<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_49600_0000049600-23-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>43836723</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>269070</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3459793</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13827800</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9870322</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15808329</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000049600-23-000021.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215162529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000049600-23-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EASTGROUP PROPERTIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000049600
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				132711135
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07094
		FILM NUMBER:		23635705

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 W. PARKWAY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RIDGELAND
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39157
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6013543555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 W. PARKWAY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RIDGELAND
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39157

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EASTGROUP PROPERTIES II INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970529

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ICM REALTY
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19830719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000049600-23-000021.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 egp-20221231.htm
 10-K

egp-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___ to ___ COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

1 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: . 
 
 The number of shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, outstanding as of February 14, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 2 

Page PART I Forward-Looking Statements 
 4 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 44 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 100 

3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the federal securities laws, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that reflect EastGroup Properties, Inc. s (the Company or EastGroup expectations and projections about the Company s future results, performance, prospects, plans and opportunities. The Company has attempted to identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, will, seek, expects, anticipates, believes, targets, intends, should, estimates, could, continue, assume, projects, goals, plans or variations of such words and similar expressions or the negative of such words, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to the Company and are subject to a number of known and unknown assumptions, risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company s actual results, performance, plans or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other things, those discussed below. The Company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable by law. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying assumptions or new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 
 
 The following are some, but not all, of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those presented in the Company s forward-looking statements (the Company refers to itself as we, us or our in the following): 
 
 international, national, regional and local economic conditions; 
 disruption in supply and delivery chains; 
 construction costs could increase as a result of inflation impacting the costs to develop properties; 
 availability of financing and capital, increase in interest rates, and ability to raise equity capital on attractive terms; 
 financing risks, including the risks that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest, and we may be unable to refinance our existing debt upon maturity or obtain new financing on attractive terms or at all; 
 our ability to retain our credit agency ratings; 
 our ability to comply with applicable financial covenants; 
 the competitive environment in which the Company operates; 
 fluctuations of occupancy or rental rates; 
 potential defaults (including bankruptcies or insolvency) on or non-renewal of leases by tenants, or our ability to lease space at current or anticipated rents, particularly in light of the impacts of inflation; 
 potential changes in the law or governmental regulations and interpretations of those laws and regulations, including changes in real estate laws or real estate investment trust REIT or corporate income tax laws, and potential increases in real property tax rates; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT; 
 acquisition and development risks, including failure of such acquisitions and development projects to perform in accordance with projections; 
 natural disasters such as fires, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes and earthquakes; 
 pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the coronavirus pandemic; 
 the terms of governmental regulations that affect us and interpretations of those regulations, including the costs of compliance with those regulations, changes in real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates; 
 credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to our interest rate swaps; 
 the discontinuation of LIBOR (as defined herein); 
 lack of or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 litigation, including costs associated with prosecuting or defending claims and any adverse outcomes; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 risks related to the failure, inadequacy or interruption of our data security systems and processes; 
 potentially catastrophic events such as acts of war, civil unrest and terrorism; and 
 environmental liabilities, including costs, fines or penalties that may be incurred due to necessary remediation of contamination of properties presently owned or previously owned by us. 
 
 All forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risks identified in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 
 The Company 
 EastGroup Properties, Inc., which we refer to in this Annual Report as the Company, EastGroup, we, us or our, is an internally-managed equity real estate investment trust REIT first organized in 1969. EastGroup is focused on the development, acquisition and operation of industrial properties in major Sunbelt markets throughout the United States, primarily in the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. EastGroup s strategy for growth is based on ownership of premier distribution facilities generally clustered near major transportation features in supply-constrained submarkets. EastGroup is a Maryland corporation, and its common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol EGP. The Company has elected to be taxed and intends to continue to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ). 
 
 Available Information 
 The Company maintains a website at www.eastgroup.net. The Company posts its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such materials to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In addition, the Company s website includes items related to corporate governance matters, including, among other things, the Company s corporate governance guidelines, charters of various committees of the Board of Directors, and the Company s code of business conduct and ethics applicable to all employees, officers and directors. The Company intends to disclose on its website any amendment to, or waiver of, any provision of this code of business conduct and ethics applicable to the Company s directors and executive officers that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange. Copies of these reports and corporate governance documents may be obtained, free of charge, from the Company s website. We are providing our website address solely for the information of investors, and the information on our website is not a part of or incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 You may also access any materials we file with the SEC through the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Administration 
 EastGroup maintains its principal executive office and headquarters in Ridgeland, Mississippi. The Company also has regional offices in Atlanta, Dallas and Los Angeles and asset management offices in Orlando, Miami, Houston and Phoenix. EastGroup has property management offices in Jacksonville, Tampa, Charlotte and San Antonio. Offices at these locations allow the Company to provide property management services to 75 of the Company s operating portfolio on a square foot basis. In addition, the Company currently provides property administration (accounting of operations) for its entire portfolio. The regional offices in Georgia, Texas and California provide oversight of the Company s development and value-add program. Properties that are either acquired but not stabilized or can be converted to a higher and better use are considered value-add properties. As of February 14, 2023, EastGroup had 87 full-time employees. 
 
 Business Overview 
 EastGroup s goal is to maximize shareholder value by being a leading provider in its markets of functional, flexible and quality business distribution space for location-sensitive customers (primarily in the 20,000 to 100,000 square foot range). The Company develops, acquires and operates distribution facilities, the majority of which are clustered around major transportation features in supply-constrained submarkets in major Sunbelt regions. The Company s core markets are in the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, EastGroup owned 487 industrial properties and one office building in 11 states. As of that same date, the Company s portfolio, including development projects and value-add properties in lease-up and under construction, included approximately 56.0 million square feet consisting of 449 business distribution properties containing 51.2 million square feet, 14 bulk distribution properties containing 3.8 million square feet, and 25 business service properties containing 1.0 million square feet (which includes one office building). As of December 31, 2022, EastGroup s operating portfolio was 98.7 leased to approximately 1,600 tenants, with no single tenant accounting for more than approximately 2.1 of the Company s income from real estate operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of February 14, 2023, the properties which were in the development and value-add program at year-end were approximately 38 leased. 
 
 During 2022, EastGroup increased its holdings in real estate properties through its acquisition and development programs. The Company acquired 2,750,000 square feet of operating and value-add properties and 456.3 acres of land for a total of 605,768,000. Also during 2022, the Company began construction of 14 development projects containing 2.7 million square 
 5 

feet and transferred 19 projects, which contain 3.6 million square feet and had costs of 461,329,000 at the date of transfer, from its development and value-add program to real estate properties. 
 
 During 2022, EastGroup sold three operating properties containing 287,000 square feet, which generated gross proceeds of 52,410,000. 
 
 The Company typically initially funds its development and acquisition programs through its unsecured bank credit facilities; the total capacity of which was increased in January 2023 by 200,000,000, from 475,000,000 to 675,000,000 (as discussed under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). As market conditions permit, EastGroup issues equity or employs fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps, to replace short-term bank borrowings. Moody s Investors Service has assigned the Company s issuer rating of Baa2 with a stable outlook. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. For future debt issuances, the Company intends to issue primarily unsecured fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps. The Company may also access the public debt market in the future as a means to raise capital. 
 
 EastGroup holds its properties as long-term investments but may determine to sell certain properties that no longer meet its investment criteria. The Company may provide financing to a prospective purchaser in connection with such sales of property if market conditions require. In addition, the Company may provide financing to a partner or co-owner in connection with an acquisition of real estate in certain situations. 
 
 Subject to the requirements necessary to maintain EastGroup s qualifications as a REIT, the Company may acquire securities of entities engaged in real estate activities or securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over those entities. 
 
 EastGroup has no present intention of acting as an underwriter of offerings of securities of other issuers. The strategies and policies set forth above were determined and are subject to review by EastGroup s Board of Directors, which may change such strategies or policies based upon its evaluation of the state of the real estate market, the performance of EastGroup s assets, capital and credit market conditions, and other relevant factors. 
 
 Competition 
 The market for the leasing of industrial real estate is competitive. We experience competition for tenants from existing properties in proximity to our buildings as well as from new development. Institutional investors, other REITs and local real estate operators generally own such properties; however, no single competitor or small group of competitors is dominant in our current markets. Even so, as a result of competition, we may have to provide concessions, incur charges for tenant improvements or offer other inducements, all of which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The market for the acquisition of industrial real estate is also competitive. We compete for real property investments with other REITs and institutional investors such as pension funds and their advisors, private real estate investment funds, insurance company investment accounts, private investment companies, individuals and other entities engaged in real estate investment activities. 
 
 Regulations 
 Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on EastGroup s business, including EastGroup s capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material. EastGroup incurs costs to monitor and take actions to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to its business, which include, among others, federal securities laws and regulations, applicable stock exchange requirements, REIT and other tax laws and regulations, environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, local zoning, usage and other regulations relating to real property, and the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ADA ). 
 
 Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances on or in such property. Many such laws impose liability without regard to whether the owner knows of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner s ability to sell or rent such property or to use such property as collateral in its borrowings. EastGroup s properties have generally been subject to Phase I Environmental Site Assessments ESAs by independent environmental consultants and, as necessary, have been subjected to Phase II ESAs. These reports have not revealed any potential significant environmental liability. Our management is not aware of any environmental liability that would have a material adverse effect on EastGroup s business, assets, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 6 

See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report for a discussion of material risks to EastGroup, including related to governmental regulations and environmental matters. 
 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Matters 
 EastGroup s commitment to ESG initiatives is evidenced by its building standards, corporate policies and procedures and company culture. At EastGroup, protecting the environment is important to the Company s employees, customers and communities. The Company strives to support sustainability through its commitment to build high performance and environmentally responsible properties. Through EastGroup s continued efforts, numerous properties have been Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED ), Building Owners and Managers Association 360 and ENERGY STAR certified, and while formal certification is not always pursued, the Company builds all of its development properties with the intention of meeting LEED certifiable standards. The Company consistently invests in energy-efficient improvements throughout its portfolio, such as LED lighting, skylights, white reflective roofing, electric vehicle charging stations and smart sensor irrigation systems. The Company strives for efficiency in operating properties with innovative solutions that are intended to lower operational costs and reduce the environmental footprint. In June 2021, the Company amended and restated its unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured working cash credit facility. The new credit facilities provide for an incremental reduction in borrowing costs if a certain sustainability-linked metric is achieved. This metric is based on a target number of newly-constructed buildings with qualifying electric vehicle charging stations as a percentage of total qualifying buildings for each fiscal year and allows for the reduction of the applicable interest margin by one basis point upon satisfaction of these targets. The baseline, which will be measured annually beginning with the year ended December 31, 2022, was determined to be 20 based on activity during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company exceeded the target of 20 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company believes that its continued commitment to pursue environmentally conscious performance and standards through sustainability best practices creates positive impacts on the environment and creates long-term value for the Company and its stakeholders. 
 
 During 2021, EastGroup hired a full-time Director of Corporate Sustainability to focus on all aspects of the Company's ESG initiatives. During 2022, the Company furthered its commitment to ESG initiatives by partnering with a sustainability consulting firm and also beginning to utilize an environmental data management platform, with the goal of more reliably tracking and benchmarking operational performance. The Company released a Corporate Green Office Guide during 2022, which contains best environmental practices for its corporate offices, and it continues to seek additional ways to engage with tenants on environmental matters, including recycling initiatives, Earth Day celebrations, and other tenant appreciation events at certain properties. 
 
 In addition, EastGroup and its employees are committed to social responsibility and are active participants in the communities where they live and work. EastGroup s employees volunteer for numerous charities, and the Company coordinates volunteer opportunities for its employees and provides paid time off for volunteering in order to encourage participation and increase social engagement in all of the communities in which it operates. 
 
 EastGroup operates on the premise that good corporate governance is fundamental to the Company s business and core values, and the Company believes its corporate governance policies and practices are well aligned with the interests of stakeholders. The honesty and integrity of the Company s management and Board of Directors are critical assets in maintaining the trust of the Company s investors, employees, customers, vendors and the communities in which the Company operates. 
 
 Readers are encouraged to visit the Priorities page of the Company's website and review its 2022 Environmental, Social Governance Report for more detail regarding EastGroup's ESG programs and initiatives. Nothing on the Company's website or in the referenced report shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Human Capital Matters 
 We believe our employees are a critical component of the success and sustainability of our Company, and we are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive work environment that encourages collaboration and teamwork. 
 
 Workforce Diversity: As of February 14, 2023, we employed 87 team members located in 12 offices in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina and Texas. As of February 14, 2023, 100 of our employees were full-time and none were members of a union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Our team is comprised of the following types of personnel: 
 
 asset, construction and property managers; 
 accounting, administrative, human resources and information technology professionals; and 
 our corporate leadership team. 
 
 7 

Our current employee base is gender diverse with 76 identifying as women and 91 of new hires in 2022 identifying as women. The officer group is comprised of 42 women and 58 men. 18 of our employees identify as racial or ethnic minorities. Our Board of Directors is 22 comprised of women, and one of nine Board members identifies as a racial or ethnic minority. With 87 employees and 9 directors, each team member plays a vital role in the success of the Company. 
 
 Employee Tenure: We believe our culture supports our employees and creates a positive, professional environment that encourages longevity for our team members. We seek to develop leaders and promote from within the organization when opportunities arise. As of February 14, 2023, 79 of our employees at the manager level and above were promoted from within the Company. The average tenure of our workforce is 9 years, and 12 years for our officers. Our voluntary turnover rate was 5.7 in 2022. 
 
 Compensation, Benefits, Health and Safety: We offer a comprehensive employee benefits program and what we believe are socially-responsible policies and practices in order to support the overall well-being of our employees and create a safe, professional and inclusive work environment. Some of the benefits we offer include a robust 401(k) matching program, company-wide equity award program, generous personal leave policy, paid parental leave, flexible work schedules, paid time off for volunteering, annual health and wellness checkups, employer-paid health insurance for all full-time employees, tobacco cessation program, athletic club and tuition reimbursement programs, and a competitive pay structure. All of our employees are salaried employees and are eligible for performance-based annual bonuses based on a percentage of salary. 
 
 Training and Development: We have a formal, certificate-based learning program for all employees; learning objectives include topics such as diversity and inclusion, unconscious bias, anti-harassment and data security. Our employees are provided with training, education and peer mentoring programs to further develop their professional skill set, enhancing the level of customer service provided to our customers and the quality of information disclosed to our stakeholders. 
 
 Policies: We have various policies and practices in place, including a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Whistleblower Program, Equal Opportunity and Commitment to Diversity, Human Rights Statement, Vendor Code of Conduct, ADA Reasonable Accommodation, Commitment to Safety, Community Service, Family Medical Leave, Maternity and Paternity Leave, Standards of Conduct, Corporate Green Office Guide, Workplace Violence Prevention, Healthy, Wealthy, Wise Benefits Summary, and Cybersecurity. 
 
 Company and Board Engagement: We value our employees, and our focus on human capital management and other socially-responsible initiatives is at the forefront of discussions and decisions with both management and the Board of Directors. On a regular basis, Company management holds ESG-related discussions with the Board of Directors; in 2022, our management and the Board of Directors formally met to discuss these topics four times. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors has direct oversight over ESG and met for one formal discussion on ESG and also received periodic updates from Company management. 
 
 Supplemental U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion supplements and updates the disclosures under Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations in the prospectus dated December 16, 2022, contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022. Capitalized terms herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning as when used in such disclosures (as supplemented). 
 
 On December 29, 2022, the IRS promulgated final Treasury Regulations under Sections 897, 1441, 1445, and 1446 of the Code that were, in part, intended to coordinate various withholding regimes for non-U.S. stockholders. The new Treasury Regulations provide that: 
 (i) The withholding rules applicable to ordinary REIT dividends paid to a non-U.S. stockholder (generally, a 30 rate of withholding on gross amounts unless otherwise reduced by treaty or effectively connected with such non-U.S. stockholder s trade or business within the U.S. and proper certifications are provided) will apply to (a) that portion of any distribution paid by us that is not designated as a capital gain dividend, a return of basis or a distribution in excess of the non-U.S. stockholder s adjusted basis in its stock that is treated as gain from the disposition of such stock and (b) any portion of a capital gain dividend paid by us that is not treated as gain attributable to the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest by reason of the recipient not owning more than 10 of a class of our stock that is regularly traded on an established securities market during the one-year period ending on the date of the capital gain dividend. 
 8 

(ii) The withholding rules under FIRPTA will apply to a distribution paid by us in excess of a non-U.S. stockholder s adjusted basis in our stock, unless the interest in our stock is not a U.S. real property interest (for example, because we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity) or the distribution is paid to a withholding qualified holder. A withholding qualified holder means a qualified holder (as defined below) and a foreign partnership all of the interests of which are held by qualified holders, including through one or more partnerships. 
 (iii) The withholding rules under FIRPTA will apply to any portion of a capital gain dividend paid to a non-U.S. stockholder that is attributable to the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest, unless it is paid to a withholding qualified holder. 
 
 In the case of FIRPTA withholding under clause (ii) above, the applicable withholding rate is currently 15 , and in the case of 
 FIRPTA withholding under clause (iii) above the withholding rate is currently 21 . For purposes of FIRPTA withholding under clause (iii), whether a capital gain dividend is attributable to the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest is determined taking into account the general exception from FIRPTA distribution treatment for distributions paid to certain non-U.S. stockholders under which any distribution by us to a non-U.S. stockholder with respect to any class of stock which is regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States is not treated as gain recognized from the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest if such non-U.S. stockholder did not own more than 10 of such class of stock at any time during the 1-year period ending on the date of such distribution. To the extent inconsistent, these Treasury Regulations supersede the discussion on withholding contained in the above-referenced disclosures (as supplemented) under the heading Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders. However, if, notwithstanding these Treasury Regulations, we encounter difficulties in properly characterizing a distribution for purposes of the withholding rules, we may decide to withhold on such distribution at the highest possible U.S. federal withholding rate that we determine could apply. 
 
 New Treasury Regulations also provide new guidance regarding qualified foreign pension funds. Accordingly, the discussion contained in the paragraph under Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders Qualified Foreign Pension Funds is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 
 
 Qualified Foreign Pension Funds . In general, for FIRPTA purposes, and subject to the discussion below regarding qualified holders, neither a qualified foreign pension fund (as defined below) nor any entity all of the interests of which are held by a qualified foreign pension fund is treated as a foreign person, thereby exempting such entities from tax under FIRPTA. A qualified foreign pension fund is an organization or arrangement (i) created or organized in a foreign country, (ii) established by a foreign country (or one or more political subdivisions thereof) or one or more employers to provide retirement or pension benefits to current or former employees (including self-employed individuals) or their designees as a result of, or in consideration for, services rendered, (iii) which does not have a single participant or beneficiary that has a right to more than 5 of its assets or income, (iv) which is subject to government regulation and with respect to which annual information about its beneficiaries is provided, or is otherwise available, to relevant local tax authorities and (v) with respect to which, under its local laws, (A) contributions that would otherwise be subject to tax are deductible or excluded from its gross income or taxed at a reduced rate, or (B) taxation of its investment income is deferred, or such income is excluded from its gross income or taxed at a reduced rate. Under Treasury Regulations, subject to the discussion below regarding qualified holders, a qualified controlled entity also is not generally treated as a foreign person for purposes of FIRPTA. A qualified controlled entity generally includes a trust or corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country all of the interests of which are held by one or more qualified foreign pension funds either directly or indirectly through one or more qualified controlled entities. 
 
 Treasury Regulations further require that a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity will not be exempt from FIRPTA with respect to dispositions of U.S. real property interests or REIT distributions attributable to the same unless the qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity is a qualified holder. To be a qualified holder, a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity must satisfy one of two alternative tests at the time of the disposition of the U.S. real property interest or the REIT distribution. Under the first test, a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity is a qualified holder if it owned no U.S. real property interests as of the earliest date during an uninterrupted period ending on the date of the disposition or distribution during which it qualified as a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity. Alternatively, if a qualified foreign pension fund or qualified controlled entity held U.S. real property interests as of the earliest date during the period described in the preceding sentence, it can be a qualified holder only if it satisfies certain testing period requirements. 
 
 Treasury Regulations also provide that a foreign partnership all of the interests of which are held by qualified holders, including through one or more partnerships, may certify its status as such and will not be treated as a foreign person for purposes of withholding under Section 1445 of the Code (and Section 1446 of the Code, as applicable). 
 
 9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 
 In addition to the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this document, readers should carefully consider the following risk factors. Any of these risks or the occurrence of any one or more of the uncertainties described below could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the performance of its business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems immaterial also may impair its business operations. 
 
 Real Estate Industry Risks 
 We face risks associated with local real estate conditions in areas where we own properties. We may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and local real estate conditions. For example, an oversupply of industrial properties in a local area or a decline in the attractiveness of our properties to tenants would have a negative effect on us. Other factors that may affect general economic conditions or local real estate conditions include: 
 
 population and demographic trends; 
 employment and personal income trends; 
 income and other tax laws; 
 changes in interest rates and availability and costs of financing; 
 increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes, due to inflation and other factors which may not necessarily be offset by increased rents; 
 changes in the price of oil; 
 construction costs; and 
 weather-related events. 
 
 We may be unable to compete for properties and tenants . The real estate business is highly competitive. We compete for interests in properties with other real estate investors and purchasers, some of whom have greater financial resources, revenues and geographical diversity than we have. Furthermore, we compete for tenants with other property owners. All of our industrial properties are subject to significant local competition. We also compete with a wide variety of institutions and other investors for capital funds necessary to support our investment activities and asset growth. 
 
 We are subject to significant regulation that constrains our activities. Local zoning and land use laws, environmental statutes and other governmental requirements restrict our expansion, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities. These regulations may prevent us from taking advantage of economic opportunities. Legislation such as the ADA may require us to modify our properties, and noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. Future legislation may impose additional requirements. We cannot predict what requirements may be enacted or what changes may be implemented to existing legislation. 
 
 Risks Associated with Our Properties 
 We may be unable to lease space on favorable terms or at all. When a lease expires, a tenant may elect not to renew it. We may not be able to re-lease the property on favorable terms, if we are able to re-lease the property at all. The terms of renewal or re-lease (including the cost of required renovations and/or concessions to tenants) may be less favorable to us than the prior lease. We also routinely develop properties with no pre-leasing. If we are unable to lease all or a substantial portion of our properties, or if the rental rates upon such leasing are significantly lower than expected rates, our cash generated before debt repayments and capital expenditures and our ability to make expected distributions to stockholders may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may be affected negatively by tenant bankruptcies and leasing delays. At any time, a tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its financial condition. Similarly, a general decline in the economy may result in a decline in the demand for space at our industrial properties. As a result, our tenants may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, or declare bankruptcy. Any such event could result in the termination of that tenant s lease and losses to us, and funds available for distribution to investors may decrease. We receive a substantial portion of our income as rents under mid-term and long-term leases. If tenants are unable to comply with the terms of their leases for any reason, including because of rising costs or falling sales, we may deem it advisable to modify lease terms to allow tenants to pay a lower rent or a smaller share of taxes, insurance and other operating costs. If a tenant becomes insolvent or bankrupt, we cannot be sure that we could recover the premises from the tenant promptly or from a trustee or debtor-in-possession in any bankruptcy proceeding relating to the tenant. We also cannot be sure that we would receive rent in the proceeding sufficient to cover our expenses with respect to the premises. If a tenant becomes bankrupt, the federal bankruptcy code will apply and, in some instances, may restrict the 
 10 

amount and recoverability of our claims against the tenant. A tenant s default on its obligations to us could adversely affect our financial condition and the cash we have available for distribution. 
 
 We face risks associated with our property development. We intend to continue to develop properties where we believe market conditions warrant such investment. Once made, our investments may not produce results in accordance with our expectations. Risks associated with our current and future development and construction activities include: 
 
 the availability of favorable financing alternatives; 
 the risk that we may not be able to obtain land on which to develop or that due to the increased cost of land, our activities may not be as profitable; 
 construction costs exceeding original estimates due to rising interest rates and increases in the costs of materials and labor; 
 disruption in supply and delivery chains; 
 construction and lease-up delays resulting in increased debt service, fixed expenses and construction costs; 
 expenditure of funds and devotion of management s time to projects that we do not complete; 
 fluctuations of occupancy and rental rates at newly completed properties, which depend on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, resulting in lower than projected rental rates and a corresponding lower return on our investment; and 
 complications (including building moratoriums and anti-growth legislation) in obtaining necessary zoning, occupancy and other governmental permits. 
 
 We face risks associated with property acquisitions . We acquire individual properties and portfolios of properties and intend to continue to do so. Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 
 
 when we are able to locate a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase price; 
 acquired properties may fail to perform as we project; 
 the actual costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired properties may be higher than our estimates; 
 acquired properties may be located in new markets where we face risks associated with an incomplete knowledge or understanding of the local market, a limited number of established business relationships in the area and a relative unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and as a result, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected; and 
 we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, to the transferor with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result, if a claim were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle it, which could adversely affect our cash flow. 
 
 Coverage under our existing insurance policies may be inadequate to cover losses . We generally maintain insurance policies related to our business, including casualty, general liability and other policies, covering our business operations, employees and assets as appropriate for the markets where our properties and business operations are located. However, we would be required to bear all losses that are not adequately covered by insurance. In addition, there may be certain losses that are not generally insured against or that are not generally fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so, including losses due to floods, wind, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots. If an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, then we could lose the capital we invested in the properties, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the properties. In addition, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. 
 
 We face risks due to lack of geographic and real estate sector diversity. Substantially all of our properties are located in the Sunbelt region of the United States with an emphasis in the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. As of December 31, 2022, our largest markets were Houston and Dallas. We owned operating properties totaling 6.2 million square feet in Houston and 4.9 million square feet in Dallas, which represent 12.0 and 9.3 , respectively, of the Company s total Real estate properties on a square foot basis. A downturn in general economic conditions and local real estate conditions in these geographic regions, as a result of oversupply of or reduced demand for industrial properties, local business climate, business layoffs and changing demographics, would have a particularly strong adverse effect on us. In addition, our investments in real estate assets are concentrated in the industrial distribution sector. This concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities included other sectors of the real estate industry. 
 
 11 

We face risks due to the illiquidity of real estate which may limit our ability to vary our portfolio. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions will therefore be limited. In addition, because of our status as a REIT, the Internal Revenue Code limits our ability to sell our properties. If we must sell an investment, we cannot ensure that we will be able to dispose of the investment on terms favorable to the Company. 
 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations. Current and previous real estate owners and operators may be required under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations to investigate and clean up hazardous substances released at the properties they own or operate. They may also be liable to the government or to third parties for substantial property or natural resource damage, investigation costs and cleanup costs. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous substances. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination. Contamination may adversely affect the owner s ability to use, sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. We have no way of determining at this time the magnitude of any potential liability to which we may be subject arising out of environmental conditions or violations with respect to the properties we currently or formerly owned. Environmental laws today can impose liability on a previous owner or operator of a property that owned or operated the property at a time when hazardous or toxic substances were disposed of, released from, or present at the property. A conveyance of the property, therefore, may not relieve the owner or operator from liability. Although ESAs have been conducted at our properties to identify potential sources of contamination at the properties, such ESAs do not reveal all environmental liabilities or compliance concerns that could arise from the properties. Moreover, material environmental liabilities or compliance concerns may exist, of which we are currently unaware, that in the future may have a material adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations. 
 
 Climate change and its effects, including compliance with new laws or regulations such as green building codes, may require us to make improvements to our existing properties or result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition. To the extent that climate change causes an increase in catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms, fires or floods, our properties may be susceptible to an increase in weather-related damage. Even in the absence of direct physical damage to our properties, the occurrence of any natural disasters or a changing climate in the area of any of our properties could have a material adverse effect on business, supply chains and the economy generally. Climate change could cause an increase in property and casualty insurance premiums. The potential impacts of future climate change on our properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell our properties or to borrow using our properties as collateral. In addition, any proposed legislation enacted to address climate change could increase the costs of energy, utilities and overall development. The resulting costs of any proposed legislation may adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Financing Risks 
 We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including refinancing risk. We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. In addition, certain of our debt will have significant outstanding principal balances on their maturity dates, commonly known as balloon payments. Therefore, we will likely need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of the existing debt. 
 
 We face risks associated with our dependence on external sources of capital. In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our ordinary taxable income, and we are subject to tax on our income to the extent it is not distributed. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs from cash retained from operations. As a result, to fund capital needs, we rely on third-party sources of capital, which we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms, if at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends upon a number of factors, including (i) general market conditions; (ii) the market s perception of our growth potential; (iii) our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; and (iv) the market price of our capital stock. Additional debt financing may negatively impact our financial ratios, such as our debt-to-total market capitalization ratio, our debt-to-EBITDAre ratio and our fixed charge coverage ratio. Additional equity financing may dilute the holdings of our current stockholders. 
 
 Covenants in our credit agreements could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition . The terms of our various credit agreements and other indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage. These covenants may limit our flexibility in our operations, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness even if we had satisfied our payment obligations. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or meet our payment obligations, the amount of our distributable cash flow and our financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 12 

Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. Our credit ratings are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analysis of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. In the event our current credit ratings deteriorate, it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade in our credit ratings would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. 
 
 Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense. At December 31, 2022, we had 170,000,000 of variable rate debt outstanding not protected by interest rate hedge contracts. We may incur additional variable rate debt in the future. If interest rates increase, then so would the interest expense on our unhedged variable rate debt, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, we manage our exposure to interest rate risk with interest rate hedge contracts that effectively fix or cap a portion of our variable rate debt. In addition, we refinance fixed rate debt at times when we believe rates and terms are appropriate. Our efforts to manage these exposures may not be successful. Our use of interest rate hedge contracts to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedge contract may fail to honor its obligations. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Termination of interest rate hedge contracts typically involves costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 
 
 The discontinuation of London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate may adversely affect our borrowing costs and could impact our business and results of operations. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee AARC ), which was convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a recommended spread adjustment as its preferred alternative to USD-LIBOR-BBA. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. We expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. As a result, any of our LIBOR-based borrowings and hedges that extend beyond such date have been amended to modify the index from LIBOR to SOFR. Concurrently, the related swaps were amended to reference SOFR rather than LIBOR. While we expect LIBOR to be available in substantially its current form until June 30, 2023, it is possible that LIBOR will become unavailable prior to that point. This could result, for example, if sufficient banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. 
 
 The lack of certain limitations on our debt could result in our becoming more highly leveraged . Our governing documents do not limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, we may incur additional debt and would do so, for example, if it were necessary to maintain our status as a REIT. We might become more highly leveraged as a result, and our financial condition and cash available for distribution to stockholders might be negatively affected and the risk of default on our indebtedness could increase. 
 
 Other Risks 
 Inflation and related volatility in the economy could negatively impact our tenants, our results of operations and the value of our publicly-traded equity securities. Inflation in the United States accelerated rapidly in 2022 and is expected to continue at an elevated level in the near-term. Inflation and its related impacts, including increased prices for services and goods and higher interest rates and wages, and any fiscal or other policy interventions by the U.S. government in reaction to such events, could negatively impact our tenants businesses or our results of operations. Most of our leases require the tenants to pay their pro rata share of operating expenses, including real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance, although a limited number of tenants have capped the amount of these operating expenses they are responsible for under their lease. As a result, we believe that most of our leases mitigate our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. However, there can be no assurance that our tenants would be able to absorb these expense increases and be able to continue to pay us their portion of operating expenses, capital expenditures and rent. In addition, while most of our leases provide for scheduled rent increases, high levels of inflation could outpace these increases. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to shareholders could be adversely affected over time. There is no guarantee that we will be able to mitigate the effects of inflation and related impacts, and the duration and extent of any prolonged periods of inflation, and any related adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition, remain unknown at this time. 
 
 13 

Additionally, inflationary pricing may have a negative effect on the construction costs necessary to complete our development projects, including, but not limited to, costs of construction materials, labor and services from third-party contractors and suppliers. Higher construction costs could adversely impact our investments in real estate assets and our expected yields on development and value-add projects. Although the Company has an obligation to complete development projects currently under construction, the Company does not have any obligation to start new development projects in the future. EastGroup evaluates new development projects on a case-by-case basis including many factors such as construction costs, potential yields, and tenant demand, and no assurance can be given that inflationary pricing will not have a material adverse impact on our development pipeline and future results. 
 
 Inflation may also cause increased volatility in financial markets, which could affect our ability to access the capital markets or impact the cost or timing at which we are able to do so. To the extent our exposure to increases in interest rates on any of our debt is not eliminated through interest rate swaps and interest rate protection agreements, such increases will result in higher debt service costs, which will adversely affect our cash flows. Our exposure to increases in interest rates in the short term includes our variable-rate borrowings. With the exception of the unsecured bank credit facilities, all of the Company s debt has an effectively fixed interest rate. See Financing Risks Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense . Increases in interest rates could also increase our debt financing costs over time, either through near-term borrowings on our existing unsecured bank credit facilities or refinancing of our existing borrowings that may incur incrementally higher interest rates. 
 
 One of the factors that may influence the trading price of our publicly-traded common stock is the interest rate on our debt and the dividend yield on our common stock relative to market interest rates. As market interest rates rise, unless we eliminate our exposure to such increases, our borrowing costs may rise and result in less funds being available for distribution. Therefore, we may not be able to, or we may choose not to, provide a higher distribution rate on our common stock. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect the market value of our properties. These factors could result in a decline in the market prices of our common stock. There is no guarantee we will be able to mitigate the impact of inflation. 
 
 The market value of our common stock could decrease based on our performance and market perception and conditions. The market value of our common stock may be affected by the market s perception of our operating results, growth potential, and current and future cash dividends and may also be affected by the real estate market value of our underlying assets. The market price of our common stock may also be influenced by the dividend on our common stock relative to market interest rates. Rising interest rates may lead potential buyers of our common stock to expect a higher dividend rate, which would adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, rising interest rates would result in increased expense, thereby adversely affecting cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay dividends. 
 
 The state of the economy or other adverse changes in general or local economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Turmoil in the global financial markets may have an adverse impact on the availability of credit to businesses generally and could lead to a further weakening of the U.S. and global economies. Currently these conditions have not impaired our ability to access credit markets and finance our operations. However, our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to raise financing, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. Furthermore, deteriorating economic conditions including business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns and other similar factors that affect our customers could negatively impact commercial real estate fundamentals and result in lower occupancy, lower rental rates and declining values in our real estate portfolio and in the collateral securing any loan investments we may make. Additionally, an adverse economic situation could have an impact on our lenders or customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. No assurances can be given that the effects of an adverse economic situation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may fail to qualify as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be allowed to deduct dividends to stockholders in computing our taxable income and will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. In addition, we may be barred from qualification as a REIT for the four years following disqualification. The additional tax incurred at regular corporate rates would significantly reduce the cash flow available for distribution to stockholders and for debt service. Furthermore, we would no longer be required by the Internal Revenue Code to make any dividends to our stockholders as a condition of REIT qualification. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, subject to certain limitations in the Internal Revenue Code, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction, and individual, trust and estate stockholders may be eligible to treat the dividends received from us as qualified dividend income taxable as net capital gains under the provisions of Section 1(h)(11) of the Internal Revenue Code. However, non-corporate stockholders (including individuals) will not be able to deduct 20 of certain dividends they receive from us. The REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex, and interpretation of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REIT qualification is limited. Although we believe we have operated and intend to operate in a manner that will continue to qualify us as a REIT, we cannot be certain that we have been or will be successful in continuing to be taxed as a REIT. In addition, facts and circumstances that may be beyond 
 14 

our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. We cannot assure you that new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will not change the tax laws significantly with respect to our qualification as a REIT or with respect to the federal income tax consequences of qualification. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory action with respect to tax laws and regulations could adversely affect the Company and our stockholders. We are subject to state and local tax laws and regulations. Changes in state and local tax laws or regulations may result in an increase in our tax liability. A shortfall in tax revenues for states and municipalities in which we operate may lead to an increase in the frequency and size of such changes. If such changes occur, we may be required to pay additional taxes on our assets or income. These increased tax costs could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and the amount of cash available for the payment of dividends. In addition, in recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the federal income tax laws applicable to investments in REITs and similar entities. Additional changes to tax laws are likely to continue to occur in the future, and we cannot assure our stockholders that any such changes will not adversely affect the taxation of a stockholder. We cannot assure you that future changes to tax laws and regulations will not have an adverse effect on an investment in our stock. 
 To maintain our status as a REIT, we limit the amount of shares any one stockholder can own . The Internal Revenue Code imposes certain limitations on the ownership of the stock of a REIT. For example, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) during the last half of any taxable year. To protect our REIT status, our charter prohibits any holder from acquiring more than 9.8 (in value or in number, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding equity stock (defined as all of our classes of capital stock, except our excess stock (of which there is none outstanding)) unless our Board of Directors grants a waiver. The ownership limit may limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of common stock that might otherwise exist if an investor were attempting to assemble a block of shares in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding shares of equity stock or otherwise effect a change in control. 
 Certain tax and anti-takeover provisions of our charter and bylaws may inhibit a change of our control . Certain provisions contained in our charter and bylaws and the Maryland General Corporation Law may discourage a third party from making a tender offer or acquisition proposal to us. If this were to happen, it could delay, deter or prevent a change in control or the removal of existing management. These provisions also may delay or prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium for their common shares over then-prevailing market prices. These provisions include: 
 the REIT ownership limit described above; 
 special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, a majority of the board or by stockholders possessing a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting; 
 our Board of Directors may authorize and issue securities without stockholder approval; and 
 advance-notice requirements for proposals to be presented at stockholder meetings. 
 
 In addition, Maryland law provides protection for Maryland corporations against unsolicited takeovers by limiting, among other things, the duties of the directors in unsolicited takeover situations and certain business combinations and control share acquisitions. Our bylaws contain provisions exempting us from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act and the Maryland Business Combination Act. Our bylaws prohibit the repeal, amendment or alteration of our Maryland Control Share Acquisition opt out without the approval by the Company s stockholders; however, there can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended or eliminated at some time in the future. 
 
 The Company faces risks in attracting and retaining key personnel. Many of our senior executives have strong industry reputations, which aid us in identifying acquisition and development opportunities and negotiating with tenants and sellers of properties. The loss of the services of these key personnel could affect our operations because of diminished relationships with existing and prospective tenants, property sellers and industry personnel. In addition, attracting new or replacement personnel may be difficult in a competitive market. 
 
 We have severance and change in control agreements with certain of our officers that may deter changes in control of the Company. If, within a certain time period (as set in the officer s agreement) following a change in control, we terminate the officer s employment other than for cause, or if the officer elects to terminate his or her employment with us for reasons specified in the agreement, we will make a severance payment equal to the officer s average annual compensation times an amount specified in the officer s agreement, together with the officer s base salary and vacation pay that have accrued but are unpaid through the date of termination. These agreements may deter a change in control because of the increased cost for a third party to acquire control of us. 
 
 15 

We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or cyber-attack of that technology could harm our business. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, and to maintain personal identifying information and customer and lease data. We purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of data relating to our business operations (including our financial transactions and records) and confidential customer data (including individually identifiable information relating to financial accounts). Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not prevent the systems improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of our business operations or personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, phishing or spoofing attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns, misappropriation of assets or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In some cases, it may be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage they cause. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be impacted by changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies. Any changes to U.S. tax laws, foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where our customers operate could adversely affect our operating results and our business. 
 
 Pandemics, such as COVID-19, and mitigation efforts to control their spread may impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows . The COVID-19 pandemic, including the ongoing emergence of viral variants, has caused and could continue to cause widespread disruptions to the U.S. and global economy and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are affected by our ability to lease our properties and collect rental revenues, renew our leases or lease vacant space on favorable terms, and the health and well-being of our customers, employees and other stakeholders, all of which could be adversely affected by COVID-19 or other pandemics. In addition, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic, its macroeconomic effects or the government responses thereto adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, they may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 
 EastGroup owned 487 industrial properties and one office building at December 31, 2022. These properties are located primarily in the Sunbelt states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina, and the majority are clustered around major transportation features in supply constrained submarkets. As of February 14, 2023, EastGroup s operating portfolio was 98.4 leased and 98.0 occupied by approximately 1,600 tenants, with no single tenant accounting for more than approximately 2.1 of the Company s income from real estate operations. The Company has developed approximately 48 of its total portfolio (on a square foot basis), which includes real estate properties and development and value-add properties in lease-up and under construction. The Company s focus is the ownership of business distribution space (91 of the total portfolio) with the remainder in bulk distribution space (7 and business service space (2 ). Business distribution space properties are typically multi-tenant buildings with a building depth of 200 feet or less, clear height of 24-30 feet, office finish of 10-25 and truck courts with a depth of 100-120 feet. See Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule III Real Estate Properties and Accumulated Depreciation for a detailed listing of the Company s properties. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, EastGroup did not own any single property with a book value that was 10 or more of total book value or with gross revenues that were 10 or more of total gross revenues. 

16 

The Company s lease expirations are detailed below: 
 Years Ending December 31, Number of Leases Expiring (1) 
 Total Area of Leases Expiring 
 (in Square Feet) (1) 
 Annualized Current Base Rent of Leases Expiring (1) (2) 
 of Total Base Rent of Leases Expiring (1) 
 2023 (3) 
 249 5,299,000 38,289,000 10.3 2024 297 7,905,000 55,420,000 14.9 2025 300 8,073,000 60,176,000 16.2 2026 279 8,800,000 67,607,000 18.2 2027 256 8,461,000 66,376,000 17.9 2028 98 3,728,000 25,752,000 6.9 2029 56 2,695,000 19,518,000 5.3 2030 30 1,592,000 8,779,000 2.4 2031 20 934,000 8,559,000 2.3 2032 and beyond 38 3,859,000 20,602,000 5.6 
 
 (1) Does not include lease renewal options. 
 (2) Represents the monthly cash rental rates, excluding tenant expense reimbursements, as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12 months. 
 (3) Includes month-to-month leases. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 
 The Company is not presently involved in any material litigation nor, to its knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against the Company or its properties, other than routine litigation arising in the ordinary course and other actions not deemed to be material. Of these matters, substantially all of which are to be covered by the Company s liability insurance and which, in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. The Company cannot predict the outcome of any litigation with certainty, and some lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be disposed of unfavorably to the Company, which could materially affect its financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 17 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 The Company s shares of common stock are listed for trading on the NYSE under the symbol EGP. As of February 14, 2023, there were 408 holders of record of the Company s 43,554,350 outstanding shares of common stock. The Company distributed all of its 2022 and 2021 taxable income to its stockholders. We generally pay quarterly cash dividends to holders of our common stock at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Our future distributions may vary and will be determined by the Board of Directors based upon the circumstances prevailing at the time, including our financial condition, operating results, estimated taxable income and REIT distribution requirements, and may be adjusted at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Accordingly, no significant provisions for income taxes were necessary. The following table summarizes the federal income tax treatment for all distributions by the Company for the years 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Treatment of Share Distributions 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Common Share Distributions: (Per share) Ordinary dividends 4.53746 3.61656 Nondividend distributions Unrecaptured Section 1250 capital gain Other capital gain Total Common Distributions 4.53746 3.61656 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 (1) 
 37 151.39 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Total 37 151.39 
 
 (1) As permitted under the Company s equity compensation plan, these shares were withheld by the Company to satisfy the tax withholding obligations in connection with the issuance of shares of common stock. 
 
 18 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares, over the five years ended December 31, 2022, the cumulative total shareholder return on EastGroup s common stock with the cumulative total return of the Standard Poor s 500 Total Return Index (S P 500 Total Return) and the FTSE Equity REIT index prepared by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (FTSE Nareit Equity REITs). 
 
 The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or be deemed to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 

Fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 EastGroup 100.00 106.93 158.47 169.09 284.82 190.63 FTSE Nareit Equity REITs 100.00 95.38 120.18 110.57 158.38 119.78 S P 500 Total Return 100.00 95.62 125.73 148.86 191.60 156.90 
 
 The information above assumes that the value of the investment in shares of EastGroup s common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 19 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

OVERVIEW 
 EastGroup s goal is to maximize shareholder value by being a leading provider in its markets of functional, flexible and quality business distribution space for location-sensitive customers (primarily in the 20,000 to 100,000 square foot range). The Company develops, acquires and operates distribution facilities, the majority of which are clustered around major transportation features in supply-constrained submarkets in major Sunbelt regions. The Company s core markets are in the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. 
 
 During 2022, economic uncertainty and stock market volatility increased due to a number of factors, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, lingering supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, and increasing interest rates. While these factors have not had a significant adverse impact on EastGroup's operations to date, they may adversely impact the Company in the future. Most of the Company s leases require the tenants to pay their pro rata share of operating expenses, including real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance, thereby reducing the Company s exposure to increases in operating expenses resulting from inflation or other factors. Additionally, most of the Company's leases include scheduled rent increases. In the event inflation causes increases in the Company s general and administrative expenses, or higher interest rates increase the Company s cost of doing business, such increased costs would not be passed through to tenants and could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. The Company continues to monitor these supply chain, inflation and interest rate factors, as well as the uncertainty resulting from the overall economic environment. 
 
 The Company believes its current operating cash flow and unsecured bank credit facilities provide the capacity to fund the operations of the Company, and the Company also believes it can issue common and/or preferred equity and obtain debt financing on currently acceptable terms. During 2022, EastGroup issued 393,406 shares of common stock through its continuous common equity offering program, providing net proceeds to the Company of 75,375,000. Also during 2022, the Company closed 525,000,000 of unsecured debt with a weighted average effectively fixed interest rate of 3.82 in four separate transactions. EastGroup s financing and equity issuances are further described in Liquidity and Capital Resources below. 
 
 The Company s primary revenue is rental income. During 2022, EastGroup executed leases on 9,220,000 square feet of operating properties (17.7 of EastGroup s total square footage of 52,003,000 as of December 31, 2022). For new and renewal leases signed during 2022, average rental rates increased by 39.0 as compared to the former leases on the same spaces. 
 
 On a diluted per share basis, Net Income Attributable to EastGroup Properties, Inc. Common Stockholders was 4.36 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.90 for the same period of 2021, an 11.8 increase. 
 
 Property Net Operating Income PNOI Excluding Income from Lease Terminations from same properties (defined as operating properties owned during the entire current and prior year reporting periods January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022), increased 7.2 for 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 EastGroup s operating portfolio was 98.7 leased at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Occupancy at the end of 2022 for the operating portfolio was 98.3 compared to 97.4 at December 31, 2021. As of February 14, 2023, the operating portfolio was 98.4 leased and 98.0 occupied. As of December 31, 2022, leases scheduled to expire in 2023 were 10.3 of the operating portfolio as a percentage of total base rent of leases expiring during the year 2023, and this percentage was reduced to 8.5 as of February 14, 2023. 
 
 The Company generates new sources of leasing revenue through its acquisitions and also its development and value-add program. The Company mitigates risks associated with development through a Board-approved maximum level of land held for development and by adjusting development start dates according to leasing activity. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup closed the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation, the owner of an industrial real estate portfolio that included 14 operating properties located in Sacramento and San Francisco containing 1,706,000 square feet. The portfolio also included two land parcels located in Sacramento and San Francisco totaling 10.5 acres. As consideration in connection with the acquisition, EastGroup assumed a loan with an outstanding principal balance of 60,000,000, which the Company immediately repaid with no penalty in June 2022, and issued 1,868,809 shares of the 
 20 

Company s common stock. In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded real estate properties and development land totaling 365,731,000. 
 
 During 2022, EastGroup also acquired 1,044,000 square feet of value-add properties in Houston, Phoenix, San Francisco and Greenville for 122,921,000. In addition to the two land parcels obtained in the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation, the Company also purchased 445.8 acres of land in eight cities for a total of 117,116,000. The Company began construction of 14 development projects containing 2,668,000 square feet in 10 cities. Also in 2022, the Company transferred 19 development and value-add properties (3,638,000 square feet) in 14 cities from its development and value-add program to real estate properties with costs of 461,329,000 at the date of transfer. As of December 31, 2022, EastGroup s development and value-add program consisted of 20 projects (3,981,000 square feet) located in 12 cities. The projected total cost for the development and value-add projects, which were collectively 38 leased as of February 14, 2023, is 494,100,000, of which 169,269,000 remained to be invested as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 During 2022, EastGroup sold 287,000 square feet of operating properties, generating gross sales proceeds of 52,410,000. The Company recognized 40,999,000 in Gain on sales of real estate investments during 2022. 
 
 The Company typically initially funds its development and acquisition programs through its unsecured bank credit facilities; the total capacity of which was increased in January 2023 by 200,000,000, from 475,000,000 to 675,000,000 (as discussed below in Liquidity and Capital Resources ). As market conditions permit, EastGroup issues equity and/or employs fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps, to replace short-term bank borrowings. Moody's Investors Service has assigned the Company s issuer rating of Baa2 with a stable outlook. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. For future debt issuances, the Company intends to issue primarily unsecured fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps. The Company may also access the public debt market in the future as a means to raise capital. 
 
 EastGroup has one reportable segment industrial properties, consistent with the Company s manner of internal reporting, measurement of operating results and allocation of the Company s resources. The Company s chief decision makers use two primary measures of operating results in making decisions: (1) funds from operations attributable to common stockholders FFO ), and (2) property net operating income PNOI ). 
 
 FFO is computed in accordance with standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. Nareit ). Nareit s guidance allows preparers an option as it pertains to whether gains or losses on sale, or impairment charges, on real estate assets incidental to a REIT s business are excluded from the calculation of FFO. EastGroup has made the election to exclude activity related to such assets that are incidental to our business. 
 
 FFO is calculated as net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), excluding gains and losses from sales of real estate property (including other assets incidental to the Company s business) and impairment losses, adjusted for real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. FFO is not considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of the Company s financial performance, nor is it a measure of the Company s liquidity or indicative of funds available to provide for the Company s cash needs, including its ability to make distributions. The Company s key drivers affecting FFO are changes in PNOI (as discussed below), interest rates, the amount of leverage the Company employs and general and administrative expenses. 
 
 PNOI is defined as Income from real estate operations less Expenses from real estate operations (including market-based internal management fee expense) plus the Company s share of income and property operating expenses from its less-than-wholly-owned real estate investments. 
 
 EastGroup sometimes refers to PNOI from Same Properties as Same PNOI the Company also presents Same PNOI Excluding Income from Lease Terminations. Same Properties is defined as operating properties owned during the entire current period and prior year reporting period. Properties developed or acquired are excluded until held in the operating portfolio for both the current and prior year reporting periods. Properties sold during the current or prior year reporting periods are also excluded. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Same Properties includes properties which were included in the operating portfolio for the entire period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022. The Company presents Same PNOI and Same PNOI Excluding Income from Lease Terminations as a property-level supplemental measure of performance used to evaluate the performance of the Company s investments in real estate assets and its operating results on a same property basis. 
 
 21 

FFO and PNOI are supplemental industry reporting measurements used to evaluate the performance of the Company s investments in real estate assets and its operating results. The Company believes that the exclusion of depreciation and amortization in the calculations of PNOI and FFO provides supplemental indicators of the properties performance since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions. PNOI and FFO as calculated by the Company may not be comparable to similarly titled but differently calculated measures for other real estate investment trusts REITs ). Investors should be aware that items excluded from or added back to FFO are significant components in understanding and assessing the Company s financial performance. These non-GAAP figures should not be considered a substitute for, and should only be considered together with and as a supplement to, the Company s financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table presents reconciliations of Net Income to PNOI, Same PNOI and Same PNOI Excluding Income from Lease Terminations for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) NET INCOME 186,274 157,638 108,391 Gain on sales of real estate investments (40,999) (38,859) (13,145) Interest income (100) (6) (101) Other revenue (208) (63) (354) Indirect leasing costs 546 700 661 Depreciation and amortization 153,638 127,099 116,359 Company s share of depreciation from unconsolidated investment 124 136 137 Interest expense 38,499 32,945 33,927 General and administrative expense 16,362 15,704 14,404 Noncontrolling interest in PNOI of consolidated joint ventures (105) (61) (171) PROPERTY NET OPERATING INCOME PNOI 354,031 295,233 260,108 PNOI from 2021 and 2022 acquisitions (17,146) (2,252) PNOI from 2021 and 2022 development and value-add properties (37,329) (9,937) PNOI from 2021 and 2022 operating property dispositions (237) (3,263) Other PNOI 323 (223) SAME PNOI 299,642 279,558 Net lease termination fee income from same properties (1,426) (1,411) SAME PNOI EXCLUDING INCOME FROM LEASE TERMINATIONS 298,216 278,147 
 
 Same property metrics are not applicable to the year ended December 31, 2020, as the same property metrics for 2022 and 2021 are based on operating properties owned during the entire current and prior year reporting periods (January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022). 
 
 PNOI was calculated as follows for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Income from real estate operations 486,817 409,412 362,669 Expenses from real estate operations (133,915) (115,078) (103,368) Noncontrolling interest in PNOI of consolidated joint ventures (105) (61) (171) PNOI from 50 owned unconsolidated investment 1,234 960 978 PROPERTY NET OPERATING INCOME PNOI 354,031 295,233 260,108 
 
 Income from real estate operations is comprised of rental income, net of reserves for uncollectible rent, expense reimbursement pass-through income and other real estate income including lease termination fees. Expenses from real estate operations is comprised of property taxes, insurance, utilities, repair and maintenance expenses, management fees and other operating costs. Generally, the Company s most significant operating expenses are property taxes and insurance. Tenant leases may be net leases in which the total operating expenses are recoverable, modified gross leases in which some of the operating expenses are recoverable, or gross leases in which no expenses are recoverable (gross leases represent only a small portion of the 
 22 

Company s total leases). Increases in property operating expenses are fully recoverable under net leases and recoverable to a high degree under modified gross leases. Modified gross leases often include base year amounts, and expense increases over these amounts are recoverable. The Company s exposure to property operating expenses is primarily due to vacancies and leases for occupied space that limit the amount of expenses that can be recovered. 
 
 The following table presents reconciliations of Net Income Attributable to EastGroup Properties, Inc. Common Stockholders to FFO Attributable to Common Stockholders for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 186,182 157,557 108,363 Depreciation and amortization 153,638 127,099 116,359 Company s share of depreciation from unconsolidated investment 124 136 137 Depreciation and amortization from noncontrolling interest (17) (142) Gain on sales of real estate investments (40,999) (38,859) (13,145) FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS FFO ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 298,928 245,933 211,572 Net income attributable to common stockholders per diluted share 4.36 3.90 2.76 Funds from operations FFO attributable to common stockholders per diluted share 7.00 6.09 5.38 Diluted shares for earnings per share and funds from operations 42,712 40,377 39,296 
 
 The Company analyzes the following performance trends in evaluating the revenues and expenses of the Company: 
 
 On a diluted per share basis, Net Income Attributable to EastGroup Properties, Inc. Common Stockholders was 4.36 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.90 for the same period of 2021, an 11.8 increase . 
 
 The change in FFO per share represents the increase or decrease in FFO per share from the current year compared to the prior year. For 2022, FFO was 7.00 per share compared with 6.09 per share for 2021, an increase of 14.9 . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, PNOI increased by 58,798,000, or 19.9 , compared to 2021. PNOI increased 27,392,000 from newly developed and value-add properties, 20,084,000 from same property operations and 14,894,000 from 2021 and 2022 acquisitions; PNOI decreased 3,026,000 from operating properties sold in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 The change in Same PNOI represents the PNOI increase or decrease for the same operating properties owned during the entire current and prior year reporting periods (January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022). Same PNOI, excluding income from lease terminations, increased 7.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. 
 
 Same property average occupancy represents the average month-end percentage of leased square footage for which the lease term has commenced as compared to the total leasable square footage for the same operating properties owned during the entire current and prior year reporting periods (January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022). Same property average occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 98.2 compared to 97.5 for 2021. 
 
 Occupancy is the percentage of leased square footage for which the lease term has commenced as compared to the total leasable square footage as of the close of the reporting period. Occupancy at December 31, 2022 was 98.3 . Quarter-end occupancy ranged from 97.4 to 98.5 over the previous four quarters ended December 31, 2021 to September 30, 2022. 
 
 Rental rate change represents the rental rate increase or decrease on new and renewal leases compared to the prior leases on the same space. For the year 2022, rental rate increases on new and renewal leases (17.7 of total square footage) averaged 39.0 . 
 
 Lease termination fee income is included in Income from real estate operations. For the year 2022, lease termination fee income was 2,708,000 compared to 1,411,000 for 2021. 
 
 23 

The Company records reserves for uncollectible rent as reductions to Income from real estate operations ; recoveries for uncollectible rent are recorded as additions to Income from real estate operations . The Company recorded net reserves for uncollectible rent of 138,000 in 2022 compared to net recoveries for uncollectible rent of 475,000 in 2021. We evaluate the collectability of rents and other receivables for individual leases at each reporting period based on factors including, among others, tenant s payment history, the financial condition of the tenant, business conditions and trends in the industry in which the tenant operates and economic conditions in the geographic area where the property is located. If evaluation of these factors or others indicates it is not probable we will collect substantially all rent, we recognize an adjustment to rental revenue. If our judgment or estimation regarding probability of collection changes, we may adjust or record additional rental revenue in the period such conclusion is reached. The Company followed its normal process for recording reserves for uncollectible rent during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company s management considers the following accounting policies and estimates to be critical to the reported operations of the Company. 
 
 Acquisition and Development of Real Estate Properties 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Codification provides guidance on how to properly determine the allocation of the purchase price among the individual components of both the tangible and intangible assets based on their respective fair values. Factors considered by management in allocating the cost of the properties acquired include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. The allocation to tangible assets (land, building and improvements) is based upon management s determination of the value of the property as if it were vacant using discounted cash flow models. Land is valued using comparable land sales specific to the applicable market, provided by a third party. The Company determines whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar properties. The cost of the properties acquired may be adjusted based on indebtedness assumed from the seller that is determined to be above or below market rates. 
 
 The purchase price is also allocated among the following categories of intangible assets: the above or below market component of in-place leases, the value of in-place leases and the value of customer relationships. The value allocable to the above or below market component of an acquired in-place lease is determined based upon the present value (using a discount rate reflecting the risks associated with the acquired leases) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the lease over its remaining term, and (ii) management s estimate of the amounts that would be paid using current market rents over the remaining term of the lease. The amounts allocated to above and below market lease intangibles are included in Other assets and Other liabilities , respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized to rental income over the remaining terms of the respective leases. The total amount of intangible assets is further allocated to in-place lease values and customer relationship values based upon management s assessment of their respective values. These intangible assets are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are amortized over the remaining term of the existing lease, or the anticipated life of the customer relationship, as applicable. 
 
 The significance of this accounting policy will fluctuate given the transaction activity during the period. 
 
 For properties under development and value-add properties acquired in the development stage, costs associated with development (i.e., land, construction costs, interest expense, property taxes and other costs associated with development) are aggregated into the total capitalized costs of the property. Included in these costs are management s estimates for the portions of internal costs (primarily personnel costs) deemed related to such development activities. The internal costs are allocated to specific development projects based on development activity. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 EastGroup s Total Assets were 4,035,837,000 at December 31, 2022, an increase of 820,501,000 from December 31, 2021. Total Liabilities increased 438,522,000 to 2,082,398,000, and Total Equity increased 381,979,000 to 1,953,439,000 during the same period. The following paragraphs explain these changes in greater detail. 

24 

Assets 
 
 Real Estate Properties 
 Real estate properties increased 849,261,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to: (i) the transfer of 19 properties from Development and value-add properties to Real estate properties (as detailed under Development and Value-Add Properties below); (ii) the acquisition of 14 operating properties; (iii) capital improvements at the Company s properties; and (iv) costs incurred on development and value-add projects subsequent to transfer to Real estate properties discussed below. These increases were partially offset by the operating property sales discussed below. 
 
 During 2022, EastGroup acquired the following operating properties: 
 OPERATING PROPERTIES ACQUIRED IN 2022 
 Location Size Date Acquired Cost (1) 
 (Square feet) (In thousands) Cebrian Distribution Center and Reed Distribution 
 Center (2) 
 Sacramento, CA 329,000 06/01/2022 49,726 6 th Street Business Center, Benicia Distribution 
 Center 1-5, Ettie Business Center, Laura 
 Alice Business Center, Preston 
 Distribution Center, Sinclair Distribution 
 Center, Transit Distribution Center and 
 Whipple Business Center (2) 
 San Francisco, CA 1,377,000 06/01/2022 309,404 Total operating property acquisitions 1,706,000 359,130 
 (1) Cost is calculated in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations, and represents the sum of the purchase price, closing costs and capitalized acquisition costs. Refer to Note 1(j) and 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) The Company acquired these operating properties along with two land parcels, also in Sacramento, CA and San Francisco, CA, in connection with its acquisition of Tulloch Corporation in June 2022. Size and cost are presented on an aggregate basis for the properties located in Sacramento, CA and San Francisco, CA, respectively. In consideration for this acquisition, the Company assumed a 60,000,000 loan and issued 1,868,809 shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made capital improvements of 39,444,000 on existing and acquired properties (included in the Capital Expenditures table under Results of Operations ). Also, the Company incurred costs of 10,989,000 on development and value-add projects subsequent to transfer to Real estate properties ; the Company records these expenditures as development and value-add costs on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup sold 287,000 square feet of operating properties, generating gross sales proceeds of 52,410,000. The Company recognized 40,999,000 in Gain on sales of real estate investments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Development and Value-Add Properties 
 EastGroup s investment in Development and value-add properties at December 31, 2022 consisted of properties in lease-up and under construction of 324,831,000 and prospective development (primarily land) of 213,618,000. The Company s total investment in Development and value-add properties at December 31, 2022 was 538,449,000 compared to 504,614,000 at December 31, 2021. Total capital invested for development and value-add properties during 2022 was 494,073,000, which primarily consisted of costs of 384,541,000 as detailed in the Development and Value-Add Properties Activity table below, 110,623,000 as detailed in the Development and Value-Add Properties Transferred to the Real Estate Properties Portfolio During 2022 table below and costs of 10,989,000 on projects subsequent to transfer to Real estate properties . These costs were partially offset by development spending prepaid in prior periods. Additionally, the Company acquired development land in the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation through the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock and the assumption of certain indebtedness, which was immediately repaid. The capitalized costs incurred on development and value-add projects subsequent to transfer to Real estate properties include capital improvements at the properties and do not include other capitalized costs associated with development (i.e., interest expense, property taxes and internal personnel costs). 
 
 EastGroup capitalized internal development costs of 9,985,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7,713,000 during 2021. 

25 

During 2022, EastGroup acquired the following value-add properties: 
 VALUE-ADD PROPERTIES ACQUIRED IN 2022 
 Location Size Date Acquired Cost (1) 
 (Square feet) (In thousands) Cypress Preserve 1 2 Houston, TX 516,000 03/28/2022 54,462 Zephyr Distribution Center San Francisco, CA 82,000 04/08/2022 29,017 Mesa Gateway Commerce Center Phoenix, AZ 147,000 04/15/2022 18,315 Access Point 3 Greenville, SC 299,000 07/12/2022 21,127 Total value-add property acquisitions 1,044,000 122,921 
 (1) Cost is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations, and represents the sum of the purchase price, closing costs and capitalized acquisition costs. Refer to Note 1(j) and 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Also during 2022, EastGroup purchased 456.3 acres of development land in 10 cities for 123,717,000. Costs associated with these acquisitions are included in the Development and Value-Add Properties Activity table. These increases were offset by the transfer of 19 development projects to Real estate properties during 2022 with a total investment of 461,329,000 as of the date of transfer. 

26 

The activity of the Company's Development and Value-Add Properties for the year ended December 31, 2022 follows: 
 
 DEVELOPMENT AND VALUE-ADD PROPERTIES ACTIVITY Costs Incurred Anticipated Building Conversion Date Costs 
 Transferred 
 in 2022 (1) 
 For the 
 Year Ended 
 12/31/22 
 Cumulative 
 as of 
 12/31/22 
 Projected 
 Total Costs (2) 
 (In thousands) LEASE-UP Building Size (Square feet) Cypress Preserve 1 2, Houston, TX (3) 
 516,000 54,081 54,081 57,800 03/23 Grand West Crossing 1, Houston, TX 121,000 4,168 13,037 15,700 04/23 Zephyr, San Francisco, CA (3) 
 82,000 29,028 29,028 29,800 04/23 Access Point 3, Greenville, SC (3) 
 299,000 22,632 22,632 25,400 07/23 McKinney 3 4, Dallas, TX 212,000 13,714 24,152 27,000 07/23 Grand Oaks 75 4, Tampa, FL 185,000 9,637 16,015 17,900 09/23 Total Lease-Up 1,415,000 133,260 158,945 173,600 UNDER CONSTRUCTION SunCoast 11, Fort Myers, FL 79,000 1,524 7,651 9,175 9,900 04/23 Arlington Tech 3, Fort Worth, TX 77,000 1,980 6,420 8,400 10,300 02/24 Gateway 2, Miami, FL 133,000 8,049 10,139 18,188 23,700 02/24 Hillside 1, Greenville, SC 122,000 632 8,846 9,478 11,600 02/24 I-20 West Business Center, Atlanta, GA 155,000 10,175 13,139 15,500 02/24 LakePort 4 5, Dallas, TX 177,000 10,767 18,705 24,000 02/24 Horizon West 1, Orlando, FL 97,000 3,730 5,839 9,569 13,200 03/24 Steele Creek 11 12, Charlotte, NC 241,000 2,857 13,923 16,780 25,900 04/24 Springwood 1 2, Houston, TX 292,000 6,741 16,232 22,973 33,300 05/24 Stonefield 35 1-3, Austin, TX 274,000 10,279 6,040 16,319 35,300 06/24 SunCoast 10, Fort Myers, FL 100,000 1,624 1,344 2,968 13,600 06/24 Basswood 3-5, Fort Worth, TX 351,000 7,476 886 8,362 45,000 08/24 McKinney 1 2, Dallas, TX 172,000 4,261 2,240 6,501 27,300 08/24 Cass White 1 2, Atlanta, GA 296,000 3,534 1,795 5,329 31,900 10/24 Total Under Construction 2,566,000 52,687 102,297 165,886 320,500 Total Lease-Up and Under Construction 3,981,000 52,687 235,557 324,831 494,100 PROSPECTIVE DEVELOPMENT (PRIMARILY LAND) Estimated Building Size (Square feet) Phoenix, AZ 655,000 15,395 15,395 Sacramento, CA 82,000 3,130 3,130 San Francisco, CA 65,000 3,561 3,561 Fort Myers, FL 364,000 (3,148) 2,693 7,843 Miami, FL 510,000 (8,049) 18,035 24,317 Orlando, FL 1,053,000 (9,906) 8,338 24,670 Tampa, FL 32,000 825 Atlanta, GA 1,490,000 (3,534) 13,189 14,713 Jackson, MS 28,000 706 Charlotte, NC 1,146,000 (2,857) 1,475 13,722 Greenville, SC 476,000 (632) 5,353 6,457 Austin, TX 1,557,000 (10,279) 50,699 46,851 Dallas, TX (4,261) 457 4,594 Fort Worth, TX 313,000 (9,456) 1,376 7,247 Houston, TX 1,536,000 (11,247) 17,110 30,696 San Antonio, TX 423,000 8,173 8,891 Total Prospective Development 9,730,000 (63,369) 148,984 213,618 Total Development and Value-Add Properties 13,711,000 (10,682) 384,541 538,449 The Development and Value-Add Properties table is continued on the following page. 
 
 27 

DEVELOPMENT AND VALUE-ADD PROPERTIES TRANSFERRED TO THE REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES PORTFOLIO DURING 2022 
 Costs Incurred Costs 
 Transferred 
 in 2022 (1) 
 For the 
 Year Ended 
 12/31/22 
 Cumulative 
 as of 
 12/31/22 (4) 
 Building Size (Square feet) (In thousands) Building Conversion Date Access Point 1, Greenville, SC (3) 
 156,000 7 12,529 01/22 Speed Distribution Center, San Diego, CA 519,000 2,884 70,702 03/22 Access Point 2, Greenville, SC (3) 
 159,000 601 12,232 05/22 Grand Oaks 75 3, Tampa, FL 136,000 1,205 11,397 06/22 Siempre Viva 3-6, San Diego, CA (3) 
 547,000 595 133,283 06/22 Steele Creek 8, Charlotte, NC 72,000 5,142 7,870 07/22 CreekView 9 10, Dallas, TX 145,000 4,210 15,546 08/22 Gateway 3, Miami, FL 133,000 4,903 18,069 08/22 Ridgeview 3, San Antonio, TX 88,000 3,513 9,317 08/22 Americas Ten 2, El Paso, TX 169,000 5,254 14,354 09/22 Horizon West 2 3, Orlando, FL 210,000 1,597 18,787 09/22 Mesa Gateway, Phoenix, AZ (3) 
 147,000 18,696 18,696 11/22 World Houston 47, Houston, TX 139,000 4,506 12,517 17,023 11/22 45 Crossing, Austin, TX 177,000 7,998 25,058 12/22 Basswood 1 2, Fort Worth, TX 237,000 7,237 22,466 12/22 Horizon West 4, Orlando, FL 295,000 6,176 18,201 24,377 12/22 SunCoast 12, Fort Myers, FL 79,000 3,928 8,106 12/22 Tri-County Crossing 5, San Antonio, TX 106,000 5,544 11,144 12/22 Tri-County Crossing 6, San Antonio, TX 124,000 6,591 10,373 12/22 Total Transferred to Real Estate Properties 3,638,000 10,682 110,623 461,329 

(1) Represents costs transferred from Prospective Development (primarily land) to Under Construction during the period. Negative amounts represent land inventory costs transferred to Under Construction. 
 (2) Included in these costs are development obligations of 134.8 million and tenant improvement obligations of 15.0 million on properties under development. 
 (3) Represents value-add acquisitions. 
 (4) Represents cumulative costs at the date of transfer. 
 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 Accumulated depreciation on real estate, development and value-add properties increased 115,197,000 during 2022 due primarily to depreciation expense of 125,199,000, offset by the sale of three operating properties totaling 287,000 square feet during 2022. 
 
 Real Estate Assets Held for Sale 
 Real estate assets held for sale decreased 5,695,000 during 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owned one operating property, Metro Business Park, that was classified as held for sale on the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet. The property was sold, and a gain on the sale was recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2022. The Company did not classify any properties as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. 

28 

Other Assets 
 Other assets increased 62,724,000 during 2022. A summary of Other assets follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Leasing costs (principally commissions) 140,273 116,772 Accumulated amortization of leasing costs (48,249) (42,193) Leasing costs (principally commissions), net of accumulated amortization 92,024 74,579 Acquired in-place lease intangibles 37,181 31,561 Accumulated amortization of acquired in-place lease intangibles (16,276) (13,038) Acquired in-place lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization 20,905 18,523 Acquired above market lease intangibles 496 885 Accumulated amortization of acquired above market lease intangibles (251) (508) Acquired above market lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization 245 377 Straight-line rents receivable 61,452 51,970 Accounts receivable 9,568 7,133 Interest rate swap assets 38,352 2,237 Right of use assets Office leases (operating) 2,050 1,984 Escrow deposits and prepaid costs for pending transactions 2,522 3,864 Goodwill 990 990 Prepaid insurance 2,681 7,793 Receivable for tenant improvement cost reimbursements 364 7,680 Prepaid expenses and other assets 13,791 5,090 Total Other assets 
 244,944 182,220 

Liabilities 
 Unsecured bank credit facilities, net of debt issuance costs decreased 38,612,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly due to repayments of 981,383,000 and new debt issuance costs incurred during the year, partially offset by borrowings of 942,173,000 and the amortization of debt issuance costs during the year. The Company s credit facilities are described in greater detail below under Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 
 Unsecured debt, net of debt issuance costs increased 448,689,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to closing 525,000,000 of unsecured debt and the amortization of debt issuance costs, partially offset by the repayment of a 75,000,000 term loan in February and new debt issuance costs incurred during the period. The borrowings and repayments on Unsecured debt, net of debt issuance costs are described in greater detail under Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 
 Secured debt, net of debt issuance costs decreased 111,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease resulted from regularly scheduled principal payments of 96,000 and amortization of premiums on Secured debt , partially offset by the amortization of debt issuance costs during the year. Also during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company assumed a 60,000,000 loan in the acquisition of operating properties and development land, which was repaid with no penalty during the same period. 

29 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses increased 27,228,000 during 2022. A summary of the Company s Accounts payable and accrued expenses follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Property taxes payable 6,823 4,494 Development costs payable 21,305 17,529 Retainage payable 11,011 10,576 Real estate improvements and capitalized leasing costs payable 5,182 5,798 Interest payable 9,597 6,547 Dividends payable 55,952 46,864 Book overdraft (1) 
 13,370 4,845 Other payables and accrued expenses 13,748 13,107 Total Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 136,988 109,760 
 
 (1) Represents checks written before the end of the period which have not cleared the bank; therefore, the bank has not yet advanced cash to the Company. When the checks clear the bank, they will be funded through the Company s working cash line of credit, which is included in the Company s Unsecured bank credit facilities. See Note 1(p) in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Other liabilities increased 1,328,000 during 2022. A summary of the Company s Other liabilities follows: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Security deposits 34,272 28,343 Prepaid rent and other deferred income 17,004 16,401 Operating lease liabilities Ground leases 19,906 22,898 Operating lease liabilities Office leases 
 2,139 2,032 Acquired below market lease intangibles 10,735 8,124 Accumulated amortization of acquired below-market lease intangibles 
 (3,957) (2,707) Acquired below market lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization 6,778 5,417 Interest rate swap liabilities 1,981 935 Tenant improvement cost liabilities 1,570 2,796 Other liabilities 16 3,516 Total Other liabilities 
 83,666 82,338 
 
 Equity 
 Additional paid-in capital increased 364,701,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to: (i) the issuance of 1,868,809 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation, the owner of an industrial real estate portfolio comprised of 14 operating properties and two parcels of land, in the net amount of 303,682,000 (see Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details); (ii) the issuance of common stock under the Company s continuous common equity offering program (as discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources ); and (iii) activity related to stock-based compensation (as discussed in Note 10 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). EastGroup issued 393,406 shares of common stock under its continuous common equity offering program with net proceeds to the Company of 75,375,000. 
 
 During 2022, Distributions in excess of earnings increased 16,842,000 as a result of dividends on common stock of 203,024,000 exceeding Net Income Attributable to EastGroup Properties, Inc. Common Stockholders of 186,182,000. 
 
 30 

Accumulated other comprehensive income increased 35,069,000 during 2022. The increase resulted from the change in fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps (cash flow hedges) which are further discussed in Notes 11 and 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 31 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net Income Attributable to EastGroup Properties, Inc. Common Stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 186,182,000 4.37 per basic and 4.36 per diluted share) compared to 157,557,000 3.91 per basic and 3.90 per diluted share) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following paragraphs explain the change: 
 
 PNOI increased by 58,798,000 1.38 per diluted share) for 2022 as compared to 2021. PNOI increased 27,392,000 from newly developed and value-add properties, 20,084,000 from same property operations and 14,894,000 from 2021 and 2022 acquisitions; PNOI decreased 3,026,000 from operating properties sold in 2021 and 2022. For the year 2022, lease termination fee income was 2,708,000 compared to 1,411,000 for 2021. The Company recorded net reserves for uncollectible rent of 138,000 in 2022 and net recoveries for uncollectible rent of 475,000 in 2021. Straight-lining of rent increased PNOI by 9,991,000 and 8,698,000 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 EastGroup recognized gains on sales of real estate investments of 40,999,000 0.96 per diluted share) during 2022 compared to 38,859,000 0.96 per diluted share) during 2021. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased by 26,539,000 0.62 per diluted share) during 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 EastGroup entered into 114 leases with certain rent concessions on 4,798,000 square feet during 2022 with total rent concessions of 7,378,000 over the lives of the leases, compared to 174 leases with rent concessions on 5,677,000 square feet with total rent concessions of 11,007,000 over the lives of the leases in 2021. 
 
 The Company s percentage of leased square footage for the operating portfolio was 98.7 at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Occupancy at the end of 2022 for the operating portfolio was 98.3 compared to 97.4 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Same property average occupancy represents the average month-end percentage of leased square footage for which the lease term has commenced as compared to the total leasable square footage for the same operating properties owned during the entire current and prior year reporting periods (January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022). Same property average occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 98.2 compared to 97.5 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The same property average rental rate calculated in accordance with GAAP represents the average annual rental rates of leases in place for the same operating properties owned during the entire current and prior year reporting periods (January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022). The same property average rental rate was 7.06 per square foot for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 6.64 per square foot for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

32 

Interest Expense increased 5,554,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table presents the components of Interest Expense for 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) VARIABLE RATE INTEREST EXPENSE Unsecured bank credit facilities interest - variable rate 
 (excluding amortization of facility fees and debt issuance costs) 
 4,241 962 3,279 Amortization of facility fees - unsecured bank credit facilities 713 751 (38) Amortization of debt issuance costs - unsecured bank credit facilities 650 606 44 Total variable rate interest expense 5,604 2,319 3,285 FIXED RATE INTEREST EXPENSE Unsecured debt interest (1) (excluding amortization of debt issuance costs) 
 44,492 37,443 7,049 Secured debt interest (excluding amortization of debt issuance costs) 
 89 1,521 (1,432) Amortization of debt issuance costs - unsecured debt 704 589 115 Amortization of debt issuance costs - secured debt 3 101 (98) Total fixed rate interest expense 45,288 39,654 5,634 Total interest 50,892 41,973 8,919 Less capitalized interest (12,393) (9,028) (3,365) TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE 38,499 32,945 5,554 
 
 (1) Includes interest on the Company s unsecured debt with fixed interest rates per the debt agreements or effectively fixed interest rates due to interest rate swaps, as discussed in Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 EastGroup s variable rate interest expense increased by 3,285,000 for 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to increases in the Company s average borrowings and weighted average variable interest rates on its unsecured bank credit facilities as shown in the following table: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Increase (Decrease) (In thousands, except rates of interest) Average borrowings on unsecured bank credit facilities - variable rate 182,478 95,629 86,849 Weighted average variable interest rates 
 (excluding amortization of facility fees and debt issuance costs) 
 2.32 1.01 
 
 The Company s fixed rate interest expense increased by 5,634,000 for 2022 as compared to 2021 as a result of the unsecured debt and secured debt described below. 

33 

Interest expense from fixed rate unsecured debt increased by 7,049,000 during 2022 as compared to 2021 as a result of the Company s unsecured debt activity described below. The details of the unsecured debt obtained in 2021 and 2022 are shown in the following table: 
 
 NEW UNSECURED DEBT IN 2021 and 2022 
 Effectively Fixed Interest Rate Date Obtained Maturity Date Amount (In thousands) 50 Million Senior Unsecured Term Loan (1) 
 1.58 03/18/2021 03/18/2025 50,000 125 Million Senior Unsecured Notes 2.74 06/10/2021 06/10/2031 125,000 100 Million Senior Unsecured Term Loan (2) 
 3.06 03/31/2022 09/29/2028 100,000 150 Million Senior Unsecured Notes 3.03 04/20/2022 04/20/2032 150,000 50 Million Senior Unsecured Term Loan (3) 
 4.09 08/31/2022 08/30/2024 50,000 75 Million Senior Unsecured Term Loan (4) 
 4.00 08/31/2022 08/31/2027 75,000 75 Million Senior Unsecured Notes 4.90 10/12/2022 10/12/2033 75,000 75 Million Senior Unsecured Notes 4.95 10/12/2022 10/12/2034 75,000 Weighted Average/Total Amount for 2021 and 2022 
 3.46 700,000 
 
 (1) The interest rate on this unsecured term loan is comprised of Term SOFR plus 110 basis points subject to a pricing grid for changes in the Company s coverage ratings. The Company entered into an interest rate swap to convert the loan s Term SOFR rate to a fixed interest rate, providing the Company a weighted average effectively fixed interest rate on the term loan of 1.58 as of December 31, 2022. See Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the interest rate swaps. 
 (2) The interest rate on this unsecured term loan is comprised of Term SOFR plus 140 basis points subject to a pricing grid for changes in the Company s coverage ratings. The Company entered into an interest rate swap to convert the loan s Term SOFR rate to a fixed interest rate, providing the Company an effectively fixed interest rate on the term loan of 3.06 as of December 31, 2022. See 
 Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the interest rate swaps. 
 (3) The interest rate on this unsecured term loan is comprised of Term SOFR plus 95 basis points subject to a pricing grid for changes in the Company s coverage ratings. The Company entered into an interest rate swap to convert the loan s Term SOFR rate to a fixed interest rate, providing the Company an effectively fixed interest rate on the term loan of 4.09 as of December 31, 2022. See 
 Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the interest rate swaps. 
 (4) The interest rate on this unsecured term loan is comprised of Term SOFR plus 95 basis points subject to a pricing grid for changes in the Company s coverage ratings. The Company entered into an interest rate swap to convert the loan s Term SOFR rate to a fixed interest rate, providing the Company an effectively fixed interest rate on the term loan of 4.00 as of December 31, 2022. See Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the interest rate swaps. 
 
 The increase in interest expense from the new unsecured debt was partially offset by the repayment of the following unsecured loans during 2021 and 2022: 
 UNSECURED DEBT REPAID IN 2021 AND 2022 
 Interest Rate Date Repaid Payoff Amount (In thousands) 40 Million Senior Unsecured Term Loan 2.34 07/30/2021 40,000 75 Million Senior Unsecured Term Loan 3.03 02/28/2022 75,000 Weighted Average/Total Amount for 2021 and 2022 
 2.79 115,000 
 
 EastGroup also closed on the refinance of a 100,000,000 senior unsecured term loan in March 2022 reducing the effectively fixed interest rate by approximately 60 basis points. This refinance partially offset the increase in interest expense from fixed rate unsecured debt. 
 
 The increase in interest expense from unsecured debt was partially offset by a decrease in secured debt interest expense, which decreased by 1,432,000 in 2022 as compared to 2021 as a result of regularly scheduled principal payments and the payoffs described in the table below. Regularly scheduled principal payments on secured debt were 96,000 during 2022 and 2,989,000 in 2021. During 2022, the Company assumed a 60,000,000 loan in partial consideration of the acquisition of operating properties and development land, which was repaid with no penalty during the same period. There was no other secured debt obtained or repaid in 2022. 

34 

The details of the secured debt repaid in 2021 are shown in the following table: 
 SECURED DEBT REPAID IN 2021 
 Interest Rate Date Repaid Payoff Amount (In thousands) Colorado Crossing Distribution Center, Interstate Warehouse 1-3, Rojas Commerce Park, Steele Creek Commerce Park 1 2, Venture Warehouses and World Houston Int l Business Ctr 3, 4 6-9 4.75 03/08/2021 40,841 Arion Business Park 18, Beltway Crossing Business Park 6 7, Commerce Park Center 2 3, Concord Distribution Center, Interstate Warehouse 5-7, Lakeview Business Center, Ridge Creek Distribution Center 2, Southridge Commerce Park 4 5 and World Houston Int l Business Ctr 32 4.09 10/07/2021 33,090 Weighted Average/Total Amount for 2021 
 4.45 73,931 
 
 EastGroup did not obtain any new secured debt during 2021. 
 
 Interest costs during the period of construction of real estate properties are capitalized and offset against interest expense. Capitalized interest increased by 3,365,000 for 2022 as compared to 2021, due to increased borrowing rates and changes in development spending. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 26,539,000 for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the operating properties acquired by the Company during 2021 and 2022 and the properties transferred from Development and value-add properties in 2021 and 2022, partially offset by operating properties sold in 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Gain on sales of real estate investments, which includes gains on the sales of operating properties, increased 2,140,000 for 2022 as compared to 2021. The Company s 2021 and 2022 sales transactions are described below in Real Estate Sold and Held for Sale. 
 
 Real Estate Improvements 
 Real estate improvements for EastGroup s operating properties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Estimated Useful Life Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Upgrade on Acquisitions 40 yrs 618 1,337 Tenant Improvements: New Tenants Lease Life 13,224 13,603 Renewal Tenants Lease Life 3,687 3,935 Other: Building Improvements 5-40 yrs 9,853 8,044 Roofs 5-15 yrs 6,611 8,007 Parking Lots 3-5 yrs 3,482 1,570 Other 5 yrs 1,969 1,399 Total Real Estate Improvements (1) 
 39,444 37,895 
 
 (1) Reconciliation of Total Real Estate Improvements to Real Estate Improvements on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Total Real Estate Improvements 39,444 37,895 Change in Real Estate Property Payables 197 (26) Change in Construction in Progress 1,210 (1,204) Real Estate Improvements on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 40,851 36,665 

35 

Capitalized Leasing Costs 
 The Company s leasing costs (principally commissions) are capitalized and included in Other assets . The costs are amortized over the terms of the associated leases, and the amortization is included in Depreciation and amortization expense. Capitalized leasing costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Estimated Useful Life Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Development and Value-Add Lease Life 14,366 12,280 New Tenants Lease Life 10,392 10,990 Renewal Tenants Lease Life 12,095 10,111 Total Capitalized Leasing Costs (1) 
 36,853 33,381 Amortization of Leasing Costs 18,950 16,209 
 (1) Reconciliation of Total Capitalized Leasing Costs to Leasing commissions on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Total Capitalized Leasing Costs 36,853 33,381 Change in Leasing Commissions Payables 419 (80) Leasing Commissions on the 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 37,272 33,301 
 
 Real Estate Sold and Held for Sale 
 The Company considers a real estate property to be held for sale when it meets the criteria established under ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, including when it is probable that the property will be sold within a year. Real estate properties held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs to sell and are not depreciated while they are held for sale. The Company did not classify any properties as held for sale as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owned one operating property, Metro Business Park, that was classified as held for sale on the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet. The property was sold in the first quarter of 2022, and the Company recorded a gain on the sale in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 360 and ASC 205, the Company would report a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results when the component or group of components meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale or when the component or group of components is disposed of by sale or other than by sale. In addition, the Company would provide additional disclosures about both discontinued operations and the disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. EastGroup performs an analysis of properties sold to determine whether the sales qualify for discontinued operations presentation. 
 
 The Company does not consider its sales in 2021 and 2022, or the property classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021, to be disposals of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the entity s operations and financial results. 

36 

A summary of Gain on sales of real estate investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: 
 
 REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES SOLD Location Size Date Sold Net Sales Price Basis Recognized Gain (In square feet) (In thousands) 2022 Metro Business Park Phoenix, AZ 189,000 01/06/2022 32,851 5,880 26,971 Cypress Creek Business Park (1) 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL 56,000 03/31/2022 5,282 1,901 3,381 World Houston 15 East Houston, TX 42,000 05/11/2022 12,873 2,226 10,647 Total for 2022 287,000 51,006 10,007 40,999 2021 Jetport Commerce Park Tampa, FL 284,000 11/09/2021 44,260 5,401 38,859 
 (1) Cypress Creek Business Park is located on a ground lease. In conjunction with the sale of the property, the Company fully amortized the associated right-of-use asset and liability of 1,745,000. 
 
 The Company did not sell any land during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Gains and losses on the sales of operating properties are included in Gain on sales of real estate investments on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. See Notes 1(f) and 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information related to discontinued operations and gains and losses on sales of real estate investments. 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 A discussion of changes in the Company s results of operations between 2021 and 2020 has been omitted from this Form 10-K and can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under 2021 Compared to 2020 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 EastGroup has evaluated all FASB Accounting Standards Updates ASU recently released by the FASB through the date the financial statements were issued and determined that the following ASUs apply to the Company. 
 
 ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , applies to the Company. Also, in December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 ASU 2022-06 which was issued to defer the sunset date of Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. ASU 2022-06 is effective immediately for all companies. ASU 2022-06 had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 12 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for further evaluation of these ASUs. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 316,501,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The primary other sources of cash were from borrowings on unsecured bank credit facilities; proceeds from unsecured debt; proceeds from common stock offerings; and net proceeds from sales of real estate investments. The Company distributed 193,936,000 in common stock dividends during 2022. Other primary uses of cash were for repayments on unsecured bank credit facilities, unsecured debt and secured debt; the construction and development of properties; purchases of real estate; capital improvements at various properties; and leasing commissions. 
 
 The Company anticipates that its current cash balance, operating cash flows, borrowings under its unsecured bank credit facilities, proceeds from new debt and/or proceeds from the issuance of equity instruments will be adequate for (i) operating and administrative expenses, (ii) normal repair and maintenance expenses at its properties, (iii) debt service obligations, (iv) maintaining compliance with its debt covenants, (v) distributions to stockholders, (vi) capital improvements, (vii) purchases of properties, (viii) development, and (ix) any other normal business activities of the Company, both in the short-term and long-term. The Company expects liquidity sources and needs in future years to be consistent in nature with those for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 37 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was contractually obligated to pay the dividend declared in December 2022, which was paid in January 2023. An amount for dividends payable of 55,952,000 was included in Accounts payable and accrued expenses at December 31, 2022, which includes dividends payable on unvested restricted stock of 1,610,000, which are subject to continued service and will be paid upon vesting in future periods. 
 
 Total debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is detailed below. The Company s unsecured bank credit facilities and unsecured debt instruments have certain restrictive covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage, and the Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Unsecured bank credit facilities - variable rate, carrying amount (1) 
 170,000 209,210 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (1,546) (2,144) Unsecured bank credit facilities, net of debt issuance costs 168,454 207,066 Unsecured debt - fixed rate, carrying amount (2) (3) 
 1,695,000 1,245,000 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (3,741) (2,430) Unsecured debt, net of debt issuance costs 1,691,259 1,242,570 Secured debt - fixed rate, carrying amount (2) (4) 
 2,041 2,156 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 (10) (14) Secured debt, net of debt issuance costs 2,031 2,142 Total debt, net of debt issuance costs 1,861,744 1,451,778 
 
 (1) The Company s balances under its unsecured bank credit facilities change depending on the Company s cash needs and, as such, both the principal amounts and the interest rates are subject to variability. 
 (2) These loans have a fixed interest rate or an effectively fixed interest rate due to interest rate swaps. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, obligations due in less than one year include maturing principal balances of 115,000,000 and interest of 53,414,000; remaining principal balances maturing in greater than one year include 1,580,000,000 and interest of 284,744,000. 
 (4) As of December 31, 2022, obligations due in less than one year include principal amortization of 119,000 and interest of 76,000; remaining principal maturing in greater than one year includes 1,922,000 and interest of 203,000. 
 
 Until June 29, 2021, EastGroup had 350,000,000 and 45,000,000 unsecured bank credit facilities with margins over LIBOR of 100 basis points, facility fees of 20 basis points and maturity dates of July 30, 2022. The Company amended and restated these credit facilities on June 29, 2021, expanding their capacities to 425,000,000 and 50,000,000, respectively, as detailed below. 
 
 The Company s 425,000,000 unsecured bank credit facility is with a group of nine banks and has a maturity date of July 30, 2025. The credit facility contains options for two six-month extensions (at the Company s election) and a 325,000,000 accordion (with agreement by all parties). The interest rate on each tranche is reset on a monthly basis and as of December 31, 2022, was LIBOR plus 77.5 basis points with an annual facility fee of 15 basis points. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 170,000,000 of variable rate borrowings on this unsecured bank credit facility with a weighted average interest rate of 5.146 . The Company has a standby letter of credit of 67,000 pledged on this facility. 
 
 The Company s 50,000,000 unsecured bank credit facility has a maturity date of July 30, 2025, or such later date as designated by the bank; the Company also has two six-month extensions available if the extension options in the 425,000,000 facility are exercised. The interest rate is reset on a daily basis and as of December 31, 2022, was LIBOR plus 77.5 basis points with an annual facility fee of 15 basis points. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was 5.167 with no outstanding balance. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup amended its unsecured bank credit facilities, effective January 2023, to expand the total capacity on its unsecured bank credit facilities from 475,000,000 to 675,000,000 and to replace LIBOR with SOFR as the benchmark interest rate. The maturity date remains July 30, 2025. 
 
 38 

For both facilities, the margin and facility fee are subject to changes in the Company s credit ratings. Although the Company s current credit rating is Baa2, given the strength of the Company s key credit metrics, initial pricing for the credit facilities is based on the BBB+/Baa1 credit ratings level. This favorable pricing level will be retained provided that the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the applicable agreements, remains less than 32.5 . The facilities also include a sustainability-linked pricing component pursuant to which the applicable interest margin will be reduced by one basis point if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets. 
 
 As market conditions permit, EastGroup issues equity and/or employs fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps, to replace the short-term bank borrowings. The Company believes its current operating cash flow and unsecured bank credit facilities provide the capacity to fund the operations of the Company. The Company also believes it can obtain debt financing and issue common and/or preferred equity. 
 
 For future debt issuances, the Company intends to issue primarily unsecured fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps. The Company may also access the public debt market in the future as a means to raise capital. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company and a group of lenders agreed to terms on the private placement of 150,000,000 of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.03 and a 10-year term. The notes were issued and sold on April 20, 2022 and require interest-only payments. The notes will not be and have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. 
 
 In February 2022, EastGroup repaid a 75,000,000 unsecured term loan at maturity with an effectively fixed interest rate of 3.03 . 
 
 In March 2022, the Company closed a 100,000,000 senior unsecured term loan with a 6.5-year term and interest only payments, which bears interest at the annual rate of SOFR plus an applicable margin (1.40 as of December 31, 2022) based on the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt rating. The Company also entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert the loan s SOFR rate component to a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan providing a total effectively fixed interest rate of 3.06 . 
 
 Also during March 2022, the Company closed on the refinance of a 100,000,000 senior unsecured term loan with five years remaining. The amended term loan provides for interest only payments currently at an interest rate of SOFR plus 95 basis points, based on the Company s current credit ratings and consolidated leverage ratio, which is a 60 basis point reduction in the credit spread compared to the original term loan. The Company has an interest rate swap agreement which converts the loan s SOFR rate component to a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan, providing a total effectively fixed interest rate of 1.80 . 
 
 In June 2022, the Company assumed a 60,000,000 loan in connection with the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation, the owner of an industrial real estate portfolio comprised of 14 operating properties and two parcels of land, which was immediately repaid with no penalty during June 2022. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company closed a 125,000,000 senior unsecured term loan with interest only payments, bearing interest at the annual rate of SOFR plus an applicable margin based on the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt rating and consolidated leverage ratio. The loan has a 75,000,000 tranche with a five-year term and a 50,000,000 tranche with a two-year term. The Company also entered into interest rate swap agreements to convert the loans SOFR rate components to fixed interest rates for the entire term of the loans, providing total effectively fixed interest rates of 4.00 and 4.09 on the 75,000,000 and 50,000,000 tranches, respectively. These term loans also include a sustainability-linked pricing component pursuant to which, if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets, the applicable interest margin will be reduced by one basis point. 
 
 In July 2022, the Company and a group of lenders agreed to terms on the private placement of two senior unsecured notes totaling 150,000,000. One note for 75,000,000 has an 11-year term and a fixed interest rate of 4.90 with semi-annual interest-only payments. The other 75,000,000 note has a 12-year term and a fixed interest rate of 4.95 with semi-annual interest-only payments. The notes, dated August 16, 2022, were issued and sold on October 12, 2022. The notes will not be and have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company agreed to terms on a 100,000,000 senior unsecured term loan with interest only payments, bearing interest at the annual rate of SOFR plus an applicable margin based on the Company s senior 
 39 

unsecured long-term debt rating. The loan closed and funded in January 2023, subsequent to year end, and has a seven-year term. The Company also entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert the loan s SOFR rate component to a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan, providing a total effectively fixed interest rate of 5.27 . 
 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority announced it intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, announced its intention to cease publication of certain LIBOR settings after 2021, while continuing to publish overnight and one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates through June 30, 2023. While this announcement extended the transition period to June 2023, the United States Federal Reserve Board and other regulatory bodies concurrently issued guidance encouraging banks and other financial market participants to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event no later than December 31, 2021. In the U.S., the AARC, which was convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has recommended that SOFR plus a recommended spread adjustment as its preferred alternative to LIBOR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. 
 
 We expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. As a result, all of the Company s LIBOR-based borrowings and hedges that extend beyond such date have been amended to modify the index from LIBOR to SOFR. Concurrently, the related swaps were amended to reference SOFR rather than LIBOR. The transition did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. While we expect LIBOR to be available in substantially its current form until June 30, 2023, it is possible that LIBOR will become unavailable prior to that point. This could result, for example, if sufficient banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and may be magnified. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, EastGroup entered into sales agreements (the December 2019 Sales Agreements with each of BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; BofA Securities, Inc.; BTIG, LLC; Jefferies LLC; Raymond James Associates, Inc.; Regions Securities LLC; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in connection with the establishment of a new continuous common equity offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell shares of its common stock with an aggregate gross sales price of up to 750,000,000 from time to time (the Prior Program ). On July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a sales agreement (together with the December 2019 Sales Agreements, the Prior Sales Agreements with TD Securities (USA) LLC, which is substantially similar to the December 2019 Sales Agreements, and entered into corresponding amendments to the December 2019 Sales Agreements to include TD Securities (USA) LLC as a participating sales agent. Pursuant to these Prior Sales Agreements, the shares could be offered and sold in transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Since its establishment in 2019, the Company sold an aggregate of 2,654,511 shares of common stock under the Prior Program with gross proceeds of 444,533,000. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup issued and sold 393,406 shares of common stock under its Prior Program at an average price of 194.17 per share with gross proceeds to the Company of 76,386,000. The Company incurred offering-related costs of 1,011,000 during the year, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 75,375,000. 
 
 On December 16, 2022, EastGroup entered into a sales agreement (the 2022 Sales Agreement with each of Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; BofA Securities, Inc.; BTIG, LLC; Jefferies LLC; Raymond James Associates, Inc.; Regions Securities LLC; Samuel A. Ramirez Company, Inc.; TD Securities (USA) LLC; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in connection with the establishment of a new continuous common equity offering program pursuant to which the Company may sell shares of its common stock with an aggregate gross sales price of up to 750,000,000 from time to time (the Current Program ). Upon entry into the 2022 Sales Agreement, EastGroup terminated the Prior Program pursuant to the Prior Sales Agreements, and the Current Program replaced the Prior Program. As of February 15, 2023, the Company has not sold any shares of common stock under the Current Program; therefore, under the Current Program, EastGroup may in the future offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 750,000,000 through the sales agents. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,868,809 shares of common stock in the acquisition of operating properties and development land in the gross amount of 303,756,000. The Company incurred issuance-related costs of 74,000. 

40 

EastGroup s other material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 Cash Requirements (1) 
 (In thousands) Real estate property obligations (2) 
 16,097 Development and value-add obligations (3) 
 134,844 Tenant improvements obligations (4) 
 36,580 Total 187,521 
 
 (1) Cash requirement due in less than one year; there were no related long-term cash requirements. 
 (2) Represents commitments on real estate properties, except for tenant improvement allowance obligations. 
 (3) Represents commitments on properties in the Company s development and value-add program, except for tenant improvement allowance obligations. 
 (4) Represents tenant improvement allowance obligations. 
 
 The Company has no material off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 41 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 The Company is exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of its unsecured bank credit facilities and long-term debt maturities. This debt is used to maintain liquidity and fund capital expenditures and expansion of the Company s real estate investment portfolio and operations. The Company s objective for interest rate risk management is to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower its overall borrowing costs. The Company has two variable rate unsecured bank credit facilities as discussed under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As market conditions permit, EastGroup issues equity and/or employs fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps, to replace the short-term bank borrowings. The Company s interest rate swaps are discussed in Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The table below presents the principal payments due and weighted average interest rates, which include the impact of interest rate swaps, for both the fixed rate and variable rate debt as of December 31, 2022. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Fair Value Unsecured bank credit facilities - variable 
 rate (in thousands) 
 170,000 (1) 170,000 169,684 (2) 
 Weighted average 
 interest rate 
 5.15 (3) 5.15 Unsecured debt - fixed 
 rate (in thousands) 
 115,000 170,000 145,000 140,000 175,000 950,000 1,695,000 1,548,221 (4) 
 Weighted average 
 interest rate 
 2.96 3.65 3.12 2.57 2.74 3.44 3.26 Secured debt - fixed 
 rate (in thousands) 
 119 122 128 1,672 2,041 1,918 (4) 
 Weighted average 
 interest rate 
 3.85 3.85 3.85 3.85 3.85 
 
 (1) The variable rate unsecured bank credit facilities mature in July 2025 and as of December 31, 2022, have balances of on the 425 million unsecured bank credit facility and on the 50 million unsecured bank credit facility. 
 (2) The fair value of the Company s variable rate debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at current market rates, excluding the effects of debt issuance costs. 
 (3) Represents the weighted average interest rate for the Company s variable rate unsecured bank credit facilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) The fair value of the Company s fixed rate debt, including variable rate debt that has been swapped to an effectively fixed rate through the use of interest rate swaps, is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at the rates currently offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities, as advised by the Company s bankers, excluding the effects of debt issuance costs. 
 
 As the table above incorporates only those exposures that existed as of December 31, 2022, it does not consider those exposures or positions that could arise after that date. If the weighted average interest rate on the variable rate unsecured bank credit facilities, as shown above, changes by 10 , or approximately 52 basis points, interest expense and cash flows would increase or decrease by approximately 876,000 annually. This does not include variable rate debt that has been effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s unsecured bank credit facilities were indexed to LIBOR. Subsequent to year end, effective January 10, 2023, these were amended to replace LIBOR with SOFR. As of February 15, 2023, all of the Company's LIBOR-based borrowings and hedges that extend beyond June 30, 2023 (the date LIBOR is expected to cease being published) have been amended to replace LIBOR with SOFR. For a discussion of the risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR, see Risk Factors Financing Risks The discontinuation of LIBOR and the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate may adversely affect our borrowing costs and could impact our business and results of operations in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Most of the Company s leases include scheduled rent increases. Additionally, most of the Company s leases require the tenants to pay their pro rata share of operating expenses, including real estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance, thereby reducing the Company s exposure to increases in operating expenses resulting from inflation or other factors. In the event inflation causes increases in the Company s general and administrative expenses or the level of interest rates, such increased costs would not be passed through to tenants and could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 
 42 

EastGroup s financial results are affected by general economic conditions in the markets in which the Company s properties are located. The state of the economy, or other adverse changes in general or local economic conditions resulting from the inability of some of the Company s existing tenants to make lease payments and may therefore increase the reserves for uncollectible rent. It may also impact the Company s ability to (i) renew leases or re-lease space as leases expire, or (ii) lease development space. In addition, an economic downturn or recession, could also lead to an increase in overall vacancy rates or a decline in rents the Company can charge to re-lease properties upon expiration of current leases. In all of these cases, EastGroup s cash flows would be adversely affected. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 The information required by this Item 8 is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 45 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There were no material retrospective changes to the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income in any quarters in the two most recent fiscal years that would require disclosure of supplementary financial data. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 
 (i) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Company s periodic SEC filings. 
 
 (ii) Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 
 (a) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). EastGroup s Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forth in Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K on page 50 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (b) Report of the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 The report of KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, on the Company s internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Part IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K on page 51 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 43 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 44 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 Financial Statements Page The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 48 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 50 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 
 Financial Statement Schedules Page The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Schedule III Real Estate Properties and Accumulated Depreciation 
 83 
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted, or the required information is included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

45 

Exhibits The following exhibits are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of EastGroup Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 28, 2021) . 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of EastGroup Properties, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 28, 2021) . 
 4.1 
 Description of Securities incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 16, 2022). 
 10.1 
 EastGroup Properties, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of March 3, 2017 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed March 3, 2017 ). 
 10.2 
 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement entered into by and between the Company and each of Marshall A. Loeb, Brent W. Wood and John F. Coleman incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2016 ). 
 10.3 
 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between the Company and each of Ryan M. Collins and R. Reid Dunbar incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2016 ). 
 10.4 
 EastGroup Properties, Inc. Director Compensation Program Including the Independent Director Compensation Policy, as amended and restated as of May 26, 2022, pursuant to the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed July 27, 2022 ). 
 10.5 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2013, by and among EastGroup Properties, L.P., the Company and each of the Purchasers of the Notes party thereto incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 30, 2013 ). 
 10. 6 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021 among EastGroup Properties, L.P.; the Company; PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent; Regions Bank, as Syndication Agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents; PNC Capital Markets LLC as Sustainability Agent; PNC Capital Markets LLC and Regions Capital Markets, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners and the Lenders party thereto incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1, 2021 ). 
 10 .7 
 First Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2023 among EastGroup Properties, L.P.; the Company; PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent; Regions Bank, as Syndication Agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., U.S. Bank National Association and TD Bank, N.A. as Co-Documentation Agents; PNC Capital Markets LLC as Sustainability Agent; PNC Capital Markets LLC and Regions Capital Markets, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2023) . 
 10 .8 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2020, among EastGroup Properties, L.P., the Company and the purchasers of the notes party thereto (including the form of the 2.61 Series A Senior Notes due October 14, 2030 and the 2.71 Series B Senior Notes due October 14, 2032) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 21, 2020) . 
 10. 9 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2020 ). 
 10. 10 
 Form of First Amendment to the Severance and Change in Control Agreement, entered into by and between the Company and each of R. Reid Dunbar and Ryan M. Collins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2020) . 
 10.1 1 
 Form of Severance and Change in Control Agreement, entered into by and between the Company and Staci H. Tyler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2020) . 
 10.1 2 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, among EastGroup Properties, L.P., the Company and the purchasers of the notes party thereto (including the form of the 3.03 Senior Notes due April 20, 2032) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 8, 2022) . 
 10.1 3 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2022, among EastGroup Properties, L.P., the Company and the purchasers of the notes party thereto (including the forms of the 4.90 Series A Senior Notes due 2033 and the 4.95 Series B Senior Notes due 2034) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022 ). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company filed herewith ). 
 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP filed herewith ). 
 
 46 

Exhibit Number Description 24.1 
 Powers of attorney included on signature page hereto ). 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) of Marshall A. Loeb, Chief Executive Officer filed herewith ). 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) of Brent W. Wood, Chief Financial Officer filed herewith ). 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) of Marshall A. Loeb, Chief Executive Officer furnished herewith ). 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certifications (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) of Brent W. Wood, Chief Financial Officer furnished herewith ). 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (filed herewith). 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (filed herewith). 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. (filed herewith). 
 
 Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 47 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EastGroup Properties, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Estimated fair value assigned to land in an asset acquisition 
 
 As discussed in Note 1(j) to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired 482,051,000 of real estate properties and development and value-add properties during 2022 that were accounted for as asset acquisitions, of which 127,402,000 of the total purchase price was allocated to land. The purchase price in an asset acquisition is allocated among the individual components of both tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their relative fair values. 
 
 We identified the estimated fair value of land as a critical audit matter. Specifically, evaluating the relevance of comparable land sales used in the Company s determination of the estimated fair value involved subjective auditor judgment. Professionals with specialized skills and knowledge were utilized to evaluate the relevance of a selection of the comparable land sales. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness over the Company s control to review identified publicly available comparable land sales used to estimate fair value of land in an asset acquisition. We evaluated the Company s estimate of fair value of land by comparing to 
 48 

our independently established ranges of comparable land sales developed using publicly available market data and involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in this evaluation for a selection of acquisitions. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1970. Jackson, Mississippi February 15, 2023 
 
 49 

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 EastGroup s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, EastGroup conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The design of any system of internal control over financial reporting is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Based on EastGroup s evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. Ridgeland, Mississippi February 15, 2023 
 
 50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC.: 

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited EastGroup Properties, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP Jackson, Mississippi February 15, 2023 
 51 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands, except share and per share data) ASSETS Real estate properties Development and value-add properties Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate assets held for sale Unconsolidated investment Cash Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES Unsecured bank credit facilities, net of debt issuance costs Unsecured debt, net of debt issuance costs Secured debt, net of debt issuance costs Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other liabilities Total Liabilities EQUITY Stockholders Equity: Common stock; par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 
 at December 31, 2021 
 Excess shares; par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued 
 Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling interest in joint ventures Total Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 52 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) REVENUES Income from real estate operations Other revenue EXPENSES Expenses from real estate operations Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Indirect leasing costs OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sales of real estate investments Other NET INCOME Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in joint ventures ) ) ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Other comprehensive income (loss) interest rate swaps ) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME BASIC PER COMMON SHARE DATA FOR NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Net income attributable to common stockholders Weighted average shares outstanding DILUTED PER COMMON SHARE DATA FOR NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Net income attributable to common stockholders Weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Distributions In Excess Of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interest in Joint Ventures Total (In thousands, except share and per share data) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) Net income Net unrealized change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) ) Common dividends declared per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Issuance of shares of common stock, common stock offering, net of expenses 
 Withheld shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Net distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Sale of noncontrolling interest in joint venture ) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Net unrealized change in fair value of interest rate swaps Common dividends declared per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Issuance of shares of common stock, common stock offering, net of expenses 
 Withheld shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Net distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) Net income Net unrealized change in fair value of interest rate swaps Common dividends declared per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Issuance of shares of common stock, common stock offering, net of expenses 
 Issuance of shares of common stock, net of expenses in the purchase of real estate 
 Withheld shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) Withheld shares of common stock to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the issuance of common stock 
 ) ) Net distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest in joint venture ) ) ) BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

54 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Gain on sales of real estate investments ) ) ) Gain on casualties and involuntary conversion on real estate assets ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued income and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and prepaid rent ) Other NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Development and value-add properties ) ) ) Purchases of real estate ) ) ) Real estate improvements ) ) ) Net proceeds from sales of real estate investments Leasing commissions ) ) ) Proceeds from casualties and involuntary conversion on real estate assets Repayments on mortgage loans receivable Changes in accrued development costs ) Changes in other assets and other liabilities ) ) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from unsecured bank credit facilities Repayments on unsecured bank credit facilities ) ) ) Proceeds from unsecured debt Repayments on unsecured debt ) ) ) Repayments on secured debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Distributions paid to stockholders (not including dividends accrued) ) ) ) Proceeds from common stock offerings Common stock offering related costs ) ) ) Other ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized of , , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Common stock issued in the purchase of real estate Debt assumed in the purchase of real estate NON-CASH OPERATING ACTIVITY Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right of use assets 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(1) 

joint venture arrangements, acres of land in San Diego, known by the Company as the Miramar land, and acres of land in San Diego, known by the Company as the Otay Mesa land. During the year ended December 31, 2021, EastGroup began construction of Speed Distribution Center, a square foot building on the Otay Mesa land, which was completed and transferred to the Company's operating portfolio during the first quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2021, EastGroup had a controlling interest in the Miramar land and a controlling interest in Speed Distribution Center. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup acquired the noncontrolling interest in Speed Distribution Center; the Company continues to control and now owns of the property. As of December 31, 2022, EastGroup held a controlling interest in joint venture arrangement, a controlling interest in the Miramar land. 
 
 The Company records of the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the properties held in joint ventures with the noncontrolling interests provided for in accordance with the joint venture agreements. 
 
 The equity method of accounting is used for the Company s undivided tenant-in-common interest in Industry Distribution Center II. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 (b) 
 of its ordinary taxable income to its stockholders. If the Company has a capital gain, it has the option of (i) deferring recognition of the capital gain through a tax-deferred exchange, (ii) declaring and paying a capital gain dividend on any recognized net capital gain resulting in no corporate level tax, or (iii) retaining and paying corporate income tax on its net long-term capital gain, with the shareholders reporting their proportional share of the undistributed long-term capital gain and receiving a credit or refund of their share of the tax paid by the Company. The Company distributed all of its 2022, 2021 and 2020 taxable income to its stockholders. Accordingly, no significant provisions for income taxes were necessary. The Company s income tax treatment of share distributions is based on its taxable income, calculated in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code, which differs from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 
 Nondividend distributions Unrecaptured Section 1250 capital gain Other capital gain Total Common Share Distributions 
 
 EastGroup applies the principles of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes, when evaluating and accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. With few exceptions, the Company s 2018 and earlier tax years are closed for examination by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities. In accordance with the provisions of ASC 740, the Company had no significant uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (c) 
 
 56 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As permitted by ASC 842, Leases , EastGroup made an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset to not separate non-lease components (such as common area maintenance) of a contract from the lease component to which they relate when specific criteria are met. The Company believes its leases meet the criteria. 
 
 Variable lease income (1) 
 Income from real estate operations 
 
 (1) 
 
 Future Minimum Rental Receipts Under Non-Cancelable Leases 
 The Company s leases with its customers may include various provisions such as scheduled rent increases, renewal options and termination options. The majority of the Company s leases include defined rent increases rather than variable payments based on an index or unknown rate. In calculating the disclosures presented below, the Company included the fixed, non-cancelable terms of the leases. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum receipts 
 
 The Company recognizes gains on sales of real estate in accordance with the principles set forth in the Codification. For each transaction, the Company evaluates whether the guidance in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, or ASC 610, Other Income - Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets, is applicable. Upon closing of real estate transactions, the provisions of the Codification require consideration of whether the seller has a controlling financial interest in the entity that holds the nonfinancial asset after the transaction. In addition, the seller evaluates whether a contract exists under ASC 606 and whether the counterparty obtained control of each nonfinancial asset that is sold. If a contract exists and the counterparty obtained control of each nonfinancial asset, the seller derecognizes the assets at the close of the transaction with resulting gains or losses reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 (d) 
 reportable segment industrial properties, consistent with the Company s manner of internal reporting, measurement of operating results and allocation of the Company s resources. 
 57 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years for buildings and to years for improvements. Building improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repair expenses are charged to expense as incurred. Significant renovations and improvements that improve or extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized. Depreciation expense was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 (e) 
 occupancy or after completion of the shell construction, and (ii) for value-add properties, at the earlier of occupancy or after acquisition. Upon the earlier of occupancy or after completion/value-add acquisition date of the shell construction, capitalization of development costs, including interest expense, property taxes and internal personnel costs, ceases and depreciation commences on the entire property (excluding the land). 
 
 (f) 
 operating property that was classified as held for sale on the December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet. As discussed in Note 2, the property was sold and a gain on the sale was recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2022. 

(g) 
 
 58 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(i) Amortization 
 , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of facility fees was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Amortization expense for in-place lease intangibles is disclosed below in Real Estate Property Acquisitions and Acquired Intangibles . 
 
 (j) 
 , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense for in-place lease intangibles was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

59 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 EastGroup acquired real estate properties during 2022, 2021 and 2020 as discussed in Note 2. 
 
 Buildings and building improvements Tenant and other improvements Right of use assets Ground leases (operating) Total real estate properties acquired In-place lease intangibles (1) 
 Above market lease intangibles (1) 
 Below market lease intangibles (2) 
 ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities Ground leases (3) 
 ) Total assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed 
 (1) 
 (2) 

The leases in the properties acquired during 2022, 2021 and 2020 had a weighted average remaining lease term at acquisition of approximately years, years, and years, respectively. 
 
 The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of goodwill (at least annually) and the recoverability of other intangibles (on a quarterly basis) for possible impairment. No impairment of goodwill and other intangibles existed during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 (k) 
 
 60 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(l) 
 
 (m) 

(n) 
 
 (o) 
 
 (p) 

(q) 

61 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(2) 
 
 Buildings and building improvements Tenant and other improvements Right of use assets Ground leases (operating) (1) 
 Development and value-add properties (2) 
 Less accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 occupied as of the acquisition date (or will be less than 75 occupied within one year of acquisition date based on near term lease roll), or (2) or greater of the acquisition cost will be spent to redevelop the property. 

62 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6 th Street Business Center, Benicia Distribution 
 Center 1-5, Ettie Business Center, Laura 
 Alice Business Center, Preston 
 Distribution Center, Sinclair Distribution 
 Center, Transit Distribution Center and 
 Whipple Business Center (3) 
 San Francisco, CA Total operating property acquisitions VALUE-ADD PROPERTIES ACQUIRED (4) 
 Cypress Preserve 1 2 Houston, TX Zephyr Distribution Center San Francisco, CA Mesa Gateway Commerce Center Phoenix, AZ Access Point 3 Greenville, SC Total value-add property acquisitions Total acquired assets in 2022 (5) 
 2021 OPERATING PROPERTIES ACQUIRED (2) 
 Southpark Distribution Center 2 Phoenix, AZ DFW Global Logistics Centre Dallas, TX Progress Center 3 Atlanta, GA Texas Avenue Austin, TX Total operating property acquisitions VALUE-ADD PROPERTIES ACQUIRED (4) 
 Access Point 1 Greenville, SC Northpoint 200 Atlanta, GA Access Point 2 Greenville, SC Cherokee 75 Business Center 2 Atlanta, GA Siempre Viva Distribution Center 3-6 San Diego, CA Total value-add property acquisitions Total acquired assets in 2021 (5) 
 2020 OPERATING PROPERTIES ACQUIRED (2) 
 Wells Point One Austin, TX Cherokee 75 Business Center 1 Atlanta, GA The Rock at Star Business Park Dallas, TX Total operating property acquisitions VALUE-ADD PROPERTIES ACQUIRED (4) 
 Rancho Distribution Center Los Angeles, CA Total acquired assets in 2020 (5) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) . 
 (3) land parcels, also in Sacramento, CA and San Francisco, CA, in connection with its acquisition of Tulloch Corporation in June 2022. Size and cost are presented on an aggregate basis for the properties located in Sacramento, CA and San Francisco, CA, respectively. In consideration for this acquisition, the Company assumed a loan and issued shares of the Company s common stock. The acquisition date fair value of the loan assumed was , and the acquisition date fair value of the common shares, which was based on the closing share price on the acquisition date, was . 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 
 63 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

acres of development land in cities for . The land acquisitions in San Francisco and Sacramento were acquired in connection with the Company's acquisition of Tulloch Corporation in June 2022. 
 
 Also in the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired the noncontrolling partnership interest in Speed Distribution Center in San Diego for . EastGroup continues to control and now owns of the property. 
 
 Sales of Real Estate 
 The Company sold operating properties during 2022, 2021 and 2020 as shown in the table below. The results of operations and gains and losses on sales for the properties sold during the periods presented are reported in continuing operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The gains and losses on sales are included in Gain on sales of real estate investments. The Company did not consider its sales in 2022, 2021 or 2020 to be disposals of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the entity s operations and financial results. 
 
 Cypress Creek Business Park (1) 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL World Houston 15 East Houston, TX Total for 2022 2021 Jetport Commerce Park Tampa, FL 2020 University Business Center 120 (2) 
 Santa Barbara, CA Central Green Houston, TX Total for 2020 
 
 (1) . 
 (2) of University Business Center 120 through a joint venture partnership. EastGroup sold its share of the joint venture, and the partnership was dissolved. The information shown for this transaction represents EastGroup s 80 ownership. 

The table above includes sales of operating properties. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no land sales. 
 
 Development and Value-Add Properties 
 The Company s development and value-add program as of December 31, 2022, was comprised of the properties detailed in the table below. Costs incurred include capitalization of interest costs during the period of construction. The interest costs capitalized on development projects for 2022 were compared to for 2021 and for 2020. In addition, EastGroup capitalized internal development costs of during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to during 2021 and in 2020. 
 
 Total capital invested for development and value-add properties during 2022 was , which primarily consisted of costs of as detailed in the Development and Value-Add Properties Activity table below, as detailed in the Development and Value-Add Properties Transferred to the Real Estate Properties Portfolio During 2022 table below and costs of on projects subsequent to transfer to Real estate properties . These costs were partially offset by development spending prepaid in prior periods. Additionally, the Company acquired development land in the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation through the issuance of shares of the Company's common stock and the assumption of certain indebtedness, which was immediately repaid. The capitalized costs incurred on development projects subsequent to transfer to Real estate properties include capital improvements at the properties and do not include other capitalized costs associated with development (i.e., interest expense, property taxes and internal personnel costs). 

64 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Grand West Crossing 1, Houston, TX Zephyr, San Francisco, CA (3) 
 Access Point 3, Greenville, SC (3) 
 McKinney 3 4, Dallas, TX Grand Oaks 75 4, Tampa, FL Total Lease-Up UNDER CONSTRUCTION SunCoast 11, Fort Myers, FL Arlington Tech 3, Fort Worth, TX Gateway 2, Miami, FL Hillside 1, Greenville, SC I-20 West Business Center, Atlanta, GA LakePort 4 5, Dallas, TX Horizon West 1, Orlando, FL Steele Creek 11 12, Charlotte, NC Springwood 1 2, Houston, TX Stonefield 35 1-3, Austin, TX SunCoast 10, Fort Myers, FL Basswood 3-5, Fort Worth, TX McKinney 1 2, Dallas, TX Cass White 1 2, Atlanta, GA Total Under Construction Total Lease-Up and Under Construction PROSPECTIVE DEVELOPMENT (PRIMARILY LAND) Estimated Building Size (Square feet) Phoenix, AZ Sacramento, CA San Francisco, CA Fort Myers, FL ) Miami, FL ) Orlando, FL ) Tampa, FL Atlanta, GA ) Jackson, MS Charlotte, NC ) Greenville, SC ) Austin, TX ) Dallas, TX ) Fort Worth, TX ) Houston, TX ) San Antonio, TX Total Prospective Development ) Total Development and Value-Add Properties ) The Development and Value-Add Properties table is continued on the following page. 
 
 65 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Speed Distribution Center, San Diego, CA Access Point 2, Greenville, SC (3) 
 Grand Oaks 75 3, Tampa, FL Siempre Viva 3-6, San Diego, CA (3) 
 Steele Creek 8, Charlotte, NC CreekView 9 10, Dallas, TX Gateway 3, Miami, FL Ridgeview 3, San Antonio, TX Americas Ten 2, El Paso, TX Horizon West 2 3, Orlando, FL Mesa Gateway, Phoenix, AZ (3) 
 World Houston 47, Houston, TX 45 Crossing, Austin, TX Basswood 1 2, Fort Worth, TX Horizon West 4, Orlando, FL SunCoast 12, Fort Myers, FL Tri-County Crossing 5, San Antonio, TX Tri-County Crossing 6, San Antonio, TX Total Transferred to Real Estate Properties 

(1) 
 (2) million and tenant improvement obligations of million on properties under development. 
 (3) 
 (4) 

Ground Leases 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company operated properties in Florida, properties in Texas and property in Arizona that are subject to ground leases. During the year ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup sold Cypress Business Park, which was located on a ground lease. In conjunction with the sale of the property, the lease was transferred to the buyer and the Company fully amortized the associated right-of-use asset and liability of . The remaining properties with ground leases have terms of to years, expiration dates of to , and renewal options of to years, except for the one lease in Arizona which is automatically and perpetually renewed annually. The Company has included renewal options in the lease terms for calculating the ground lease assets and liabilities as the Company is reasonably certain it will exercise these options. Total ground lease expenditures for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. Payments are subject to increases at to year intervals based upon the agreed or appraised fair market value of the leased premises on the adjustment date or the Consumer Price Index percentage increase since the base rent date. These future changes in payments will be considered variable payments and will not impact the assessment of the asset or liability unless there is a significant event that triggers reassessment, such as amendment with a change in the terms of the lease. The weighted-average remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022, for the ground leases is years. 
 
 EastGroup applies ASC 842, Leases , for its ground leases, which are classified as operating leases. There were no new ground leases in 2022 or 2020. In August 2021, the Company acquired DFW Global Logistics Centre in Dallas, which is located on land under a ground lease. The Company recorded a right of use asset of in connection with this acquisition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized balances of the Company s right of use assets for its ground leases were and , respectively. The right of use assets for ground leases are included in Real estate properties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 66 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum payments Imputed interest (1) 
 ) Total ground lease liabilities 

(3) 
 
 undivided tenant-in-common interest in Industry Distribution Center II, a square foot warehouse distribution building in the City of Industry (Los Angeles), California. The building was constructed in and is leased through to a single tenant who owns the other interest in the property. This investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and had a carrying value of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. 
 
 67 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(4) 
 
 Accumulated amortization of leasing costs 
 ) ) Leasing costs (principally commissions), net of accumulated amortization Acquired in-place lease intangibles Accumulated amortization of acquired in-place lease intangibles 
 ) ) Acquired in-place lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization Acquired above market lease intangibles Accumulated amortization of acquired above market lease intangibles 
 ) ) Acquired above market lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization Straight-line rents receivable Accounts receivable Interest rate swap assets Right of use assets - Office leases (operating) Escrow deposits and prepaid costs for pending transactions Goodwill Prepaid insurance Receivable for tenant improvement cost reimbursements Prepaid expenses and other assets Total Other assets 

(5) 
 
 and unsecured bank credit facilities with margins over LIBOR of basis points, facility fees of basis points and maturity dates of . The Company amended and restated these credit facilities on June 29, 2021, expanding the capacity to and , as detailed below. 
 
 The unsecured bank credit facility is with a group of banks and has a maturity date of . The credit facility contains options for (at the Company s election) and a accordion (with agreement by all parties). The interest rate on each tranche is reset on a monthly basis and as of December 31, 2022, was LIBOR plus basis points with an annual facility fee of basis points. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of variable rate borrowings on this unsecured bank credit facility with a weighted average interest rate of . The Company has a standby letter of credit of pledged on this facility. 
 
 The Company s unsecured bank credit facility has a maturity date of , or such later date as designated by the bank; the Company also has available if the extension options in the facility are exercised. The interest rate is reset on a daily basis and as of December 31, 2022, was LIBOR plus basis points with an annual facility fee of basis points. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was with outstanding balance. 
 
 For both facilities, the margin and facility fee are subject to changes in the Company s credit ratings. Although the Company s current credit rating is , given the strength of the Company s key credit metrics, initial pricing for the credit facilities is based on the credit ratings level. This favorable pricing level will be retained provided that the Company s consolidated leverage ratio, as defined in the applicable agreements, remains less than . The facilities also include a 
 68 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

basis point. 
 
 Average unsecured bank credit facilities borrowings were in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020, with weighted average interest rates (excluding amortization of facility fees and debt issuance costs) of in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. Amortization of facility fees was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs for the Company s unsecured bank credit facilities was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company s unsecured bank credit facilities have certain restrictive covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage, and the Company was in compliance with all of its financial debt covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 6 for a detail of the outstanding balances of the Company s Unsecured bank credit facilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(6) 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unsecured bank credit facilities, net of debt issuance costs Unsecured debt - fixed rate, carrying amount (1) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unsecured debt, net of debt issuance costs Secured debt - fixed rate, carrying amount (1) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Secured debt, net of debt issuance costs Total debt, net of debt issuance costs 
 
 (1) 

69 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

65 Million Unsecured Term Loan (1) 
 70 Million Senior Unsecured Notes: 50 Million Notes Not applicable 20 Million Notes Not applicable 60 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 100 Million Senior Unsecured Notes: 60 Million Notes Not applicable 40 Million Notes Not applicable 25 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 50 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 60 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 80 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 35 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 75 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 100 Million Unsecured Term Loan (2) (3) 
 100 Million Unsecured Term Loan (2) (4) 
 100 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 75 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 50 Million Unsecured Term Loan (2) (5) 
 125 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 100 Million Unsecured Term Loan (2) 
 150 Million Senior Unsecured Notes Not applicable 125 Million Unsecured Term Loans (2) : 
 50 Million Loan 75 Million Loan 150 Million Senior Unsecured Notes: 75 Million Notes Not applicable 75 Million Notes Not applicable 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) basis points, changing the effectively fixed rate from to . Also, effective August 31, 2022, the loan was amended to replace LIBOR with Term SOFR. 
 (4) basis points, changing the effectively fixed rate from to , and LIBOR was replaced with Term SOFR. 
 (5) 
 
 70 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of senior unsecured notes with a fixed interest rate of and a -year term. The notes were issued and sold on April 20, 2022 and require interest-only payments. The notes will not be and have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
 (the Securities Act ), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. 
 
 In February 2022, EastGroup repaid a unsecured term loan at maturity with an effectively fixed interest rate of . 
 
 In March 2022, the Company closed a senior unsecured term loan with a -year term and interest only payments, which bears interest at an annual rate of the SOFR plus an applicable margin as of December 31, 2022) based on the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt rating. The Company also entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert the loan s SOFR rate component to a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan providing a total effectively fixed interest rate of . 
 
 Also during March 2022, the Company closed on the refinance of a senior unsecured term loan with remaining. The amended term loan provides for interest only payments currently at an interest rate of SOFR plus basis points, based on the Company s current credit ratings and consolidated leverage ratio, which is a basis point reduction in the credit spread compared to the original term loan. The Company has an interest rate swap agreement which converts the loan s SOFR rate component to a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan, providing a total effectively fixed interest rate of . 
 
 In June 2022, the Company assumed a loan in connection with the acquisition of Tulloch Corporation, the owner of an industrial real estate portfolio comprised of operating properties and parcels of land, which was immediately repaid with no penalty during June 2022. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company closed a senior unsecured term loan with interest only payments, bearing interest at the annual rate of SOFR plus an applicable margin as of December 31, 2022) based on the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt rating and consolidated leverage ratio. The loan has a tranche with a five -year term and a tranche with a two -year term. The Company also entered into interest rate swap agreements to convert the loans SOFR rate components to fixed interest rates for the entire term of the loans, providing total effectively fixed interest rates of and on the and tranches, respectively. These term loans also include a sustainability-linked pricing component pursuant to which, if the Company meets certain sustainability performance targets, the applicable interest margin will be reduced by basis point. 
 
 In July 2022, the Company and a group of lenders agreed to terms on the private placement of senior unsecured notes totaling . One note for has an -year term and a fixed interest rate of with semi-annual interest-only payments. The other note has a -year term and a fixed interest rate of with semi-annual interest-only payments. The notes, dated August 16, 2022, were issued and sold on October 12, 2022. The notes will not be and have not been registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, EastGroup closed on a total of of new unsecured debt with a weighted average effectively fixed interest rate of , refinanced a unsecured term loan reducing the interest rate by basis points, and repaid a unsecured term loan with an effectively fixed interest rate of . 
 
 The Company s unsecured debt instruments have certain restrictive covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage and leverage ratios and maintaining insurance coverage, and the Company was in compliance with all of its financial debt covenants at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

71 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 2025 2026 2027 

(7) 
 
 Development costs payable Retainage payable Real estate improvements and capitalized leasing costs payable Interest payable Dividends payable Book overdraft (1) 
 Other payables and accrued expenses Total Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(1) 

72 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(8) 
 
 Prepaid rent and other deferred income Operating lease liabilities Ground leases Operating lease liabilities Office leases 
 Acquired below-market lease intangibles Accumulated amortization of acquired below-market lease intangibles 
 ) ) Acquired below-market lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization Interest rate swap liabilities Tenant improvement cost liabilities Other liabilities Total Other liabilities 

(9) 
 
 Common stock offerings Common stock issued in the purchase of real estate Incentive restricted stock granted Incentive restricted stock forfeited ) Director common stock awarded Director restricted stock granted Employee common stock awarded Stock withheld for tax obligations ) ) ) Shares outstanding at end of year 
 
 The Company had an at the market equity program that allowed it to issue and sell shares of its common stock with an aggregate gross sales price of up to (the Prior ATM Program") through sales agents from time to time. 
 2021 2020 
 
 73 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(10) 
 
 shares of common stock to employees in the form of options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, deferred stock units, performance shares, bonus stock or stock in lieu of cash compensation. The 2004 Plan was further amended by the Board of Directors in September 2005 and December 2006. 
 
 In April 2013, the Board of Directors adopted the EastGroup Properties, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Equity Plan upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee; the 2013 Equity Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective May 29, 2013. The 2013 Equity Plan was further amended by the Board of Directors in March 2017. The 2013 Equity Plan permits the grant of awards to employees and directors with respect to shares of common stock. 
 There were , and total shares available for grant under the 2013 Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Typically, the Company issues new shares to fulfill stock grants. 
 Employee Equity Awards 
 The Company s restricted stock program is designed to provide incentives for management to achieve goals established by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Committee ). The awards act as a retention device, as they vest over time, allowing participants to benefit from dividends on shares as well as potential stock appreciation. Equity awards align management s interests with the long-term interests of shareholders. 
 
 The Committee approves long-term and annual equity compensation awards for the Company s executive officers. The vesting periods of the Company s restricted stock plans vary, as determined by the Committee. Restricted stock is granted to executive officers subject to both continued service and the satisfaction of certain annual performance goals and multi-year market conditions as determined by the Committee. 
 
 Long-term equity compensation awards 
 The long-term compensation awards include components based on the Company s total shareholder return over the upcoming three -year period and the employee s continued service as of the vesting dates. The total shareholder return component is subject to bright-line tests that compare the Company s total shareholder return to the Nareit Equity Index and to the member companies of the Nareit industrial index. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected share price volatility for the Company Expected share price volatility for peer group companies - low end of range Expected share price volatility for peer group companies - high end of range Expected dividend yield Number of simulation paths Grant date fair value (in thousands) 
 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on zero coupon risk-free rates matching the three-year time period of the market performance period. The expected share price volatilities are based on a mix of the historical and implied volatilities of the Company and the peer group companies. The expected dividend yield is based on the expected annual cash dividend as of the valuation date divided by the Company s stock price on the valuation date. These market based awards are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period vests at the end of the three-year performance period and vests the following year). 

74 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Performance period Range of earnable shares - low end of range Range of earnable shares - high end of range Shares determined 

(1) 
 
 The long term awards subject only to continuing employment are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period vests in each of the following four years). 
 Shares granted Grant date share price 
 
 Annual equity compensation awards 
 The annual equity compensation awards include components based on certain annual Company performance measures and individual annual performance goals over the upcoming year. The certain Company performance measures for 2022 are: (i) funds from operations FFO per share, (ii) cash same property net operating income change, (iii) debt-to-EBITDAre ratio, and (iv) fixed charge coverage. The Company begins recognizing expense for its estimate of the shares that could be earned pursuant to these awards on the grant date; the expense is adjusted to estimated performance levels during the performance period and to actual upon the determination of the awards. The shares are expensed using the graded vesting attribution method which recognizes each separate vesting portion of the award as a separate award on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period vests at the end of the one -year performance period and vests in each of the following two years). 
 
 Performance period Range of earnable shares - low end of range Range of earnable shares - high end of range Shares determined 
 Grant date share price 
 (1) 
 
 Any shares issued pursuant to the individual annual performance goals are determined by the Committee in its discretion following the performance period. The Company begins recognizing the expense for the shares on the grant date and expenses on a straight-line basis over the remaining service period vests at the end of the one -year performance period and vests in each of the following two years). 

75 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Performance period Range of earnable shares - low end of range Range of earnable shares - high end of range Shares determined 
 Grant date share price 
 
 (1) . 
 
 Equity compensation is also awarded to the Company s non-executive officers, which are subject to service only conditions and expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period vests in each of the following five years). The total compensation expense is based upon the fair market value of the shares on the grant date. 
 Shares granted Grant date share price 
 
 The Committee has adopted an Equity Award Retirement Policy (the retirement policy which allows for accelerated vesting of unvested shares for retirement-eligible employees (defined as employees who meet certain age and years of service requirements). In order to qualify for accelerated vesting upon retirement, the eligible employees must provide required notification under the retirement policy and must retire from the Company. The Company has adjusted its stock-based compensation expense to accelerate the recognition of expense for retirement-eligible employees. 
 
 Stock-based compensation cost for employees was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which , and were capitalized as part of the Company s development costs for the respective years. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock compensation for employees and directors that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 During the restricted period for awards no longer subject to contingencies, dividends are accrued based upon the number of shares expected to be awarded. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, accrued dividends on unvested restricted stock were , and , respectively. Of the shares that vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020, shares, shares and shares, respectively, were withheld by the Company to satisfy the tax obligations for those employees who elected this option as permitted under the applicable equity plan. 

76 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and , respectively. As of the vesting dates, the aggregate fair value of shares that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Granted (1) (2) 
 Forfeited ) Vested ) ) ) Unvested at end of year 
 
 (1) . 
 (2) to . 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total Unvested Shares 
 
 Directors Equity Awards 
 The Board of Directors has adopted a policy under the 2013 Equity Plan pursuant to which awards will be made to non-employee Directors. The current policy provides that the Company shall automatically award an annual restricted share award to each non-employee Director who has been elected or re-elected as a member of the Board of Directors at the Annual Meeting. The number of shares shall be equal to divided by the fair market value of a share on the date of such election. If a non-employee Director is elected or appointed to the Board of Directors other than at an Annual Meeting of the Company, the annual restricted share award shall be pro rated. The restricted shares vest in full on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the date of grant or the next annual meeting of shareholders following the date of grant, subject to the non-employee director s continued service on the Board through such vesting date, subject to certain exceptions. The shares are expensed on a straight-line basis over the service period. The policy also provides that each new non-employee Director appointed or elected will receive an automatic award of restricted shares of Common Stock on the effective date of election or appointment equal to divided by the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on such date. These restricted shares will vest per year over a -year period upon the performance of future service as a Director, subject to certain exceptions. The shares are expensed on a straight-line basis over the service period. 
 
 Directors were granted shares of common stock as annual restricted share awards for 2022. Directors were issued shares and shares of common stock as annual retainer awards for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for directors was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

77 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and , respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Activity: Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested at beginning of year Granted Forfeited Vested ) ) ) Unvested at end of year 

(11) 

) Other comprehensive income (loss) - interest rate swaps ) Balance at end of year ) 

(12) 
 interest rate swaps outstanding, all of which are used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with unsecured loans. All of the Company s interest rate swaps convert the related loans LIBOR or SOFR rate components to effectively fixed interest rates, and the Company has concluded that each of the hedging relationships is highly effective. 
 
 78 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

will be reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a decrease to Interest expense over the next twelve months. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s valuation methodology for over-the-counter OTC derivatives was to discount cash flows based on Overnight Index Swap OIS rates. Uncollateralized or partially-collateralized trades were discounted at OIS rates, but included appropriate economic adjustments for funding costs and credit risk. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company discontinued using OIS discount factors, and replaced them with SOFR discount factors primarily as a result of recent developments in market conditions. The Company calculates its derivative values using mid-market prices . 
 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority announced it intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, announced its intention to cease publication of certain LIBOR settings after 2021, while continuing to publish overnight and one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month U.S. dollar LIBOR rates through June 30, 2023. While this announcement extended the transition period to June 2023, the United States Federal Reserve Board and other regulatory bodies concurrently issued guidance encouraging banks and other financial market participants to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event no later than December 31, 2021. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, which was convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has recommended that the SOFR plus a recommended spread adjustment as its preferred alternative to USD-LIBOR. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. 
 
 We expect that all LIBOR settings relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. As a result, all of the Company s LIBOR-based borrowings and hedges that extend beyond such date have been amended to modify the index from LIBOR to SOFR. Concurrently, the related swaps were amended to reference SOFR rather than LIBOR. The transition did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. While we expect LIBOR to be available in substantially its current form until June 30, 2023, it is possible that LIBOR will become unavailable prior to that point. This could result, for example, if sufficient banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and may be magnified. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . ASU 2020-04 contains practical expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. The guidance in ASU 2020-04 is optional and may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. The Company elected to apply the hedge accounting expedients related to probability and the assessments of effectiveness for future LIBOR-indexed cash flows to assume that the index upon which future hedged transactions will be based matches the index on the corresponding derivatives. Application of these expedients preserves the presentation of derivatives consistent with past presentation. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which was issued to defer the sunset date of Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. ASU 2022-06 is effective immediately for all companies. ASU 2022-06 has no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company continues to evaluate the impact of the guidance and may apply other elections as applicable as additional changes in the market occur. 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap Interest Rate Swap 
 79 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other assets Interest rate swap liabilities Other liabilities Other liabilities 
 
 ) Amount of (income) loss reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into Interest expense 
 ) 
 
 See Note 11 for additional information on the Company s Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) resulting from its interest rate swaps. 
 
 Derivative financial agreements expose the Company to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties under the terms of the interest rate hedge agreements. The Company believes it minimizes the credit risk by transacting with financial institutions the Company regards as credit-worthy. 
 
 as of December 31, 2022. 

(13) 

80 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Denominator weighted average shares outstanding DILUTED EPS COMPUTATION FOR NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Numerator net income attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding Unvested restricted stock Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

(14) 
 
 of the employee s contribution (limited to of compensation as defined by the plan) and may also make annual discretionary contributions. The Company s total expense for this plan was , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(15) 

(16) 

81 

EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest rate swap assets Financial Liabilities: Unsecured bank credit facilities - variable rate (2) 
 Unsecured debt (2) 
 Secured debt (2) 
 Interest rate swap liabilities 
 
 (1) 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments: 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents: The carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short maturity of those instruments. 
 Interest rate swap assets (included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets): The instruments are recorded at fair value based on models using inputs, such as interest rate yield curves, and LIBOR or SOFR swap curves, observable for substantially the full term of the contract (Level 2 input). See Note 12 for additional information on the Company s interest rate swaps. 
 Unsecured bank credit facilities: The fair value of the Company s unsecured bank credit facilities is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at current market rates (Level 2 input), excluding the effects of debt issuance costs. 
 Unsecured debt: The fair value of the Company s unsecured debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at the rates currently offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities, as advised by the Company s bankers (Level 2 input), excluding the effects of debt issuance costs. 
 Secured debt: The fair value of the Company s secured debt is estimated by discounting expected cash flows at the rates currently offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities, as advised by the Company s bankers (Level 2 input), excluding the effects of debt issuance costs. 
 Interest rate swap liabilities (included in Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets): The instruments are recorded at fair value based on models using inputs, such as interest rate yield curves, and LIBOR or SOFR swap curves, observable for substantially the full term of the contract (Level 2 input). See Note 12 for additional information on the Company s interest rate swaps. 

(17) 
 
 senior unsecured term loan with interest only payments, bearing interest at the annual rate of SOFR plus an applicable margin based on the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt rating. The loan closed and funded in January 2023, subsequent to year end, and has a seven -year term. The Company also entered into an interest rate swap agreement to convert the loan s SOFR rate component to a fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan, providing a total effectively fixed interest rate of . 
 
 Also during the year ended December 31, 2022, EastGroup amended its unsecured bank credit facilities, effective January 2023, to expand the total capacity on its unsecured bank credit facilities from to , subsequent to year end. In conjunction with the amendment, LIBOR was replaced by SOFR as the benchmark interest rate. There were no other significant changes, and the maturity date remains . 
 
 82 

Benjamin Distribution Center 1 2 Benjamin Distribution Center 3 Palm River Center Palm River North 1 3 Palm River North 2 Palm River South 1 Palm River South 2 Walden Distribution Center 1 Walden Distribution Center 2 Oak Creek Distribution Center 1 Oak Creek Distribution Center 2 Oak Creek Distribution Center 3 Oak Creek Distribution Center 4 Oak Creek Distribution Center 5 Oak Creek Distribution Center 6 Oak Creek Distribution Center 7 Oak Creek Distribution Center 8 Oak Creek Distribution Center 9 Oak Creek Distribution Center A Oak Creek Distribution Center B Oak Creek Distribution Center C Land Airport Commerce Center Westlake Distribution Center Expressway Commerce Center 1 Expressway Commerce Center 2 
 83 

Tampa East Distribution Center Tampa West Distribution Center Madison Distribution Center Madison Distribution Center 2 3 Madison Distribution Center 4 5 Grand Oaks 75 Business Center 1 Grand Oaks 75 Business Center 2 Grand Oaks 75 Business Center 3 Orlando Chancellor Center Exchange Distribution Center 1 Exchange Distribution Center 2 Exchange Distribution Center 3 Sunbelt Distribution Center John Young Commerce Center 1 John Young Commerce Center 2 Sunport Center 1 Sunport Center 2 Sunport Center 3 Sunport Center 4 Sunport Center 5 Sunport Center 6 Southridge Commerce Park 1 Southridge Commerce Park 2 Southridge Commerce Park 3 Southridge Commerce Park 4 Southridge Commerce Park 5 Southridge Commerce Park 6 Southridge Commerce Park 7 
 84 

Southridge Commerce Park 9 Southridge Commerce Park 10 Southridge Commerce Park 11 Southridge Commerce Park 12 Horizon Commerce Park 1 Horizon Commerce Park 2 Horizon Commerce Park 3 Horizon Commerce Park 4 Horizon Commerce Park 5 Horizon Commerce Park 6 Horizon Commerce Park 7 Horizon Commerce Park 8 9 Horizon Commerce Park 10 Horizon Commerce Park 11 Horizon Commerce Park 12 Horizon West 2 3 Horizon West 4 Jacksonville Deerwood Distribution Center Phillips Distribution Center Lake Pointe Business Park Ellis Distribution Center Westside Distribution Center Beach Commerce Center Interstate Distribution Center Flagler Center Ft. Lauderdale/Palm Beach area Linpro Commerce Center Lockhart Distribution Center Interstate Commerce Center 
 85 

Sample 95 Business Park Blue Heron Distribution Center Blue Heron Distribution Center 2 Blue Heron Distribution Center 3 Weston Commerce Park Fort Myers SunCoast Commerce Center 1 SunCoast Commerce Center 2 SunCoast Commerce Center 3 SunCoast Commerce Center 4 SunCoast Commerce Center 5 SunCoast Commerce Center 6 SunCoast Commerce Center 7 SunCoast Commerce Center 8 SunCoast Commerce Center 12 Miami Gateway Commerce Park 1 Gateway Commerce Park 3 Gateway Commerce Park 4 Gateway Commerce Park 5 CALIFORNIA San Francisco area Wiegman Distribution Center 1 Wiegman Distribution Center 2 Huntwood Distribution Center San Clemente Distribution Center Yosemite Distribution Center 6th Street Business Center Benicia Distribution Center 1 
 86 

Benicia Distribution Center 3 Benicia Distribution Center 4 Benicia Distribution Center 5 Ettie Business Center Laura Alice Business Center Preston Distribution Center Sinclair Distribution Center Transit Distribution Center Whipple Business Center Los Angeles area Eucalyptus Distribution Center Kingsview Industrial Center Dominguez Distribution Center Main Street Distribution Center Walnut Business Center Washington Distribution Center Chino Distribution Center Ramona Distribution Center Industry Distribution Center 1 Industry Distribution Center 3 ) Chestnut Business Center Los Angeles Corporate Center Rancho Distribution Center Fresno Shaw Commerce Center 
 San Diego Eastlake Distribution Center Miramar Land Ocean View Corporate Center 
 87 

Rocky Point Distribution Center 2 Siempre Viva Distribution Center 1 Siempre Viva Distribution Center 2 Siempre Viva Distribution Center 3-6 Speed Distribution Center Sacramento Cebrian Distribution Center Reed Distribution Center TEXAS Dallas and Fort Worth Allen Station 1 2 Arlington Tech Centre 1 2 Basswood 1 2 Interstate Warehouse 1 2 Interstate Warehouse 3 Interstate Warehouse 4 Interstate Warehouse 5, 6, 7 LakePort 1-3 Logistics Center 6 7 Venture Warehouses ParkView Commerce Center 1-3 Shady Trail Distribution Center Valwood Distribution Center Northfield Distribution Center Parc North 1-4 Parc North 5 Parc North 6 CreekView 1 2 
 88 

CreekView 5 6 CreekView 7 8 CreekView 9 10 The Rock at Star Business Park DFW Global Logistics Centre Houston World Houston Int l Business Ctr 1 2 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 3 4 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 6 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 7 8 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 9 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 10 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 11 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 12 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 13 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 14 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 15 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 16 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 17 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 19 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 20 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 21 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 22 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 23 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 24 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 25 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 26 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 27 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 28 
 89 

World Houston Int l Business Ctr 30 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 31 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 31B World Houston Int l Business Ctr 32 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 33 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 34 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 35 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 36 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 37 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 38 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 39 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 40 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 41 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 42 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 43 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 44 World Houston Int l Business Ctr 45 World Houston Int'l Business Ctr 47 Glenmont Business Park Beltway Crossing Business Park 1 Beltway Crossing Business Park 2 Beltway Crossing Business Park 3 Beltway Crossing Business Park 4 Beltway Crossing Business Park 5 Beltway Crossing Business Park 6 Beltway Crossing Business Park 7 Beltway Crossing Business Park 8 Beltway Crossing Business Park 9 Beltway Crossing Business Park 10 
 90 

West Road Business Park 1 West Road Business Park 2 West Road Business Park 3 West Road Business Park 4 West Road Business Park 5 Ten West Crossing 1 Ten West Crossing 2 Ten West Crossing 3 Ten West Crossing 4 Ten West Crossing 5 Ten West Crossing 6 Ten West Crossing 7 Ten West Crossing 8 Northwest Crossing 1-3 El Paso Butterfield Trail Rojas Commerce Park Americas Ten Business Center 1 Americas Ten Business Center 2 San Antonio Alamo Downs Distribution Center Arion Business Park 1-13, 15 Arion Business Park 14 Arion Business Park 16 Arion Business Park 17 Arion Business Park 18 Wetmore Business Center 1-4 Wetmore Business Center 5 Wetmore Business Center 6 Wetmore Business Center 7 
 91 

Fairgrounds Business Park Rittiman Distribution Center Thousand Oaks Distribution Center 1 Thousand Oaks Distribution Center 2 Thousand Oaks Distribution Center 3 Thousand Oaks Distribution Center 4 Alamo Ridge Business Park 1 Alamo Ridge Business Park 2 Alamo Ridge Business Park 3 Alamo Ridge Business Park 4 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 1 2 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 3 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 4 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 5 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 6 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 7 8 Eisenhauer Point Business Park 9 Tri-County Crossing 1 2 Tri-County Crossing 3 4 Tri-County Crossing 5 Tri-County Crossing 6 Ridgeview 1 2 Ridgeview 3 Austin 45 Crossing Colorado Crossing Distribution Center Greenhill Distribution Center Settlers Crossing 1 Settlers Crossing 2 
 92 

Southpark Corporate Center 3 4 Southpark Corporate Center 5-7 Springdale Business Center Texas Avenue Wells Point One ARIZONA Phoenix area Broadway Industrial Park 1 Broadway Industrial Park 2 Broadway Industrial Park 3 Broadway Industrial Park 4 Broadway Industrial Park 5 Broadway Industrial Park 6 Broadway Industrial Park 7 Kyrene Distribution Center Falcon Field Business Center Southpark Distribution Center Southpark Distribution Center 2 Santan 10 Distribution Center 1 Santan 10 Distribution Center 2 Chandler Freeways Kyrene 202 Business Park 1 Kyrene 202 Business Park 2 Kyrene 202 Business Park 3, 4 5 Kyrene 202 Business Park 6 51st Avenue Distribution Center East University Distribution Center 1 2 East University Distribution Center 3 55th Avenue Distribution Center 
 93 

Interstate Commons Distribution Center 2 Interstate Commons Distribution Center 3 Airport Commons Distribution Center 40th Avenue Distribution Center Sky Harbor Business Park Sky Harbor Business Park 6 Ten Sky Harbor Business Center Gilbert Crossroads A B Gilbert Crossroads C D Mesa Gateway Commerce Center Tucson Country Club Commerce Center 1 Country Club Commerce Center 2 Country Club Commerce Center 3 4 Country Club Commerce Center 5 Airport Distribution Center Benan Distribution Center NORTH CAROLINA Charlotte area NorthPark Business Park Lindbergh Business Park Commerce Park Center 1 Commerce Park Center 2 Commerce Park Center 3 Nations Ford Business Park Airport Commerce Center Airport Commerce Center 3 Interchange Park 1 Interchange Park 2 Ridge Creek Distribution Center 1 
 94 

Ridge Creek Distribution Center 3 Lakeview Business Center Steele Creek 1 Steele Creek 2 Steele Creek 3 Steele Creek 4 Steele Creek 5 Steele Creek 6 Steele Creek 7 Steele Creek 8 Steele Creek 9 Steele Creek 10 Waterford Distribution Center SOUTH CAROLINA Greenville 385 Business Park Access Point 1 Access Point 2 GEORGIA Atlanta Shiloh 400 Business Center 1 2 Broadmoor Commerce Park 1 Broadmoor Commerce Park 2 Hurricane Shoals 1 2 Hurricane Shoals 3 Progress Center 1 2 Progress Center 3 Gwinnett 316 Cherokee 75 Business Center 1 
 95 

Northpoint 200 LOUISIANA New Orleans Elmwood Business Park Riverbend Business Park COLORADO Denver Airways Business Center Rampart Distribution Center 1 Rampart Distribution Center 2 Rampart Distribution Center 3 Rampart Distribution Center 4 Concord Distribution Center Centennial Park NEVADA Las Vegas Arville Distribution Center Jones Corporate Park Southwest Commerce Center MISSISSIPPI Jackson area Interchange Business Park Tower Automotive Metro Airport Commerce Center 1 RIGHT OF USE ASSETS, NET - GROUND LEASES (OPERATING) n/a n/a 
 96 

Hercules Land Reed Land FLORIDA SunCoast Commerce Center 10 SunCoast Commerce Center 11 SunCoast Commerce Land Gateway Commerce Park 2 Gateway Commerce Park Land Gateway South Dade Land Horizon Commerce Park Land Horizon West 1 Horizon West Land MCO Logistics Center Land Grand Oaks 75 4 Oak Creek Distribution Center Land TEXAS Arlington Tech Centre 3 Heritage Grove Land Stonefield 35 1-3 Basswood 3-5 Basswood Land LakePort 4 5 McKinney 1 2 McKinney 3 4 McKinney Land Cypress Preserve 1 2 Cypress Preserve Land Grand West Crossing 1 Grand West Crossing Land Lee Road Land 
 97 

World Houston Int l Business Ctr Land - 2011 expansion Eisenhauer Point Land Ridgeview Land ARIZONA Gateway Interchange Land NORTH CAROLINA Skyway Logistics Park Land Steele Creek 11 12 SOUTH CAROLINA Access Point 3 Hillside 1 Hillside Land Hillside 4 Land GEORGIA I-20 West Business Center Braselton Land Cameron Land Cass White 1 2 Greenway Land Riverside Parkway Land MISSISSIPPI Metro Airport Commerce Center 2 Land Total real estate owned (a)(b) 

98 

Purchases of real estate properties Development of real estate properties and value-add properties Improvements to real estate properties Right-of-use assets, net ground leases ) ) Real estate assets held for sale ) Carrying amount of investments sold ) ) ) Write-off of improvements ) ) ) Balance at end of year (1) 

(1) , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Changes in the accumulated depreciation on real estate properties follow: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Balance at beginning of year Depreciation expense Real estate assets held for sale ) Accumulated depreciation on assets sold ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 (b) before estimated accumulated tax depreciation of . The federal income tax return for the year ended December 31, 2022, has not been filed and accordingly, this estimate is based on preliminary data. 
 
 (c) years) and improvements (generally to years). 
 
 (d) occupancy or after completion of the shell construction, and (ii) for value-add properties, at the earlier of occupancy or after acquisition. Upon the earlier of occupancy or after completion of the shell construction, capitalization of development costs, including interest expense, property taxes and internal personnel costs, ceases and depreciation commences on the entire property (excluding the land). 
 
 99 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 None. 
 
 100 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 EASTGROUP PROPERTIES, INC. By: /s/ MARSHALL A. LOEB Marshall A. Loeb, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director February 15, 2023 
 
 We, the undersigned officers and directors of EastGroup Properties, Inc., hereby severally constitute and appoint Brent W. Wood as our true and lawful attorney, with full power to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and generally to do all such things in our name and behalf in such capacity to enable EastGroup Properties, Inc. to comply with the applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we hereby ratify and confirm our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorney to any and all such amendments. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ D. Pike Aloian /s/ H. Eric Bolton, Jr. D. Pike Aloian, Director H. Eric Bolton, Jr., Director February 15, 2023 February 15, 2023 /s/ Donald F. Colleran /s/ Hayden C. Eaves III Donald F. Colleran, Director Hayden C. Eaves III, Director February 15, 2023 February 15, 2023 /s/ David M. Fields /s/ Mary Elizabeth McCormick David M. Fields, Director Mary Elizabeth McCormick, Director February 15, 2023 February 15, 2023 /s/ Katherine M. Sandstrom /s/ David H. Hoster II Katherine M. Sandstrom, Director David H. Hoster II, Chairman of the Board February 15, 2023 February 15, 2023 
 
 101 

/s/ MARSHALL A. LOEB Marshall A. Loeb, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 15, 2023 /s/ STACI H. TYLER Staci H. Tyler, Senior Vice-President, Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary (Principal Accounting Officer) February 15, 2023 /s/ BRENT W. WOOD Brent W. Wood, Executive Vice-President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) February 15, 2023 
 
 102 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit2112022q4.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES (Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation) 

EastGroup Properties General Partners, Inc. (Delaware) 
 EastGroup Properties Holdings, Inc. (Delaware) 
 EastGroup TRS, Inc. (Delaware) 
 EastGroup Properties, LP (Delaware) 
 EastGroup Property Services, LLC (Delaware) 
 EastGroup Property Services of Florida, LLC (Delaware) 
 EastGroup Kearn Creek, LLC (Delaware) 
 EGP Yosemite Land, LLC (California) 
 Miramar Industrial, LLC (Delaware) 
 Otay Enrico Industial, LLC (Delaware) 
 EastGroup Gold Rush, L.P. (Delaware) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit2312022q4.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-265406, 333-268821) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-189069) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of EastGroup Properties, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP Jackson, Mississippi February 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit3112022q4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 31.1 EastGroup Properties, Inc. 
 
 I, Marshall A. Loeb, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EastGroup Properties, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s MARSHALL A. LOEB MARSHALL A. LOEB Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit3122022q4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Exhibit 31.2 EastGroup Properties, Inc. 
 
 I, Brent W. Wood, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EastGroup Properties, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 By s BRENT W. WOOD BRENT W. WOOD Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit3212022q4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Exhibit 32.1 EastGroup Properties, Inc. 
 
 In connection with the annual report of EastGroup Properties, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marshall A. Loeb, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s MARSHALL A. LOEB MARSHALL A. LOEB Chief Executive Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit3222022q4.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Exhibit 32.2 EastGroup Properties, Inc. 
 
 In connection with the annual report of EastGroup Properties, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brent W. Wood, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s BRENT W. WOOD BRENT W. WOOD Chief Financial Officer February 15, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 egp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 egp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 egp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 egp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 egp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

