<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1437352_0000950170-23-004382.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>25346022</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>575889</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3161648</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12495487</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3110891</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5418985</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004382.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224162126
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004382
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERBRIDGE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437352
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37874
		FILM NUMBER:		23667655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-230-9700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 CORPORATE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	3N GLOBAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080611

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004382.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 evbg-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on such date, was approximately billion . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 10 or more of the registrant s outstanding common stock have been excluded from this calculation as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that these persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 The number of shares of registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of February 21, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 22 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 60 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 60 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 60 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 61 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 62 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 63 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 64 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 85 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 86 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 86 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 86 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 87 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 87 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 88 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 88 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 88 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 88 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 88 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 89 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 92 

Signatures 
 
 93 

2 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections entitled Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, goals, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, would or the negative or plural of these terms and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our ability to continue to add new customers, maintain existing customers and sell new products and professional services to new and existing customers; 

the impact that global economic conditions may have on our business, strategy, operating results, financial condition and cash flows, as well as changes in overall level of software spending and volatility in the global economy; 

the potential impact of macroeconomic events such as the COVID-19 pandemic or the war in Ukraine; 

the success of the 2022 Strategic Realignment (as defined below); 

the effects of increased competition as well as innovations by new and existing competitors in our market; 

our ability to adapt to technological change and effectively enhance, innovate and scale our solutions; 

our ability to effectively manage or sustain our growth and to attain and sustain profitability; 

our ability to diversify our sources of revenue; 

our ability to integrate acquired companies, to complete potential acquisitions, and to integrate complementary businesses and technologies; 

our ability to maintain, or strengthen awareness of our brand; 

perceived or actual security, integrity, reliability, quality or compatibility problems with our solutions, including related to security breaches in our customers' systems, unscheduled downtime or outages; 

statements regarding future revenue, hiring plans, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements and stock performance; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel and further expand our overall headcount; 

our ability to grow, both domestically and internationally; 

our ability to stay abreast of new or modified laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business both in the United States and internationally, including laws and regulations related to export compliance and climate change; 

our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; and 

the future trading prices of our common stock and the impact of securities analysts reports on these prices. 

3 

These statements represent the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to us. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified above, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report. 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to Everbridge, we, us, and our refer to Everbridge, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Overview 
 Everbridge is a global software company that empowers resilience by leveraging intelligent automation technology to enable customers to anticipate, mitigate, respond to, and recover from critical events to keep people safe and organizations running. Boston Consulting Group defines resilience as a company s capacity to absorb stress, recover critical functionality, and thrive in altered circumstances. During public safety threats including severe weather conditions, active shooter situations, terrorist attacks or a pandemic, as well as critical business events such as Information Technology IT outages, cyber-attacks, product recalls or supply-chain interruptions, over 6,500 global customers rely on our Critical Event Management platform to empower their resilience and to quickly and reliably aggregate and assess threat data, locate people at risk and responders able to assist, automate the execution of pre-defined communications processes through the secure delivery to a comprehensive range of different communication channels and devices, and track progress on executing response plans. Our customers use our platform to identify and assess hundreds of different types of threats to their organizations, people, assets or brand. Our solutions enable organizations to automate and deliver intelligent, contextual messages to, and receive verification of delivery from, hundreds of millions of recipients, across multiple communications modalities such as voice, SMS and e-mail, in several languages and dialects all simultaneously. Our Critical Event Management platform is comprised of a comprehensive set of software applications packaged for organizations to address five core use cases, safeguarding: Business Operations, People Resilience, Digital Operations, Smart Security, and Public Safety. Everbridge s individual products address the full spectrum of tasks an organization requires to manage a critical event, including Mass Notification, Safety Connection, IT Alerting, Visual Command Center, Public Warning, Community Engagement, Risk Center, Crisis Management, CareConverge, Control Center, 911 Connect, Travel Risk Management, SnapComms and E911. Everbridge applications leverage our Critical Event Management platform, permitting customers to use a single contacts database, rules engine of algorithms and hierarchies, and user interface to accomplish multiple objectives. We believe that our broad suite of integrated applications delivered via a single global Critical Event Management CEM platform is a significant competitive advantage in the Resilience market. 
 4 

In critical situations, the speed at which threats are assessed and information is transmitted and accessed is essential. For example, United States Department of Homeland Security research indicates that the average duration of an active shooter event at a school is approximately 12.5 minutes, while the average police response time to such events is 18 minutes. Accordingly, organizations must be able to aggregate multiple types of threat and incident data and determine whether their people, assets, or suppliers could be impacted, rapidly deliver messages that are tailored to multiple, specific audiences, in precise locations and be assured of delivery. Further, the proliferation of mobile and digital communications, and the effects of the global pandemic, have resulted in individuals spending less time in a fixed office location, and this trend makes it more complicated for organizations to protect their employees. These developments have made it imperative that organizations be able to locate travelling or remote workers to determine who might be impacted by a critical event, and that critical communications be delivered via voice, SMS, and email, as well as to social media, outdoor signage and personal computers. During public safety threats and critical business events, the ability to gather, organize and analyze data in real time, and to enable secure, scalable, reliable and automated communications to people can be essential to saving lives, protecting assets and maintaining businesses. Further, the ability to rapidly organize a response by locating available responders and using automation to reduce the time required to initiate action can also result in significant economic savings, as, for example, each minute of unplanned IT downtime costs organizations an average of approximately 9,000, according to the Ponemon Institute. According to Boston Consulting Group, in critical situations resilient organizations produce better outcomes by lowering impact, enabling higher recovery speed, and greater recovery extent. 
 The following situations reflect examples of how our applications aggregate and assess data and enable improved resilience and management of critical events: 
 When an active shooter situation or terrorist attack occurs, organizations can quickly identify employees in the affected area, including employees not at their usual business location, in order to confirm that they are safe and provide tailored instructions. For example, shelter-in-place instructions may be provided to people in an impacted building while evacuation instructions are provided to those in an adjacent building. At the same time, first responders and hospitals can use multiple modes of alerting to mobilize resources and call in staff to provide emergency care. 

When a pandemic such as COVID-19 is underway, corporate, government and healthcare organizations can navigate the complexity of operating during the shutdown phases, supplement or complement existing manual contact tracing efforts and prepare to bring back the workforce and reopen society. 

When a hurricane is imminent, local emergency management departments can alert affected communities with relevant safety and evacuation instructions while companies can put in place emergency plans to notify employees of office closures while coordinating work assignments to maintain the continuity of core operations. 

When emergency operations are required or supply chain events occur, companies can consolidate separate command centers using one common data set to aggregate and assess data on severe weather, political unrest and other types of threats to their own and suppliers operations, thereby reducing costs while gaining efficiencies. 

When IT systems fail, IT administrators can shorten the time required to alert cross-department responders, use scheduling information to determine availability and quickly assemble appropriate personnel on a conference bridge, thereby reducing the costs incurred from downtime. 

When a patient is suspected of having a stroke, an on-call specialist can provide a patient assessment via video communications during the ambulance trip and the emergency room can be readied for an immediate stroke treatment, accelerating critical time to treatment. 

When a cyber incident shuts down an IT network, management can alert employees of the network shutdown via a secure, alternate communication path. 

When a power line is down, utility workers can utilize pre-configured incident management templates to alert affected customers and responders and provide service updates. 

When engine readings in critical equipment detect a malfunction, technicians with the appropriate skills can be automatically alerted and quickly deployed to minimize downtime and avoid revenue loss or service interruption. 

5 

When readings from an implanted medical device are abnormal, that information can be automatically routed to the individual s healthcare provider to enable timely medical care. 

When a young child goes missing, local officials can send alerts to and receive tips from their communities to aid in locating and returning the child. 

When a financial services firm experiences disruptions in service, clients can be promptly notified and audit confirmations can be provided to document delivery. 

Our customer base has grown from 867 customers at the end of 2011 to more than 6,500 customers as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our customers were based in over 82 countries and included the majority of FORTUNE 50 businesses, and many of the largest cities, airports, health systems, manufacturers, and universities around the world. We provide our applications to customers of varying sizes, including enterprises, small businesses, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and governmental agencies. Our customers span a wide variety of industries including technology, energy, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, retail, higher education and professional services. 
 We derive most of our revenue from subscriptions to our critical communications applications. Subscription services revenue represented 89 of our total revenue in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. We derived 35 of our revenue in 2022 from sales of our Mass Notification application. Our pricing model is based on the number of applications subscribed to and, per application, the number of people, locations and things connected to our platform, as well as the volume of communications. We also offer premium services including data feeds for social media, threat intelligence and weather. We generate additional revenue by expanding the number of applications that our customers subscribe to and the number of contacts and devices connected to our platform. 
 Recent Developments 
 On May 3, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a program (the 2022 Strategic Realignment to strategically realign our resources in order to accelerate and grow our investments in our largest growth opportunities while streamlining our operations. This program is in support of the 2022 strategic initiatives to simplify our business and accelerate the integration of recent acquisitions, and will help to drive the financial outcomes of sustainable growth and improved profitability and cash flow. The 2022 Strategic Realignment program includes a targeted realignment and reduction of headcount, facilities and other third-party spend, including brand refresh initiatives. On November 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2022 Strategic Realignment program to include additional targeted realignment and reduction of headcount and other third-party spend. The 2022 Strategic Realignment is expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2023. 
 On July 25, 2022, David Wagner was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Everbridge, Inc. and on July 28, 2022, Mr. Wagner was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of Everbridge, Inc. Mr. Wagner's initial annual base salary is 425,000 and he is eligible to earn an annual cash incentive bonus of 425,000, which will be pro-rated for fiscal 2022, pursuant to our management incentive plan upon the achievement of certain individual and/or company performance goals set by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. We granted Mr. Wagner the following awards pursuant to our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan: (i) 200,000 restricted stock units RSUs with 25 of the RSU grant vesting on December 31, 2022, and the remaining 75 vesting in twelve equal quarterly installments, with the first such vesting date on October 31, 2023, and (ii) 200,000 performance-based restricted stock units PSUs ), with up to 75 of the PSU grant becoming eligible to vest based on the compound annual growth rate CAGR achieved by us during the eight fiscal quarters from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023, and up to an additional 75 becoming eligible to vest based on the CAGR achieved during the 12 fiscal quarters from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, with the actual vesting date in each case occurring on the filing of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025, respectively. The estimated total stock-based compensation associated with these grants of 10.7 million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.3 years. 
 In November 2022, we settled the remaining 8 thousand aggregate principal amount of the 1.50 convertible senior notes due November 1, 2022 (the 2022 Notes at maturity. Additionally, in November 2022, we received 1.3 million in cash and 22,914 in our shares as final settlement of the capped call options related to the 2022 Notes. 
 6 

During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we paid approximately 288.8 million in cash to repurchase approximately 316.4 million principal amount of our 0.125 convertible senior notes due December 15, 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). 
 Industry Background 
 Over the past two decades, methods to assess critical events and to automate, accelerate and digitally transform the process of managing and responding to such events have evolved rapidly, in tandem with advances in technology, to include automated or system-generated responses, such as voice calls, text messages, emails, social media and outdoor digital signage. In critical situations, the speed at which threats are assessed and information is transmitted are essential. 
 Evolution of Critical Event Management Solutions 
 Traditional solutions for critical communications have not kept pace with the increasingly digital world, the evolving threat landscape and the opportunity to leverage technological innovation to more effectively gain situational awareness and to communicate with people. These solutions are often developed in-house or are not truly enterprise grade in scale and reliability, leaving many organizations to manually evaluate multiple streams of threat data and to use analog, one-way and people-based modalities to communicate with relevant stakeholders. These solutions lack the scale to reliably address the breadth of the different critical challenges that organizations increasingly face, the sophistication required to address evolving needs with aggregated data and analysis for threat assessment, automated workflows and the ability to rapidly deliver messages that are contextually tailored to multiple, specific audiences, in precise locations, using a variety of different communication modalities. Traditional solutions also typically determine a person s location for threat assessment and availability for response, and send notifications, based upon a static work or home address. Given the mobile and increasingly remote nature of today s workforce, solutions now need to be able to dynamically locate who is near a critical event and send instructions to impacted parties and responders based upon where they actually are. 
 CEM solutions digitally transform the response to natural, manmade and digital crises, building upon the strengths of modern critical communications with vital data, analytics, correlation, and seamless orchestration. Organizations today typically manage critical events across the organization in silos that use disparate data sources and unintegrated tools, making it difficult to achieve a common operational view of threats and of the status of response. Utilizing a common contact base, consistent rules engines, threat databases that are integrated with information on the location of an organization s people, assets and suppliers, and a common visualization platform, CEM solutions can provide a more integrated solution which can improve management control and visibility and lower costs. The ability to cohesively and rapidly share information and collaborate across the organization underlies creating a common operational approach and empowers resilience outcomes. 
 Key Benefits of Our Solutions and Competitive Strengths 
 Everbridge was founded with a vision to help organizations keep their people (employees, contractors, customers, residents, visitors) safe and operations running amid the many types of public safety and critical business events that pose threats. Our CEM solutions enable organizations to anticipate, mitigate, respond to, and recover from critical events, on a single platform. Key benefits of our solutions and competitive strengths include the following: 
 Comprehensive, Enterprise-Scale Platform . The core of our solutions is our Critical Event Management platform, which provides multiple layers of redundancy to assure uptime and delivery of communications regardless of volume or throughput requirements. The platform is secure, scalable and reliable, enabling the delivery and verification of communications virtually anywhere, in any volume, in near real-time. In 2022, we delivered billions of interactions through our globally distributed data centers. 

7 

Digital Transformation . Our solutions help enable our customers digital transformation efforts by digitizing organizational resilience and automating business continuity, risk reduction, and operational resilience. Customers can use our solutions situational awareness capabilities to know where their people are, how to reach them and how to ensure that they are protected, while also remaining updated on the status of their facilities, customers, inventory, and goods in transit. As part of digital transformation initiatives, our solutions support operational risk reduction for better operational resiliency. 

Out-of-the-Box, Scalable and Mobile Applications . Our SaaS-based applications are out-of-the box, enterprise-ready and can be utilized without customer development, testing or ongoing maintenance. Regardless of a customer's or prospect s size or needs, our applications are built to scale to its largest and most complex critical communications requirements. 

Aggregated Threat Data and Analysis . Our software gathers and analyzes information from weather data feeds, public safety and threat data feeds, social media, IT ticketing systems and monitoring systems, as well as inputs and feedback from two-way and polling messages. Data can be geo-mapped and threat and incident data can be used to automatically trigger simple or complex workflows that are tied to standard operating procedures or run-books. 

Contextual Communications . We enable intelligence and personalization in the critical communications process by delivering contextual communications. Our customers can deliver and escalate critical communications broadly to a mass population or to a targeted subset of individuals based on geographic location, skill level, role and communication modality preferences for rich, two-way collaboration. 

Dynamic Location Awareness . Our platform can provide organizations with the ability to send and receive notifications based on the last known locations of people, not just based on a static office or home address. Our platform integrates with a variety of sources of location information, including building access control systems and corporate network access solutions. This location-specific approach enables organizations to quickly determine which individuals may be affected by a public safety threat or able to respond to a critical business event, and to provide targeted and relevant instructions and two- way communications. 

Large, Dynamic and Rich Communications Data Asset . As of December 31, 2022, our data asset consists of our contact databases with connections from more than 6,500 customers based in over 82 countries. Our contacts databases, which we refer to as contact stores, are initially created through an upload of contacts from the customer and are automatically updated with the most current contact information provided by the customer or by individuals who opt-in to receive notifications from our Community Engagement application. Our contact stores are repositories for contact details, attributes and business rules and preferences, such as a person s last-known location, language spoken, special needs, technical certifications and on-call status. 

Multi-channel Visualization. Our platform provides the ability to create an integrated view of threats, incidents and the status of response, within the context of the locations of an organization s people, assets and suppliers. Multiple channels of information can be displayed side-by-side so different facets of a critical event can be monitored simultaneously , and the same data can be displayed on personal computer screens and on a large command center wall to provide flexibility in deployment. 

8 

Robust Security, Industry Certification and Compliance . Our platform is built on a secure and resilient infrastructure with multiple layers of redundancy. Many of our enterprise applications are designed to meet rigorous security and compliance requirements for financial services firms, healthcare institutions, the U.S. federal government and other regulated industries, including facilitating compliance with FINRA and HIPAA standards. Our solutions received designation under the Support Anti-terrorism by Fostering Effective Technology Act of 2002 SAFETY Act ), and certification by U.S. Department of Homeland Security that places us on the approved product list for homeland security. Our Everbridge Suite solution also achieved authorization under the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program FedRAMP in 2018, that required satisfying a rigorous security and risk management review process and which we believe provides an advantage for selling into the U.S. federal sector. In 2019, our Critical Event Management platform received certification under International Organization for Standardization, or ISO, 27001 and also received Cloud Computing Compliance Controls Catalogue C5 accreditation under the Federal Office for Information Security in Germany. In 2020, we received ISO 27701 compliance, the privacy extension to ISO 27001. In 2023, we are in the process of expanding our FedRAMP authorization more fully across the Critical Event Management platform. 

Automated Workflows . Our platform automates the workflows required to complete a critical notification, including establishing the individuals within an organization authorized to send messages, the groups of stakeholders to whom messages will be sent and the content of messages to be sent to different groups of relevant stakeholders, in each case based on incident type. We believe that this automation reduces the amount of time required to send critical notification as well as the associated cost. Our platform also enables customers to automatically establish procedures for improving the success of communication efforts. 

Globally Local . Our platform is designed to be utilized globally while accounting for local cultural, linguistic, regulatory and technological differences. We have relationships with suppliers and carriers in multiple countries to ensure delivery in compliance with local, technical and regulatory requirements. We have localized our user interface in several languages and dialects. 

Next-Generation, Open Architecture . We developed our platform to easily integrate our applications with other systems. Our solutions provide open Application Program Initiatives APIs ), and configurable integrations, enabling our platform to work with our customers and partners pre-existing processes and solutions, increasing the business value we deliver. 

Actionable Reporting and Analytics . Our platform provides real-time dashboards, advanced map-based visualization and ad-hoc reporting across notifications, incidents and contacts. This information is easily accessed for required after-event reviews, continuous process improvements and regulatory compliance. 

Our Growth Strategy 
 We intend to drive growth in our business by building on our position as a global provider of resilience solution with critical event management, critical communications and enterprise safety applications. Key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 Accelerate Our Acquisition of New Customers . We have multiple paths of entry into new customers with our portfolio of applications, which are used for a wide variety of use cases across a diverse set of verticals markets. We intend to capitalize on the breadth of our solutions and the technological advantages of our CEM platform to continue to attract new customers. In parallel, we plan to attract new customers by investing in sales and marketing and expanding our channel partner relationships. 

9 

Further Penetrate Our Existing Customers . We believe that there is a significant opportunity within our existing customer base to expand their use of our platform, both by selling new applications and features to our existing customers and selling to additional departments in their organizations. Our dollar-based net retention rate, which we define as revenue generated from existing customers including recurring revenue, expansion revenue, downgrades, and cancels, compared on a trailing-twelve-month basis was over 110 for fiscal 2022. We also believe that we have a significant opportunity to increase the lifetime value of our customer relationships as we educate customers about the benefits of our current and future applications that they do not already utilize and of taking an integrated CEM approach. New applications added, which represent the total dollar value of new agreements entered into within the prior 12 months, exclusive of renewals, have grown from 6 of our sales in the first quarter of 2016 to 75 of our sales in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Expand Our Partner Ecosystem : We continue to expand our strategic partnerships with our channel partners, technology partners, and system integrators. We intend to further expand our partner ecosystem to open up new channels to market and to enable our customers to succeed with our technology and platform in their operations and business processes. 

Develop New Applications to Target New Markets and Use Cases . Our platform is highly flexible and can support the development of new applications to meet evolving safety and operational challenges. For example, throughout 2022, we announced a number of applications to protect travelers and to provide enterprises and governments with comprehensive risk intelligence. Leveraging our global network of over 25,000 security threat data sources, Everbridge s situational awareness reports helped multi-national organizations around the world to navigate the ongoing crisis in the Ukraine. We introduced Travel Protector complemented by Everbridge Assist, Powered by Anvil , to provide organizations with an end-to-end, full-lifecycle solution to fulfill duty of care responsibilities for traveling employees, remote workers, field service workers and those who have returned to the office. In addition, as part of Everbridge s Digital Operations solutions bundle, our introduction of Service Intelligence minimizes digital disruptions and customer impact and ensures smooth-running IT services by combining unique visualizations for mapping service graphs with dependency mapping, root cause identification, service ownership, change intelligence and automation all in one, purpose-built resolver console. Also, we introduced Everbridge PSInsights , as part of our Public Safety solution, providing the information and visualization necessary for public safety professionals to properly communicate important life safety information to residents, tourists, or visitors in hazardous situations. We intend to continue to develop new applications for use cases in a variety of new markets and to leverage our platform and our existing customer relationships as a source of new applications, industry use cases, features and solutions. 

Expand Our International Footprint . We intend to continue to expand our local presence in regions such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia to leverage our relationships with local carriers and our ability to reach residents and visitors in almost all of the world s countries and territories in several languages and dialects as well as expand our channel partnerships and also to opportunistically consider expanding in other regions. 

Maintain Our Technology and Thought Leadership . We will continue to invest in our core CEM platform and our applications to maintain our technology leadership position. For example, we believe that we are the only company today that provides a full, integrated CEM solution and that we provide the first solution to offer dynamic versus static location awareness integrated with analysis and communications for the employee safety and security marketplace. Further, we believe we have a competitive advantage through our commitment to innovation and thought leadership that has enabled us to take market share from our competitors and accelerate our growth. 

Opportunistically Pursue Acquisitions . Although we have paused material acquisitions, we do plan to continue to selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies and teams that allow us to penetrate new markets and add features and functionalities to our platform. 

10 

Our Platform 
 Since inception, our SaaS-based critical communications and resilience platform was architected on a single code base to deliver multi-tenant capability and the speed, scale and resilience necessary to communicate, collaborate and orchestrate the response to critical events, when they occur. 
 Additional core technical attributes of our platform include: 
 Monitors more than 100 types of threat data and aggregates more than 25,000 of risk data elements for situation assessment and risk monitoring. 

Multi-tenant architecture that supports multiple layers of redundancy to maximize uptime and delivery of critical content, regardless of volume or throughput requirements. 

Dynamic spatial/geographic information system capability to geo-target communications by zip code, street address or a specific radius from a location. 

Support for two-way communications and alerting across a comprehensive range of different communication channels and devices, including wireless phones, landlines, hand-held communication and other voice-capable devices, desktop, satellite communication, cell broadcast, location-based SMS, SMS, two-way radios, TV, outdoor digital signage, sirens and internet enabled devices, social media, websites. 

Designed to meet rigorous security and compliance requirements for financial services firms, healthcare institutions, the U.S. federal government and other regulated industries, including facilitating compliance with health care requirements such as HIPAA privacy. We also have products that comply with NIST 800-53, holding more than 15 FedRAMP authorizations. 

Extensive set of APIs and configuration capabilities to allow customers and partners to easily integrate our platform with other systems. Our APIs two-way invocation capabilities enable third-party systems to flexibly and easily integrate with our platform. 

Multi-channel visualization capabilities support integrated views of threats, incidents and status of response to improve management visibility and control. 

Supports easy-to-use native mobile applications, including multiple secure mobile applications for message initiation, management and reporting. 

Supports push notifications and two-way conversations that enable mobile users to send and receive secure messages such as text, pictures, videos and the users current geographic locations. 

Our Contact Stores 
 Our contact stores manage contact profiles and connections from more than 6,500 customers based in over 82 countries as of December 31, 2022. They are initially created through an upload of contacts from the customer and are automatically updated with the most current contact information provided by the customer or by individuals who opt-in to receive notification from our Community Engagement application. Our contact stores are simultaneously enriched by geographic, situational and other real-time data. Our contact stores are repositories for contact details, attributes and business rules and preferences, such as a person s last-known location, language spoken, special needs, technical certifications and on-call status. 
 We leverage the data contained in our contact stores in a number of significant ways. Our data asset across multiple verticals enables us to develop best practices for reaching the intended contact, on the correct device, at the right location, at the appropriate time. We also use these data to better understand our customer base and their emerging use cases in order to improve our existing applications and develop new applications. 
 11 

Everbridge Network 
 An important component of our platform is our Everbridge Network, which allows our customers to share relevant situational awareness information with each other. Public safety agencies, for example, can publish information to the Everbridge Network about incidents that might prove disruptive to the movement of people, goods and services for businesses within a certain area. If any of those businesses are also customers of ours, they will receive this information from a source they know is vetted and reliable and will be able to take timely steps to mitigate or remediate the situation. 
 Our Applications 
 Through our CEM platform, we deliver reliable enterprise-ready applications that provide organizations with the ability to assess threats, locate people, automate actions, monitor incident response, and deliver contextual communications in any volume, in near-real time. We have designed our applications user interface to be easy to use. We understand that since some of our applications will be utilized to manage complex situations or to send large volumes of messages to key stakeholders during stressful situations, streamlining the user interface to reduce user errors and anxiety is essential. We conduct extensive usability testing and design reviews with our stakeholders, and have applied in our designs the lessons learned over more than a decade of working with critical communications users and professionals. 
 Our applications enable: 
 Communications to key stakeholders during emergency situations. 

Corporate communications with customers and employees. 

Automated outreach to on-call personnel. 

Integrated threat assessment and visualization. 

Integration of physical security data with location awareness data gathered from travel, network and access systems to rapidly find and communicate with employees during disruptive events. 

Securely designed and efficiently implemented communications among healthcare providers and patients. 

Community engagement and collaboration with citizens and businesses. 

Critical IoT communications between machines and from machines to people. 

Mobile response plan deployment and management of incidence response. 

Our Critical Event Management solutions include: 
 Business Operations . The environment in which businesses operate is becoming more and more complex. Critical events such as COVID-19, severe weather, civil unrest and supply chain disruption impact the resilience of businesses. Everbridge Business Operations helps businesses prepare for, and respond to, critical events, protecting facilities and business operations. Built on Everbridge s industry-leading CEM platform, businesses can detect potential risks which might impact business operations and orchestrate a response in seconds across teams as well as digital and physical systems. 

People Resilience . The increasing frequency of critical events such as severe weather, global pandemic and civil unrest over the past few years has challenged many organizations to extend their duty of care responsibilities beyond traditional safety and security in the workplace to include health and wellness of people. At the same time the scope of those responsibilities has moved beyond the traditional office and plant-based work model to work in motion where an employee could be working in the office, at home, in the field, or traveling. Everbridge People Resilience helps businesses prepare for, and respond to, critical events, keeping people healthy, safe, and productive wherever they work or travel around the globe. Built on Everbridge s industry-leading CEM platform, businesses can detect potential threats that might impact people, and orchestrate a rapid response across teams as well as digital and physical systems. 

12 

Digital Operations . The Everbridge Digital Operations Platform goes one step beyond signal enrichment by combining signals from multiple monitoring tools into a relevant context that provides resolvers with clear situational awareness. Massive growth in digital service has both empowered businesses and exposed new vulnerabilities which expands the possibility of threats. A digital operations platform enables agile service delivery models, providing resiliency for IT systems in an increasingly virtual world. Organizations now consider great customer experiences imperative to their business and are pivoting towards streamlining and automating digital operations. As a result, service uptime is crucial to delivering that experience. Through event correlation, incident suppression, signal enrichment, context-rich categorization, and prioritization, organizations can monitor issues and react before an incident becomes a business problem. The Everbridge Digital Operations Platform enables customers to automate remedial actions based on previous incident resolution. Automating digital operations allows teams to open fewer tickets and spend less time chasing or reinventing the same resolution, leading to faster Mean Time to Repair MTTR and more time for innovation. 

Smart Security . Everbridge Smart Security helps organizations maintain control of their security by identifying threats to their people or assets and orchestrating a rapid response across teams and systems, all within an easy-to-use common platform. Theft, vandalism, violence, civil unrest, terrorism, and natural disasters are just some of the critical events security practitioners are faced with today. Keeping people safe and assets secure in the face of ever-increasing and ever-more diverse threats is a constant challenge for many organizations. Operations also continue to grow, involving more systems, more users, and much more data. All of this can be difficult to manage and costly to control. When a critical event unfolds and information floods an organization, it needs to get the right information to the right people at the right time to protect its people and their assets and to ensure operational continuity. 

Public Safety . Public Safety harnesses the ability to monitor critical events, alert the population, and mobilize a coordinated response across multiple agencies. The frequency of natural and human-made disasters is on the rise, and simultaneously, monitoring, collaborating, and communicating during incidents is becoming increasingly complex. For over 20 years, we have partnered with governments worldwide. From fires or floods to terrorist attacks, we have monitored potential hazards to help governments prepare and respond to incidents, and effectively provide the right people with the right information. Be it a country-wide emergency or a neighborhood outage, communities rely on Everbridge to keep them informed and safe. 

We also have expanded our CEM platform through a series of acquisitions, including Red Sky Technologies Inc. RedSky ), xMatters Holdings, Inc. xMatters and The Anvil Group (International) Limited, Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited (collectively, Anvil ). 
 With enterprise grade redundancy, scalability and uptime, the Everbridge platform has the ability to reach residents and visitors in almost all of the world s countries and territories. 
 Our Technology 
 The design and development of our applications, and our critical communication and critical event management platforms include the following key attributes: 
 Robust, Enterprise-Grade Scalability and Reliability . Given the mission-critical nature of our solutions, our multi-tenant platform was designed to provide a robust, high level of resiliency, scalability and redundancy. We use multiple geographically distributed service providers and communications carriers to achieve a high degree of redundancy, fault tolerance and cost-effective operations. We have multiple layers of redundancy and a horizontal scaling model across our infrastructure to deliver high availability and performance. Similarly, we leverage redundant downstream communications providers to enable our services to remain uninterrupted even if a particular provider encounters technical difficulties. 

13 

Multi-Modal, Globally Local Communications Delivery . We optimize international call routing across hundreds of telecommunications providers to enable higher voice quality, improved delivery rates during emergencies and the ability to configure local caller IDs to improve recognition and answer rates. We also work with multiple SMS providers to identify regulatory hurdles and deploy and actively manage an optimal mix of national and international SMS codes to ensure high delivery and response rates. 

Security and Compliance . Our solutions received designation under the SAFETY Act, and certification by U.S. Department of Homeland Security that places us on the approved product list for homeland security. Our Everbridge Suite solution also achieved authorization under FedRAMP in 2018, that required satisfying a rigorous security and risk management review process and which we believe provides an advantage for selling into the U.S. federal sector. In 2019, our Critical Event Management platform received ISO 27001 certification and also received C5 accreditation under the Federal Office for Information Security in Germany. 

Hybrid Infrastructure . To provide highly scalable and global solutions, we employ redundant, geographically diverse production implementations of our platform infrastructure in multiple SOC 2-compliant data center facilities in North America and Europe. Within each data center, we utilize a hybrid-cloud architecture that enables us to leverage both proprietary and third-party infrastructure services to enable on-demand capacity and performance without substantial upfront investment. Our architecture enables our platform to dynamically determine the best location from which to deliver critical communications on behalf of our customers and solves many international communications delivery challenges by utilizing in-country or in-region telephony, messaging and data communication providers. Our infrastructure is continuously maintained and monitored by dedicated engineers based in redundant network operations centers in the Los Angeles and Boston areas. 

Dynamic Location Detection . Our platform can create and update dynamic data sets containing a contact s last-known location, including the airport, street, building floor or conference room at which the contact was most recently present. Multiple data sources can be aggregated including building access control and badging systems, wired and wireless network access points, and corporate travel management and office hoteling systems. These data are used to best locate a contact in an emergency or critical business situation, independent of the contact s home or office location. Contacts can also share their location via a three-in-one mobile panic button application, which sends a panic message to the applicable organization s security team, and also includes the ability to send audio and video content, to check-in to capture and report geo-location data and to establish a safe corridor through a potentially unsafe area. 

Our Comprehensive Customer Support Services 
 We are committed to the success of our customers. We demonstrate this commitment by offering a comprehensive set of support services to help our customers get started quickly, follow best practices, and realize on-going value from our critical communications solution. Our support services include: 
 Rapid Onboarding . We leverage a proven methodology and domain expertise, honed through thousands of customer on-boardings worldwide, to enable rapid use of our platform and compliance with industry best practices. The average implementation time for standard implementations for new customers purchasing our solutions is 5.5 hours. 

Everbridge University . We offer online education, training and professional development through Everbridge University, with role-based training modules that can be customized to meet a customer s needs and that can facilitate formalized knowledge transfer and ensure ongoing self-sufficiency. 

Dedicated Account Management . We assign dedicated account managers to all customers. Account managers perform regular service reviews and post-incident analyses of customer communications to incorporate communication best practices and recommend additional applications to meet the customer s critical communications needs. 

14 

24/7 Technical Support Emergency Live Operator Service . We have established geographically redundant technical support centers in the Los Angeles, California; Boston, Massachusetts; and London, United Kingdom areas. From these support centers, we offer our customers 24/7 support by phone, email or through our online support center. In addition, our support centers offer a 24/7 emergency live operator service to assist customers with sending critical communications. 

Premium Support Services . With an understanding of the critical role that our solution plays, we have assembled an expert professional services organization to deliver premium support service packages to our customers. Our professional services team includes certified emergency management and critical communications practitioners. We believe that we help customers achieve faster time-to-value by providing on-site project management, consultation with a certified critical communications professional, creation of client-specific message and scenarios, development of ad-hoc report templates and on-site emergency and incident management reviews. 

Our Customers 
 Our customer base has grown from 867 customers at the end of 2011 to more than 6,500 customers as of December 31, 2022. We define a customer as a contracting entity from which we generated 200 or more of revenue in the prior month, either directly or through a channel partner. At the end of 2011 we had 20 customers with contracts valued at 100,000 or more, whereas as of December 31, 2022 we had 664 customers with contracts valued at 100,000 or more, including 78 customers with contracts in excess of 500,000. As of December 31, 2022, our customers were based in over 82 countries and included the majority of FORTUNE 50 businesses, and many of the largest cities, airports, health systems, manufacturers, and universities around the world. We provide our applications to customers of varying sizes, including enterprises, small businesses, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and governmental agencies. Our customers span a wide variety of industries including technology, energy, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, retail, higher education, and professional services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 68 of our revenue was generated from enterprise customers, 23 from government and government-related customers and 9 from healthcare-related customers. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing organizations collaborate to create brand preference, efficiently and effectively generate leads, build a strong sales pipeline and cultivate customer relationships to help drive revenue growth. Our marketing strategy is designed to elevate and drive alignment for the Everbridge brand to improve internal culture, provide clarity on the Everbridge vision, build a better understanding of our customers needs, and deliver consistency in execution of the core brand. The Everbridge brand is the cornerstone of how we accelerate prospect acquisition, customer retention, and growth at scale through a productive and efficient marketing engine. Execution of our go-to-market strategy consists of a strong thought-leadership program, a digital marketing engine grounded in world-class customer experiences, and a diversified sales organization designed to efficiently sell across vertical markets to organizations of all sizes. We have dedicated global sales teams focused on corporate customers, healthcare organizations and government customers, which covers U.S. federal, state and local governmental entities. 
 Sales 
 We sell our solutions through our business development and direct inside sales teams, a direct field sales team and a growing partner channel. Our global sales teams focus on both new customer acquisition and up-selling and cross-selling additional and new offerings, respectively, to our existing customers. Our sales teams are organized by tier (Elite, Premier, and Select) geography, consisting of the Americas; Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (collectively, EMEA ); as well as by target organization size. Our inside sales team focuses typically on small and middle-market transactions, while larger or more complex transactions are generally handled by our direct field sales teams. Our highly trained sales engineers help define customer use cases, manage pilots and train channel partners. 
 15 

In addition to the vertical and geographic distribution of our salesforce, we have dedicated teams of account executives focused on net new accounts and growth of existing accounts, account managers responsible for renewal of existing accounts, and business development representatives targeting new and growth business opportunity creation. Our sales representatives use phone, email and web meetings to interact with prospects and customers. We intend to continue to invest in building our global sales and go-to-market organizations. 
 We also sell through channel partners both domestically and internationally. To help integrate our applications with other third-party services and take advantage of current and emerging technologies, we seek to enter into alliances with leading technology companies. 
 Marketing 
 We focus our marketing efforts on elevating the strength of the Everbridge brand, communicating product advantages and business benefits, generating leads for our salesforce and channel partners, leveraging geographic market strengths and driving product adoption. We run campaigns that highlight the differentiators, benefits and value of the Everbridge solution through creating world-class digital experiences for prospects and customers globally. We deliver targeted content to demonstrate our thought leadership in critical communications best practices and use digital advertising methods to drive conversion of potential prospects, which convert to opportunities for our sales organization. 
 Our marketing team focuses on inbound marketing through our industry-leading content, resources, and sharing customer best practices. We rely on multiple marketing and sales automation tools to efficiently market to, and automatically identify qualified individuals using product and industry specific criteria. We use multiple marketing tactics to engage with prospective customers including: search engines (both paid and organic), email marketing, event marketing, print and digital advertising, and webinar events. We engage with existing customers to provide vertically-based education and awareness and to promote expanded use of our current and new software offerings within these customers. We also host regional and national events to engage both customers and prospects, deliver product training and foster community. 
 Research and Development 
 We invest substantial resources in research and development and leverage offshore development in multiple geographies to implement a follow the sun engineering strategy and to increase the efficiency of our overall development efforts. We enhance our core technology platform and applications, develop new end market-specific solutions and applications, and conduct application and quality assurance testing. Our technical and engineering team monitors and tests our applications on a regular basis, and we maintain a regular release process to refine, update, and enhance our existing applications. 
 Our Competition 
 The market for CEM solutions is highly fragmented, intensely competitive and constantly evolving. We compete with an array of established and emerging companies, many of whom are single product or single market focused, as well as in-house solutions. We view CEM as a holistic solution that allows organizations to digitally transform their critical event management processes. These processes are siloed in a variety of ways in different organizations. Similarly, solutions from competitors in the field often are siloed by smaller functions across the holistic CEM solution. CEM includes Mass Notification, Risk Control, Public Warning, IT Alerting and Incident Management, and Control Center systems. The primary competitors for our Mass Notification applications include BlackBerry Limited, F24 AG and OnSolve, LLC. The primary competitors for our Risk Center application include Crisis24 Limited and Dataminr, Inc. The primary competitors for our Public Warning application include Celltick, Intersec and Genasys, Inc. For IT Alerting and Incident Management, our primary competitor is PagerDuty, Inc. For Control Center, our primary competitor is Genetec. The primary competitors for our Travel Risk Management application include Crisis24 and International SOS. Some competitors in siloed solutions are beginning to converge and build strategies that follow our CEM platform strategy. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect the competitive environment to remain intense going forward. 
 16 

We believe that we compete favorably with respect to all of these factors and that we are well positioned as a leading provider of targeted and contextually relevant critical communications. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our future success and competitive position depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. To safeguard these rights, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and contractual protections in the United States and other jurisdictions. 
 We have numerous issued patents and patent applications pending. We cannot assure you that any patents will issue from any patent applications, that patents that issue from such applications will give us the protection that we seek or that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. Any patents that may issue in the future from our pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection and may not be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. 
 We have registered the Everbridge , Nixle and Visual Command Center names in the United States and have registered the Everbridge name in the European Union. We have registrations and/or pending applications for additional marks in the United States; however, we cannot assure you that any future trademark registrations will be issued for pending or future applications or that any registered trademarks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 
 We also license software from third parties for integration into our offerings, including open source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. We cannot assure you that such third parties will maintain such software or continue to make it available. 
 We are the registered holder of a variety of domestic and international domain names that include everbridge.com, as well as similar variations on that name. 
 In order to protect our unpatented proprietary technologies and processes, we rely on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and others. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and trade secrets, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use them. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights, or develop similar technologies and processes. Further, the contractual provisions that we enter into may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. 
 If we become more successful, we believe that competitors will be more likely to try to develop solutions that are similar to ours and that may infringe our proprietary rights. It may also be more likely that competitors or other third parties will claim that our solutions infringe their proprietary rights. 
 Patent and other intellectual property disputes are common in our industry and we have been involved in such disputes from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties may in the future assert claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights against us. They may also assert such claims against our customers whom we typically indemnify against claims that our solution infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of third parties. As the numbers of products and competitors in our market increase and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase. Any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business. 
 17 

Government Regulation 
 The legal environment of Internet-based businesses is evolving rapidly in the United States and elsewhere. The manner in which existing laws and regulations are applied in this environment, and how they will relate to our business in particular, both in the United States and internationally, is often unclear. For example, we sometimes cannot be certain which laws will be deemed applicable to us given the global nature of our business, including with respect to such topics as data privacy and security, pricing, advertising, taxation, and intellectual property ownership and infringement. 
 Our customers, and those with whom they interact using our product and platform solutions, upload and store personally identifiable information and other data into our solutions and provide access to such data, generally without any restrictions imposed by us. This presents legal challenges to our business and operations, such as rights of privacy related to the data used in connection with our solutions. Both in the United States and internationally, we must monitor and comply with a host of legal concerns regarding the data stored and processed in our solutions by customers. We must also monitor and comply with these issues directly in the operation of our business in these jurisdictions. 
 We are subject to data privacy and security regulation by data protection authorities in countries throughout the world, by the U.S. federal government, and by the states in which we conduct our business. In recent years, there have been a number of well-publicized data breaches involving the improper use and disclosure of personal information of individuals. Many governing authorities have responded to these incidents by enacting laws requiring holders of personal information to maintain safeguards and to take certain actions in response to a data breach, such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals and public officials, or amending existing laws to expand compliance obligations. In the European Union, U.S. companies must meet specified privacy and security standards, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, which governs the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, and on the free movement of such data established in the European Union to certain non-European Union countries, such as the United States. Additionally, the data protection laws of each of the European member countries require comprehensive data privacy and security protections for consumers with respect to personal data collected about them. The European Court of Justice upheld the validity of Standard Contractual Clauses, which we will continue to use as a legal mechanism for the transfer of data between the EU and the U.S., although these mechanisms are still subject to legal challenges. We have and will continue to engage in efforts to ensure that data transfers from the European Economic Area comply with the GDPR and the data protection legislation of individual member states. 
 In the United States, many federal, state, and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), that among other things, requires covered entities to provide new disclosures to California consumers, affords such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, and gives such consumers a private right of action to enforce data breaches resulting from the covered entity's violation of its duty to implement and maintain reasonable security measures. 
 For a discussion of risks related to these various areas of government regulation, see Risk Factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Culture and Governance 
 Culture 
 We believe that our culture has been a key contributor of our success to-date and that our mission, with the critical nature of the solutions that we provide, promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment for our employees. We have invested in building an intentional global culture and believe it represents one of our most important and sustainable sources of competitive advantage. 
 18 

Governance 
 Our Board of Directors and Board committees provide oversight on certain human capital matters. The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors acts on behalf of the Board to review, adopt and approve our compensation strategy, policies, plans and programs, including, among others, reviewing and approving corporate performance goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our executive officers and other senior management, evaluating and approving the compensation plans and programs advisable for us, and administration of our equity compensation plans, stock purchase plan, bonus plans, and other similar plans and programs. 
 2022 Strategic Realignment 
 During 2022, our Board of Directors approved the 2022 Strategic Realignment, as amended, which includes a targeted realignment and reduction of headcount, facilities and other third-party spend. For further information, see Note 20, Restructuring and Restructuring-Related Activities, of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We prioritize diversity, equity and inclusion DEI to create a workplace that reflects the customers and populations we serve. We demonstrate our commitment to DEI by focusing on several key initiatives. This includes aligning our hiring and recruiting practices to attract a diverse and talented workforce; creating employee resource groups dedicated to celebrating and empowering communities within our organization, including women, employees of color, employees who identify as LGBTQ+, and members of the military and first responders; and supporting a growing ecosystem of minority-owned and led suppliers and partners. As of December 31, 2022, 32 of our global workforce was female, 38 of vice president and above roles globally were female, and non-Caucasian employees represented 26 of our U.S. workforce. We are committed to increasing the diversity of our workforce, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, 39 of our U.S. hires were female and 30 were non-Caucasian. 
 Labor Practices and Policies 
 Work Hours, Wages and Benefits 
 We compensate employees competitively relative to the industry and local labor market. We work to ensure full compliance with applicable wage, work hours, overtime and benefits laws. We assess the current business environment and labor market to refine our compensation and benefits programs. 
 In addition to salaries, our compensation and benefit programs (which may vary by country and location) include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, retirement savings plans, healthcare and insurance benefits including long-term care insurance, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, volunteer time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and military leave, among many other benefits. 
 Safe and Healthy Workplace and Workplace Security 
 We seek to comply with all health and safety laws applicable to our business. To this end, we consult with employees to help keep work areas safe and free of hazardous conditions. Additionally, we are committed to maintaining a workplace free from violence, harassment, intimidation and other unsafe or disruptive conditions due to internal and external threats. We believe it is paramount to use our own CEM solutions to help us achieve our health and safety goals. We continue to take a variety of measures, including by using our own CEM solutions, to communicate to our employees and help keep them safe. 
 Workforce, Recruiting, Development and Retention 
 Workforce Size 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,713 full-time employees, including 407 in data center operations and customer support, 564 in sales and marketing, 542 in research and development and 200 in general and administrative. As of December 31, 2022, we had 883 full-time employees in the United States and 830 full-time employees internationally. None of our U.S. employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe our employee relations are good and we have not experienced any work stoppages. 
 19 

Recruiting 
 Our key talent philosophy is to develop talent from within and supplement with external hires. Our talent acquisition team uses internal and external resources to recruit highly skilled and talented workers, and we encourage employee referrals for open positions. Measurements of our progress include the percentage of internal candidates sourced and attrition rates. During 2022, 6 of positions were filled by candidates sourced internally and our attrition rate was 37 partially due to the 2022 Strategic Realignment program. We also develop our talent pipeline with programs such as our internship program. During 2022, we hired approximately 40 interns across various departments and geographies, representing 40 gender diversity. 
 Workforce Development 
 We are committed to investing in our employees through professional training and development to ensure the highest possible performance for our customers while retaining our employees to grow their careers at Everbridge. We achieve this through several avenues, including skills training within functional departments, education reimbursement and a Manager Development Program. The Manager Development Program was created to help grow our people managers and provide a path to leadership. We offer a wide variety of content and resources to maximize development. Since the program started in 2019, hundreds of employees have participated in training and there was 100 agreement by respondents that the program was beneficial and should be continued. 
 The Everbridge Performance Management Program was designed to meet several key objectives including providing feedback to enhance performance, providing developmental guidance to grow skills, experience and careers, aligning individual effort to organizational objectives and recognizing achievements and contributions. During 2022, participation in the annual review process was 99 . 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors develops and periodically reviews with our Chief Executive Officer plans for succession to the offices of our executive officers and makes recommendations to the Board with respect to the selection of appropriate individuals to succeed to these positions. 
 Employee Engagement and Satisfaction 
 We conduct an annual employee engagement survey to gauge overall employee satisfaction. The survey is an opportunity for employees to provide anonymous feedback on topics ranging from leadership and management, to opportunities for career growth, to work-life balance and diversity, equity and inclusion. The results of the survey are used to develop our annual corporate and department business plans as well as direct the efforts of our People team. 
 In 2022, we rolled out a Manager Effectiveness Survey to give additional focus to our people leaders and use this specific feedback to understand what is going well, and where we have opportunities for growth within our management group. We will utilize the results to determine what learning and development initiatives we can provide to our leaders that will be the most impactful to ensure we achieve our company's objectives and key results in 2023. 
 Based on employee feedback, we have been recognized for our culture, mission and leadership by Great Place to Work , a global evaluator of workplace culture. In a survey conducted by Comparably measuring employee sentiment across 70,000 companies, we won four 2022 Comparably Awards including Best Company Leadership and Best Company Global Culture. 
 Environment 
 Across the globe, both public and private sectors are more concerned than ever about addressing climate change and its associated risks. During severe weather events, enterprises, small businesses, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and governmental agencies have a responsibility to respond effectively and efficiently in order to protect people, assets, and facilities from harm. As a result, changes in laws and business practices may create more demand for our products in the short and long-term. 
 20 

Climate change is driving more severe weather events across the globe. Our multi-tenant platform was designed to navigate mission-critical events and provide a robust, high level of resiliency, scalability and redundancy. We use multiple geographically distributed service providers and communications carriers to achieve a high degree of redundancy, fault tolerance and cost-effective operations. We have multiple layers of redundancy and a horizontal scaling model across our infrastructure to deliver high availability and performance. Similarly, we leverage redundant downstream communications providers to enable our services to remain uninterrupted even if a particular provider encounters technical difficulties. 
 Facilities 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Burlington, Massachusetts, where we occupy an approximately 73,500 square-foot facility as of December 31, 2022; under an amended lease entered into in 2022 which will expire on May 31, 2031, during 2023 we will reduce our Burlington, Massachusetts occupancy to approximately 36,700 square-feet. Our principal executive offices are also located in Pasadena, California, where we occupy an approximately 19,000 square-foot facility under a lease expiring on December 31, 2023. We also have additional offices in the United States as well as internationally including Canada, China, Germany, India, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 25 Corporate Drive, Suite 400 Burlington, Massachusetts. Our telephone number is (818) 230-9700. Our website address is www.everbridge.com. 
 Everbridge, Inc., the Everbridge logo, and other trademarks or service marks of Everbridge, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Everbridge, Inc. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional trade names, trademarks and service marks of others, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the or TM symbols. 
 Available Information 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge on or through our website at http://ir.everbridge.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov , which contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We are not, however, including the information contained on our website, or information that may be accessed through links on our website, as part of, or incorporating such information by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We use our website, our corporate Facebook page (@Everbridge or https://www.facebook.com/everbridgeinc ), our corporate Twitter account (@Everbridge or https://twitter.com/everbridge ), our corporate Instagram account (@Everbridge or https://www.instagram.com/everbridge ), our corporate LinkedIn account (@Everbridge or https://www.linkedin.com/company/everbridge ), and our corporate YouTube channel (@EverbridgeInc or https://www.youtube.com/@everbridgeinc as channels of distribution of material company information. For example, financial and other material information regarding our company is routinely posted on and accessible at www.everbridge.com . Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website and social media channels are not, however, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not incorporated by reference herein. 
 21 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as fully described below. The following is a summary of the principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our common stock risky. The following is a summary only and should be read in conjunction with Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 If our business does not grow as we expect, or if we fail to manage our growth effectively, our operating results and business prospects would suffer. 

We have not been profitable on a consistent basis historically and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

If we are unable to renew or increase sales of our Mass Notification application, or if we are unable to increase sales of our other applications or add new applications, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Uncertain or weakened global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

We operate in an emerging, evolving, and competitive market, and if we cannot expand our platform and applications to meet the demands of this market or effectively compete against competitors, our revenue may decline and we may incur operating losses. 

Our quarterly operating results may vary from period to period, which could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. 

Our failure to effectively complete and integrate acquired technologies, assets or businesses may harm our financial results. 

Because our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 

Implementation of our 2022 Strategic Realignment or simplification strategies may not be successful, which could affect our ability to increase our revenues or could reduce our profitability. 

The nature of our business, involving public safety threats and critical business events, exposes us to inherent liability risks. 

Compromise or unauthorized access to our data or the data of our customers or their employees could harm our business and our customers, cause customers to curtail or cease their use of our applications, damage our reputation, and cause us to incur significant liabilities. 

Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to make our platform and applications available to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth, and reduction in revenue. 

We are subject to governmental laws and regulations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 

22 

Compliance with governmental laws and regulations could impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 

If our applications fail to function in a manner that allows our customers to operate in compliance with regulations and/or industry standards, our revenue and operating results could be harmed. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights adequately, our business could be harmed. 

An assertion by a third party that we are infringing its intellectual property could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses that could harm our business and results of operations. 

The use of open source software in our platform and applications may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property. 

Our stock price may be volatile and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause our stock price to decline. 

Conversion of the 375 million aggregate principal amount of 0 convertible senior notes due March 15, 2026 (the 2026 Notes and the 2024 Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their Notes, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay or fail to refinance the debt. It may also otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 

We are obligated to maintain a system of effective internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may harm investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 

Activist investor actions threatened or commenced against us could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We issued convertible notes that have rights senior to our common stock. 

Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt. 

The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Legislative actions and new accounting pronouncements are likely to impact our future financial position or results of operations. 

We may have additional tax liabilities from sales taxes, inability to use net operating losses, or changes in regulations, any or all of which could change our effective tax rate or tax liability and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 If our business does not grow as we expect, or if we fail to manage our growth effectively, our operating results and business prospects would suffer. 
 In 2022, we made a significant investment in our sales organization and our revenue increased by 63.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, due in part to the increase in our customer base. 
 23 

However, our business may not continue to grow as quickly or at all in the future, which would adversely affect our revenue and business prospects. Our business growth depends on a number of factors including: 
 our ability to execute upon our business plan effectively; 

our ability to acquire new customers and renew agreements with existing customers; 

our ability to further sell to our existing customers new applications and features and to additional departments in their organizations; 

our ability to develop new applications to target new markets and use cases; 

our ability to expand our international footprint; 

the growth of the market in which we operate; 

our ability to maintain our technology leadership position; and 

our ability to acquire and integrate complementary business, technologies and teams. 

Further, our growth has placed, and will continue to place, a strain on our managerial, operational, financial and other resources, and our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to successfully manage our anticipated expansion and growth. To manage our growth successfully and handle the responsibilities of being a public company, we believe we must effectively, among other things: 
 increase our customer base and upsell and cross-sell additional and new applications to our existing customers; 

invest in sales and marketing and expand our channel partner relationships; 

develop new applications that target new markets and use cases; 

expand our international operations; and 

improve our platform and applications, financial and operational systems, procedures and controls. 

We intend to continue our investment in sales and marketing, platform and applications, research and development, and general and administrative functions and other areas to grow our business. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 If we are unable to manage our growth effectively in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our corporate culture, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities or develop new applications or upgrades to our existing applications and we may fail to satisfy customer requirements, maintain the quality and security of our applications, execute on our business plan or respond to competitive pressures, which could result in our financial results suffering and a decline in our stock price. 
 We have not been profitable on a consistent basis historically and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 We have posted a net loss in each year since inception, including net losses of 61.2 million, 94.8 million and 93.4 million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 402.1 million. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods, we are not certain whether or when we will obtain a high enough volume of sales of our applications to sustain or increase our growth or achieve or maintain profitability in the future. Our ability to achieve or maintain profitability also has been and will continue to be impacted by non-cash stock-based compensation. We also expect our costs to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: 
 sales and marketing, including a significant expansion of our sales organization, both domestically and internationally; 

24 

research and development related to our platform and applications, including investments in our research and development team; 

continued international expansion of our business; and 

general and administration expenses, including legal and accounting expenses related to being a public company. 

These investments may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our financial performance may be harmed, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 
 To date, we have derived a substantial portion of our revenue from the sale of our Mass Notification application. If we are unable to renew or increase sales of this application, or if we are unable to increase sales of our other applications, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 While we have introduced several new event management applications over the last few years, we derived 35 , 42 and 50 of our revenue from sales of our Mass Notification application in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of this application in the near term. As a result, our operating results could suffer due to: 
 any decline in demand for our Mass Notification application; 

pricing or other competitive pressures from competing products; 

the introduction of applications and technologies that serve as a replacement or substitute for, or represent an improvement over, our Mass Notification application; 

technological innovations or new standards that our Mass Notification application do not address; and 

sensitivity to current or future prices offered by us or competing solutions. 

Because of our reliance on our Mass Notification application, our inability to renew or increase sales of this application or a decline in prices of this application would harm our business and operating results more seriously than if we derived significant revenue from a variety of applications. Any factor adversely affecting sales of our historical or new applications, including release cycles, market acceptance, competition, performance and reliability, reputation and economic and market conditions, could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If we are unable to develop upgrades to our platform, develop new applications, sell our platform and applications into new markets or further penetrate our existing market, our revenue may not grow. 
 Our ability to increase sales will depend in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our platform and applications, introduce new applications in a timely manner, develop new use cases for our platform and further penetrate our existing market. The success of any enhancement to our platform or new applications depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhanced or new applications, the ability to maintain and develop relationships with channel partners and communications carriers, the ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel and the effectiveness of our marketing programs. Any new application that we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, and may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Any new markets into which we attempt to sell our applications, including new vertical markets and new countries or regions, may not be receptive. Our ability to further penetrate our existing markets depends on the quality of our platform and applications and our ability to design our platform and applications to meet consumer demand. Any failure to enhance or improve our platform and applications as well as introduce new applications may adversely affect our revenue growth and operating results. 
 25 

If we are unable to attract new customers and retain existing customers, our business and results of operations will be affected adversely. 
 To succeed, we must continue to attract new customers and retain existing customers who desire to use our existing CEM solutions and new products we introduce from time to time. Acquiring new customers is a key element of our continued success, growth opportunity, and future revenue. We will continue to invest in a direct sales force combined with a focused channel strategy designed to serve the various requirements of our target customer base. Any failures by us to execute in these areas will negatively impact our business. The rate at which new and existing customers purchase our products depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. For example, a deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in the markets we operate in including as a result of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, a slower than expected recovery from the pandemic, or for other reasons could have a negative impact on our customers, which could adversely impact our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers. Changes in the corporate workforce from in-person to remote, or a shift in the patterns of work-related travel coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic, may impact how our customers view their CEM needs. Our future success also depends on retaining our current customers at acceptable retention levels. Our retention rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors outside our control, including competition, customers budgeting and spending priorities, and overall general economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic caused customers to request concessions such as extended payment terms. Customers may delay or cancel CEM projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating existing vendor contracts. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our products and services, our revenue would decline and our business would suffer. In future periods, our total customers and revenue could decline or grow more slowly than we expect. 
 If we are unable to sell additional services, features and products to our existing customers, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed. 
 A significant portion of our revenue growth is generated from sales of additional services, features and products to existing customers. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to sell such additional services, features and products to our existing customers. We devote significant efforts to developing, marketing, and selling additional services, features and products and associated professional services to existing customers and rely on these efforts for a portion of our revenue. These efforts require a significant investment in building and maintaining customer relationships, as well as significant research and development efforts in order to provide upgrades and launch new services, features, and products. The rate at which our existing customers purchase additional services, features, and products depends on a number of factors, including the perceived need for additional CEM solutions, the efficacy of our current services, the perceived utility and efficacy of our new offerings, our customers budgets, and general economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate, which may be impacted by, among other things, the economic uncertainty resulting from the global geopolitical tension due to ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and consequences associated with COVID-19. Any new applications we develop or acquire might not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and might not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. In addition, if customers demand customized solutions and services that we do not offer, our upfront development costs would increase which could negatively impact our operating results. If any of our competitors implements new technologies before we are able to implement them or better anticipates market opportunities, those competitors may be able to provide more effective or cheaper products than ours. If our efforts to sell additional services, features, and products to our customers are not successful, our future revenue and operating results will be harmed. 
 26 

Our business depends substantially on customers renewing their subscriptions with us and a decline in our customer renewals would harm our future operating results. 
 In order for us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions with us when the existing subscription term expires. Although the majority of our customer contracts include auto-renew provisions, our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions upon expiration, and we cannot provide assurance that customers will renew subscriptions at the same or higher level of service, if at all, particularly given the economic uncertainty resulting from the global geopolitical tension due to ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and consequences associated with COVID-19 pandemic, changes in how employees work and travel, and other macroeconomic factors such as increasing inflation. The rate of customer renewals may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our solutions, the effectiveness of our customer support services, our pricing, the prices of competing products or services, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, or reductions in our customers spending levels or general economic conditions in the geographic regions in which we operate, which may be impacted by, among other things, the economic uncertainty and volatility resulting from the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine, consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic factors such as increasing inflation. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions, or renew on less favorable terms, our revenue may decline, and we may not realize improved operating results from our customer base. 
 Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to acquire new customers and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform and applications. 
 To increase total customers and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform and applications, we will need to expand our sales and marketing organization, including the vertical and geographic distribution of our salesforce and our teams of account executives focused on new accounts, account managers responsible for renewal and growth of existing accounts, and business development representatives targeting new and growth business opportunity creation. We expect to continue to rely on our sales force to obtain new customers and grow revenue from our existing customer base and we will continue to dedicate significant resources to our global sales and marketing organizations. The effectiveness of our sales and marketing teams has varied over time and may vary in the future, and depends in part on our ability to maintain and improve our platform and applications. All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources and we are unlikely to see the benefits, if any, of these increases until future periods after incurring these expenses. Our business will be seriously harmed if our efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. We may not achieve revenue growth from expanding our salesforce if we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented sales personnel, if our new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. 
 27 

If we are unable to successfully hire, train, manage and retain qualified personnel, especially those in sales and marketing and research and development, our business may suffer. 
 We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new customers and increase sales with existing customers and our research and development personnel to continue to innovate and support our platform. Our ability to successfully pursue our growth strategy will also depend on our ability to attract, motivate and retain our personnel, especially those in sales, marketing, and research and development. We intend to continue to expand our global sales force, and we face a number of challenges in achieving our hiring goals. For instance, there is significant competition for sales personnel, including sales engineers, with the sales skills and technical knowledge that we require, including experience selling to large enterprise customers. We face intense competition for these employees from numerous technology, software and other companies, especially in certain geographic areas in which we operate, and we cannot ensure that we will be able to attract, motivate and/or retain sufficient qualified employees in the future. If we are unable to attract new employees and retain our current employees, we may not be able to adequately develop and maintain new products or professional services or market our existing products or professional services at the same levels as our competitors and we may, therefore, lose customers and market share. Our failure to attract and retain personnel, especially those in sales and marketing positions for which we have historically had a high turnover rate, could have an adverse effect on our ability to execute our business objectives and, as a result, our ability to compete could decrease, our operating results could suffer, and our revenue could decrease. We invest significant time and resources in training new personnel to understand our solutions. In general, new hires require significant training and substantial experience before becoming productive. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become as productive as we require, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the future in the markets where we currently operate or where we seek to conduct business. Our business and operating results may be materially and adversely impacted if the efforts to retain our sales and marketing and research and development personnel are not successful. 
 The nature of our business exposes us to inherent liability risks. 
 Our solutions, including our Mass Notification, Safety Connection, IT Alerting, Visual Command Center, Public Warning, Community Engagement, Risk Center, Crisis Management, CareConverge, Control Center, 911 Connect, Travel Risk Management, SnapComms and E911, are designed to communicate life-saving or damage-mitigating information to the right people, on the right device, in the right location, at the right time during public safety threats and critical business events. In addition, certain of our solutions are designed to identify crisis events applicable to a customer and assist in responding to them. Due to the nature of such solutions, we are potentially exposed to greater risks of liability for employee acts or omissions or system failures than may be inherent in other businesses. Although substantially all of our customer and partner agreements contain provisions limiting our liability to our customers and partners, we cannot assure you that these limitations will be enforced or the costs of any litigation related to actual or alleged omissions or failures would not have a material adverse effect on us even if we prevail. Further, certain of our insurance policies and the laws of some states may limit or prohibit insurance coverage for punitive or certain other types of damages or liability arising from gross negligence and we cannot assure you that we are adequately insured against the risks that we face. 
 Environmental, social and governance ESG expectations and standards expose the Company to risks that could adversely affect the Company s reputation and performance. 
 Standards for identifying, measuring and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve, including requirements for ESG-related practices and disclosures that may be required of companies by securities regulators and customers. If the Company s ESG practices or disclosures, including with respect to such matters as board and employee diversity and climate-related disclosures, do not meet evolving investor, customer, or other stakeholder expectations, standards, and policies, then the Company s attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror or service provider, as well as the reputation of the Company and its ability to attract or retain employees, could be negatively impacted. Further, the Company s failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill ESG objectives or to satisfy applicable reporting standards on a timely basis, or at all, could have similar negative impacts or expose the Company to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 28 

Because we generally recognize revenue ratably over the term of our contract with a customer, downturns or upturns in sales will not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. 
 Our revenue is primarily generated from subscriptions to our critical event management applications. Our customers generally do not have the right to take possession of our software platform and applications. Revenue from subscriptions, including additional fees for items such as incremental usage, is recognized ratably over the subscription period beginning on the date that the subscription is made available to the customer. Our agreements with our customers typically range from one to three years. As a result, much of the revenue that we report in each quarter is attributable to agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in sales, customer renewals or market acceptance of our applications in any one quarter would not necessarily be fully reflected in the revenue in that quarter, and would negatively affect our revenue and profitability in future quarters. This ratable revenue recognition also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers generally is recognized over the applicable agreement term. 
 If our estimates or judgements relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve revenue recognition and include others such as: the valuation of our stock-based compensation awards, including the determination of fair value of our common stock, among others. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 
 We operate in an emerging and evolving market, which may develop more slowly or differently than we expect. If our market does not grow as we expect, or if we cannot expand our platform and applications to meet the demands of this market, our revenue may decline, fail to grow or fail to grow at an accelerated rate, and we may incur operating losses. 
 The market for CEM solutions is in its early stages, and it is uncertain whether this market will continue to develop, and even if it does mature, how rapidly or how consistently it will develop or whether our platform and applications will be accepted into the markets in which we operate and plan to operate. Our success will depend, to a substantial extent, on the widespread adoption of our platform and applications as an alternative to historical mass notification systems. Some organizations may be reluctant or unwilling to use our platform and applications for a number of reasons, including concerns about additional costs, uncertainty regarding the reliability and security of cloud-based offerings or lack of awareness of the benefits of our platform and applications. Many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional on-premises applications into their businesses or have substantial security or compliance concerns, and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate to cloud-based applications. Our ability to expand sales of our platform and applications into new markets depends on several factors, including the awareness of our platform and applications; the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhancements to our platform and applications or new applications that we may introduce; our ability to attract, retain and effectively train sales and marketing personnel; our ability to develop relationships with channel partners and communication carriers; the effectiveness of our marketing programs; the costs of our platform and applications; and the success of our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in developing and marketing our platform and applications into new markets, or if organizations do not perceive or value the benefits of our platform and applications, the market for our platform and applications might not continue to develop or might develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our revenue and growth prospects. 
 29 

The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The market for critical event management solutions is highly fragmented, competitive and constantly evolving. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect that the competitive environment in which we compete will remain intense going forward. Some of our competitors have made or may make acquisitions or may enter into partnerships or other strategic relationships to provide a more comprehensive offering than they individually had offered or achieve greater economies of scale. In addition, new entrants not currently considered to be competitors may enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships or strategic relationships. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including: 
 application functionality, including local and multi-modal delivery in international markets; 

breadth of offerings; 

performance, security, scalability and reliability; 

compliance with local regulations and multi-language support; 

brand recognition, reputation and customer satisfaction; 

ease of application implementation, use and maintenance; and 

total cost of ownership. 

We face competition from in-house solutions, large integrated systems vendors and established and emerging cloud and SaaS and other software providers. Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products and services offered. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and greater resources than we do. While some of our competitors provide a platform with applications to support one or more use cases, many others provide point-solutions that address a single use case. Further, other potential competitors not currently offering competitive applications may expand their offerings to compete with our solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards and customer requirements. An existing competitor or new entrant could introduce new technology that reduces demand for our solutions. In addition to application and technology competition, we face pricing competition. Some of our competitors offer their applications or services at a lower price, which has resulted in pricing pressures. Some of our larger competitors have the operating flexibility to bundle competing applications and services with other offerings, including offering them at a lower price as part of a larger sale. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully and competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses or the failure of our applications to achieve or maintain market acceptance, any of which could harm our business. 
 We may not be able to scale our business quickly enough to meet our customers growing needs and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. 
 As usage of our platform and applications grows, we will need to continue making significant investments to develop and implement new applications, technologies, security features and cloud-based infrastructure operations. Meeting our customers growing needs will require the introduction of compelling new features, intelligence modules and capabilities that reflect the changing nature of our market to maintain and improve the quality, speed, and value of our platform. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale, maintain, or update our internal business systems and our services organization, including customer support and professional services, to serve our growing customer base, particularly as our customer demographics change over time. The success of any enhancement to our platform depends on several factors, including availability, frequent updates, analytics reflecting current commercial intelligence, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with existing technologies and overall market acceptance. Any failure of, or delay in, these efforts could impair the performance of our platform and applications and reduce customer satisfaction. Even if we are able to upgrade our systems and expand our staff, any such expansion may be expensive and complex, requiring management s time and attention. To the extent that we do not effectively scale our platform and operations to meet the growing needs of our customers, we may not be able to grow as quickly as we anticipate, our customers may reduce or cancel use of our applications and professional services, we may be unable to compete effectively and our business and operating results may be harmed. 
 30 

Our quarterly operating results may vary from period to period, which could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. 
 Our operating results, including the levels of our revenue, renewal rates, cash flows, deferred revenue and gross margins, have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that these items will continue to do so as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 the level of demand for our products and services; 

customer renewal rates and ability to attract new customers; 

the extent to which customers purchase additional products or services; 

the mix of our products and services sold during a period; 

network outages, security breaches, technical difficulties or interruptions with our products; 

changes in the growth rate of the markets in which we compete; 

sales of our products and services due to seasonality and customer demand; 

the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors or any other changes in the competitive landscape of its industry, including consolidation among our competitors; 

the introduction or adoption of new technologies that compete with our offerings; 

decisions by potential customers to purchase critical event management products or services from other vendors; 

the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business; 

price competition; 

our ability to successfully manage and integrate our previous acquisitions and any future acquisitions of businesses, including the acquisitions of RedSky, xMatters and Anvil and including without limitation the amount and timing of expenses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired companies; 

our ability to establish and grow relationships with partners to market and sell our products and services; 

our continued international expansion and associated exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 

the success or perceived success of our 2022 Strategic Realignment; 

the announcement or adoption of new regulations and policy mandates or changes to existing regulations and policy mandates, including any changes relating to the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit 

the cost or results of existing or unforeseen litigation and intellectual property infringement; 

general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine; 

the impact of natural disasters or manmade problems such as terrorism or war; and 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies. 

31 

Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, key metrics, non-GAAP metrics and the price of our common stock may be particularly pronounced in the current economic environment due to the uncertainty caused by the war in Ukraine and impact of public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic. Each factor above or discussed elsewhere herein or the cumulative effect of some of these factors may result in fluctuations in our operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet expectations with respect to operating results, or those of securities analysts or investors, for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed expectations for our operating results for these or any other reasons, the market price of our stock could fall and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 Due to the foregoing factors and the other risks discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance nor should you consider our recent revenue growth or results in any single period to be indicative of our future performance. 
 Changes in the mix of sizes or types of businesses or government agencies that purchase our platform and applications purchased or used by our customers could affect our operating results. 
 We have sold and will continue to sell to enterprises of all sizes, municipal and regional governmental agencies, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and healthcare organizations. Sales to larger organizations may entail longer sales cycles and more significant selling efforts. Selling to small businesses may involve greater credit risk and uncertainty. Changes in the sizes or types of businesses that purchase our applications could cause our operating results, including revenue recognition, to be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, our business and reputation may suffer. 
 We offer our customers implementation services and 24/7 support through our customer support centers as well as education, professional development and certification through Everbridge University as well as a range of consulting services. Consulting service offerings include onsite implementation packages, Certified Emergency Management professional operational reviews, dedicated client care representatives, custom web-based training, and development of client-specific communications materials to increase internal awareness of system value. 
 Providing this education, training and support requires that our personnel who manage our training resources or provide customer support have specific experience, knowledge and expertise, making it more difficult for us to hire qualified personnel and to scale up our support operations. The importance of high-quality customer support will increase as we expand our business and pursue new customers and larger organizations. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for support services or scale our services if our business grows. We also may be unable to modify the format of our support services or change our pricing to compete with changes in support services provided by our competitors. Increased customer demand for these services, without corresponding revenue, could increase our costs and harm our operating results. If we do not help our customers use applications within our platform and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to sell additional applications to, or to retain, existing customers may suffer and our reputation with existing or potential customers may be harmed. 
 Acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 We have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire additional businesses, products or technologies. We also may evaluate and consider other potential strategic transactions, including investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our platform and applications, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount pricing or investments in other companies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions and other strategic transactions will depend in part upon whether we can integrate acquired operations, products, and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner and successfully market and sell these as new product offerings, or as new features within our existing offerings. 
 32 

For example, we acquired RedSky in January 2021, xMatters in May 2021 and Anvil in November 2021. The integration of these businesses and any other acquisitions may prove to be difficult due to the necessity of coordinating geographically separate organizations and integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and accustomed to different corporate cultures, business operations, and internal systems. We may need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked sufficiently effective controls, procedures and policies. The acquisition and integration processes are complex, expensive and time consuming, and may cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, product development, sales activities, and operations of both companies. Further, we may be unable to retain key personnel of an acquired company following the acquisition. If we are unable to effectively execute or integrate acquisitions, the anticipated benefits of such acquisition, including sales or growth opportunities or targeted synergies may not be realized, and our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, we may only be able to conduct limited due diligence on an acquired company s operations or may discover that the products or technology acquired were not as capable as we thought based upon the initial or limited due diligence. Following an acquisition, we may be subject to unforeseen liabilities arising from an acquired company s past or present operations and these liabilities may be greater than the warranty and indemnity limitations that we negotiate. Any unforeseen liability that is greater than these warranty and indemnity limitations could have a negative impact on our financial condition. The acquisitions we have completed in the past and any other acquisitions we complete will give rise to risks, including: 
 incurring higher than anticipated capital expenditures and operating expenses; 

failing to assimilate the operations and personnel or failing to retain the key personnel of the acquired company or business; 

failing to integrate the acquired technologies, or incurring significant expense to integrate acquired technologies, into our platform and applications; 

disrupting our ongoing business; 

diverting our management s attention and other company resources; 

failing to maintain uniform standards, controls and policies; 

incurring significant accounting charges; 

impairing relationships with our customers and employees; 

finding that the acquired technology, asset or business does not further our business strategy, that we overpaid for the technology, asset or business or that we may be required to write off acquired assets or investments partially or entirely; 

failing to realize the expected synergies of the transaction; 

being exposed to unforeseen liabilities and contingencies that were not identified prior to acquiring the company; and 

being unable to generate sufficient revenue and profits from acquisitions to offset the associated acquisition costs. 

Fully integrating an acquired technology, asset or business into our operations may take a significant amount of time. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered with acquisitions. To the extent that we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems related to any such acquisitions, our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Acquisitions also could impact our financial position and capital requirements, or could cause fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results of operations. Acquisitions could include significant goodwill and intangible assets, which may result in future impairment charges that would reduce our stated earnings. In addition, failure to maintain effective financial controls and reporting systems and procedures during and after integration of an acquired business could also impact our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements. We may incur significant costs in our efforts to engage in strategic transactions and these expenditures may not result in successful acquisitions. 
 33 

We expect that the consideration we might pay for any future acquisitions of technologies, assets, businesses or teams could include stock, rights to purchase stock, cash or some combination of the foregoing. If we issue stock or rights to purchase stock in connection with future acquisitions, net income per share and then-existing holders of our common stock may experience dilution. 
 We rely on the performance of our senior management and highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate well-qualified employees, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the efforts and talents of our senior management and key personnel. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or key personnel could interrupt our ability to execute our business plan, as such individuals may be difficult to replace. Our ability to hire and retain other key employees needed to achieve the Company s growth objectives also depends on our ability to manage the existing equity incentive pool. If the equity pool is not refreshed, there is a risk that we may not be able to hire and retain such key employees. If the equity pool is refreshed with authorized shares of the Company that are issued in accordance with our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, our stockholders will be diluted. Further, if we do not maintain a reasonable equity burn rate, our stockholders may be overly diluted and this may impact our ability to obtain shareholder approval to refresh our equity pool. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 Changes in our business and operations, as well as organizational changes, have placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management and infrastructure. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or address competitive challenges adequately. 
 Over the past 12 months, we have experienced organizational changes, including the recent appointment of new executives, including a new Chief Executive Officer, a new Chief Product Officer and a new Chief Revenue Officer, and the promotion, addition, or departure of members of our senior management team. These organizational changes have placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management team to manage these changes effectively. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or address competitive challenges adequately. 
 If we are unable to effectively increase sales of our solutions to large organizations while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position and results of operations may suffer. 
 Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our solutions to large enterprises and governments. Sales to large customers involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to smaller entities. These risks include: 
 increased purchasing power and leverage held by large customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us; 

unfavorable contact terms; 

more stringent and complicated implementation processes, including stricter implementation deadlines and penalties for any failure to meet such deadlines; 

more complex, stringent or costly requirements imposed upon us in our support service contracts with such customers, including stricter support response times and penalties for any failure to meet support requirements; 

longer sales cycles, substantial upfront sales costs, and the associated risk that substantial time and resources may be spent on a potential customer that ultimately elects not to purchase our platform or purchases less than we hoped; 

34 

closer relationships with, and dependence upon, large technology companies who offer competitive products; and 

more pressure for discounts and write-offs. 

In addition, our ability to successfully sell our services to large enterprises is dependent on us attracting and retaining sales personnel, including sales engineers, with experience in selling to large organizations. Also, because security breaches with respect to larger, high-profile enterprises are likely to be heavily publicized, there is increased reputational risk associated with serving such customers. If we are unable to increase sales of our offerings to large enterprise and government customers while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position and results of operations may suffer. 
 Our revenue growth will depend in part on the success of our efforts to augment our direct-sales channels by developing relationships with third parties. 
 We rely largely on the direct-sales model to market our platform. In order to continue to build our business, we plan to continue to develop partnerships to support our sales efforts through referrals and co-selling arrangements. Our efforts to develop relationships with partners are still at an early stage, we have generated limited revenue through these relationships to date, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop and maintain successful partnerships or that these partners will be successful in marketing and selling our platform or solutions based upon our platform. Identifying partners, negotiating and supporting relationships with them and maintaining relationships requires a significant commitment of time and resources that may not yield a significant return on our investment. We expect that our partners will have only limited commitments to dedicate resources to marketing and promoting our solutions. In addition, our competitors may be more effective in providing incentives to our partners or prospective partners to favor their products or services over our solutions. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with partners, or if these partners are unsuccessful in marketing or selling our solutions or are unable or unwilling to devote sufficient resources to these activities, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our operating results may suffer. Further, new or emerging technologies, technological trends or changes in customer requirements may result in certain third parties de-emphasizing their dealings with us or becoming potential competitors in the future. 
 Because our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 
 A component of our growth strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer base internationally. We opened our first international office in Beijing, China in April 2012 and subsequently opened an office in Windsor, England in September 2012 as part of our geographic expansion. In March 2014, we acquired Vocal Limited, a mass notification company based in Colchester, England. In December 2016, we acquired Svensk Krisledning AB, a SaaS mobile crisis management company based in Norsborg, Sweden. In April 2018, we acquired Unified Messaging Systems ASA, a critical communication and population alerting systems company based in Oslo, Norway. In May 2018, we acquired Respond B.V., a critical communication solutions company based in the Netherlands. In February 2020, we acquired CNL Software Limited, a global provider of physical security information management platform software based in Camberley, United Kingdom. In March 2020, we acquired One2Many Group B.V. based in the Netherlands. In May 2020, we acquired Techwan SA based in Switzerland. In August 2020, we acquired SnapComms Limited based in New Zealand. In November 2021 we acquired Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited based in the United Kingdom. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 26 and 25 of our revenue, respectively, was derived from customers located outside of the United States and Canada. We intend to further expand our local presence in regions such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Our current international operations and future initiatives will involve a variety of risks, including: 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 

economic or political instability in foreign markets; 

greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods; 

35 

more stringent regulations relating to technology, including with respect to privacy, data security and the unauthorized use of, access to, or deletion of commercial and personal information, particularly in the European Union; 

difficulties in maintaining our company culture with a dispersed and distant workforce; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes or trade laws; 

differing labor regulations, especially in the European Union, where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations; 

challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs; 

difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems and regulatory systems; 

limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 

limited or insufficient intellectual property protection; 

political instability or terrorist activities; 

differing exposure to, responses to and capacities for managing the COVID-19 pandemic; 

likelihood of potential or actual violations of domestic and international anticorruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, or of U.S. and international export control and sanctions regulations, which likelihood may increase with an increase of sales or operations in foreign jurisdictions and operations in certain industries; and 

adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash. 

Our limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and operating results will suffer. We continue to implement policies and procedures to facilitate our compliance with U.S. laws and regulations applicable to or arising from our international business. Inadequacies in our past or current compliance practices may increase the risk of inadvertent violations of such laws and regulations, which could lead to financial and other penalties that could damage our reputation and impose costs on us. 
 Our business, including the sales of our products and professional services by us and our channel partners, may be subject to foreign governmental regulations, which vary substantially from country to country and change from time to time. Our failure, or the failure by our channel partners, to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. Further, in many foreign countries it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. regulations applicable to us. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to comply with these laws and policies, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners and agents have complied, or will comply, with these laws and policies. Violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners or agents could result in delays in revenue recognition, financial reporting misstatements, fines, penalties or the prohibition of the importation or exportation of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully manage the challenges of international expansion and operations, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 36 

We are also continuing to monitor developments related to the United Kingdom s departure from the European Union in 2020, commonly referred to as Brexit. The full effect of Brexit remains uncertain, but it could have significant implications for our business and could lead to economic and legal uncertainty, including significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rates, and differing laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate. Any of these effects of Brexit, among others, could adversely affect our operations in the United Kingdom and our financial results. 
 We are subject to risks relating to local crises and geopolitical instability due to our security and travel assistance services. 
 Especially through our subsidiary Anvil, we provide medical, security and travel assistance service through a network of service providers who provide on-the-ground security, travel or healthcare services to our customers employees when they are traveling abroad. Our services include the security and transport of customer assets. The support we receive from service providers could be affected by geopolitical instability or conflict and we may have difficulty enforcing agreements or protecting assets due to crisis situations. For example, during the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, we had to rely on service providers to evacuate customer employees. We may also face difficulties if we undertake commitments to customers who, when in times of crisis, create a demand that exceeds what we have contracted for in the region. We may also face challenges with regulatory compliance when moving assets and individuals between countries. 
 If we cannot maintain our company culture as we grow, our success and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe our culture has been a key contributor to our success to-date and that the critical nature of the solutions that we provide promotes a sense of greater purpose and fulfillment in our employees. We have invested in building a strong corporate culture and believe it is one of our most important and sustainable sources of competitive advantage. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. As we grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our company culture, particularly given the remote or hybrid work environment as a result of COVID-19 related shifts in the workplace. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from growing. 
 Our business and operations may consume resources faster than we anticipate. In the future, we may need to raise additional funds to invest in future growth opportunities. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. Weakness and volatility in the capital markets and the economy in general could limit our access to the capital markets and increase our cost of borrowing. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could seriously harm our business and operating results. If we incur debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of our future securities offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their interest. 
 Our sales cycle can be unpredictable, time-consuming and costly, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our sales process involves educating prospective customers and existing customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our platform and applications. Prospective customers, especially larger organizations, often undertake a prolonged evaluation process, which typically involves not only our solutions, but also those of our competitors and lasts from four to nine months or longer. We may spend substantial time, effort and money on our sales and marketing efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. 
 37 

Events affecting our customers businesses may occur during the sales cycle that could affect the size or timing of a purchase, contributing to more unpredictability in our business and operating results. As a result of these factors, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles and less predictability in the future. 
 Implementation of our 2022 Strategic Realignment or simplification strategies may not be successful, which could affect our ability to increase our revenues or could reduce our profitability. 
 On May 3, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the 2022 Strategic Realignment program to strategically realign our resources in order to accelerate and grow our investments in our largest growth opportunities while streamlining our operations. The 2022 Strategic Realignment program includes a targeted realignment and reduction of headcount, facilities and other third-party spend. On November 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2022 Strategic Realignment program to include additional targeted realignment and reduction of headcount and other third-party spend. 
 The 2022 Strategic Realignment program is in support of the 2022 strategic initiatives to simplify our business and accelerate the integration of recent acquisitions. We expect to record in the aggregate approximately 14 million to 15 million in restructuring charges associated with the 2022 Strategic Realignment and 16 million to 17 million in business transformation costs associated with the 2022 Strategic Realignment. A significant portion of these charges will result in future cash expenditures, and the program is expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2023. 
 Although we believe that the 2022 Strategic Realignment will reduce overhead costs, enhance operational simplicity, and result in improved Adjusted EBITDA, we cannot guarantee that the 2022 Strategic Realignment will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term profitability and operational expectations. Risks associated with the continuing impact of the 2022 Strategic Realignment also include additional unexpected costs and negative impacts on our cash flows from operations and liquidity, employee attrition beyond our intended reduction in force and adverse effects on employee morale, diversion of management attention, adverse effects to our reputation as an employer, which could make it more difficult for us to hire new employees in the future, and potential failure or delays to meet operational and growth targets due to the loss of qualified employees. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of the 2022 Strategic Realignment, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Reliability 
 If our, our customers or our third-party providers security measures or information technologies are compromised or unauthorized access to the data of our customers or their employees, customers or constituents is otherwise obtained, our platform may be perceived as not being secure, our customers may be harmed and may curtail or cease their use of our applications, our reputation may be damaged and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 In the ordinary course of our operations, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process) data of our customers and their employees, customers and constituents, including personally identifiable information such as contact information and physical location, as well as other data including health information or financial information. Security incidents, whether as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, technology impairment or failure, malfeasance or criminal activity, could result in unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage our reputation, impair our sales and harm our customers and our business. Cyber incidents and malicious internet-based activity continue to increase generally, and providers of cloud-based services have been targeted. We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. In particular, severe ransomware 
 38 

attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent particularly for companies like ours who provide cloud-based services and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we, the third parties upon which we rely, and our customers may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We have experienced malicious internet-based attacks in the past and while to date none have been material to our business, we may in the future be the target of attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems. If third parties with whom we work, such as vendors or developers, violate applicable laws or our security policies, such violations may also put our customers information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may be unable to anticipate or prevent vulnerabilities or techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and often are not detected until after an incident has occurred. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. As we increase our customer base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, third parties may increasingly seek to compromise our security controls or gain unauthorized access to our sensitive corporate information or customers data. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. Further, because of the nature of the services that we provide to our customers during public safety threats and critical business events, we may be a unique target for attacks. 
 Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. 
 Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security incidents or unauthorized transfers involving certain types of personal data. In addition, some of our customers contractually require notification of any data security incident. Accordingly, security incidents experienced by our competitors, by our customers or by us may lead to public disclosures, which may lead to widespread negative publicity. Any security compromise in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their subscriptions or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Further, the costs of compliance with notification laws and contractual obligations may be significant and any requirement that we provide such notifications as a result of an actual or alleged compromise could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
 While we maintain general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors or omissions, we cannot assure you that such coverage would be adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims alleging compromises of personal data or that such coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or at all. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. 
 39 

If our computer systems are or become vulnerable to security breaches or we are unable to comply with our security obligations, we may face reputational damage and lose clients and revenue. 
 The services we provide are often critical to our clients businesses. Certain of our client contracts may require us to comply with security obligations, which could include maintaining network security and backup data, ensuring our network is virus-free, maintaining business continuity planning procedures, and verifying the integrity of employees that work with our clients by conducting background checks. Any failure in our systems or breach of security relating to the services we provide to the client could damage our reputation or result in a claim for substantial damages against us. Our liability for breaches of data security requirements, for which we may be required to indemnify our clients, may be extensive. Any significant failure of our equipment or systems, or any major disruption to basic infrastructure like power and telecommunications in the locations in which we operate, could impede our ability to provide services to our clients, have a negative impact on our reputation, cause us to lose clients, and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In addition, we often have access to or are required to collect and store confidential client and customer data. If any person, including any of our employees or former employees, penetrates our network security, accidentally exposes our data or code, or misappropriates data or code that belongs to us, our clients, or our clients customers, we could be subject to significant liability from our clients or from our clients customers for breaching contractual confidentiality provisions or privacy laws. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client and customer data, whether through breach of our computer systems, systems failure, loss or theft of confidential information or intellectual property belonging to our clients or our clients customers, or otherwise, could damage our reputation, cause us to lose clients and revenues, and result in financial and other potential losses by us. 
 Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center providers could impair our ability to make our platform and applications available to our customers, resulting in customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, loss of customers, limited growth and reduction in revenue. 
 Our operations depend, in part, on our third-party facility providers abilities to protect these facilities against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, cyber incidents, criminal acts and similar events. In the event that any of our third-party facilities arrangements are terminated, or if there is a lapse of service or damage to a facility, we could experience interruptions in our platform as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. Any changes in third-party service levels at our data centers or any errors, defects, disruptions, cyber incidents or other performance problems with our solutions could harm our reputation. We also rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, crisis identification and notification, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. 
 Any damage to, or failure of, the systems of our third-party providers could result in interruptions to our platform. Despite precautions taken at our data centers, the occurrence of spikes in usage volume, natural disasters, cyber incidents, acts of terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, closure of a facility without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our platform and applications. Problems faced by our third-party data center locations, with the telecommunications network providers with whom they contract, or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our customers. Because of the nature of the services that we provide to our customers during public safety threats and critical business events, any such interruption may arise when our customers are most reliant on our applications, thereby compounding the impact of any interruption on our business. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenue, cause us to issue refunds to customers and subject us to potential liability. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Additionally, certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. 
 40 

Further, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur in the event of damage or interruption. Although we benefit from liability protection under the Support Anti-Terrorism by Fostering Effective Technology Act of 2002, the occurrence of any of the foregoing could reduce our revenue, subject us to liability, cause us to issue credits to customers or cause customers not to renew their subscriptions for our applications, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Failures or reduced accessibility of third-party software on which we rely could impair the availability of our platform and applications and adversely affect our business. 
 We license software from third parties for integration into our platform and applications, including open source software. These licenses might not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. While we are not substantially dependent upon any individual piece of third-party software, the loss of the right to use all or a significant portion of our third-party software required for the development, maintenance and delivery of our applications could limit access to our platform and applications, or result in delays in the provision of our applications until we develop or identify, obtain and integrate equivalent technology, which could harm our business. 
 Any errors, defects, viruses, or security vulnerabilities in the hardware or software we use could result in errors, interruptions, cyber incidents, security breaches, or a failure of our applications. Any significant interruption in the availability of all or a significant portion of such software could have an adverse impact on our business unless and until we can replace the functionality provided by these applications at a similar cost. Additionally, we rely upon third parties abilities to enhance their current applications, develop new applications on a timely and cost-effective basis and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. We may be unable to effect changes to such third-party technologies, which may prevent us from rapidly responding to evolving customer requirements, which could, in turn, negatively impact our ability to generate revenue and adversely impact our business. We also may be unable to replace the functionality provided by the third-party software currently offered in conjunction with our applications in the event that such software becomes obsolete or incompatible with future versions of our platform and applications or is otherwise not adequately maintained or updated. Please see the section titled The use of open source software in our platform and applications may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property. for additional discussion of the risks associated with use of open source software. 
 If we do not or cannot maintain the compatibility of our platform with third-party applications that our customers use in their businesses, our revenue may decline. 
 As a significant percentage of our customers choose to integrate our solutions with certain capabilities provided by third-party providers, the functionality and popularity of our solutions depend, in part, on our ability to integrate our platform and applications with certain third-party systems. Third-party providers may change the features or functionality of their technologies, restrict our access to their applications, cease providing their technologies, or alter the terms governing use of their applications in an adverse manner. Such changes could limit or terminate our ability to use these third-party technologies in conjunction with our platform and applications, which could negatively impact the value of our solutions, the speed and accuracy of our crisis notifications, and harm our business. If we fail to integrate our solutions with new third-party applications that our customers use, we may not be able to offer the functionality that our customers need or otherwise remain competitive with the evolving market for critical event management solutions, which would negatively impact our ability to generate revenue and adversely impact our business. 
 41 

Risks Related to Data Privacy and Government Regulation 
 We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could result in adverse consequences, including regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, and reputational harm. Compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 We collect receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, process) personally identifiable information and other data, including health information and financial information if applicable, directly from our customers and through our channel partners. We also process or otherwise handle personally identifiable information about our customers employees, customers and constituents in certain circumstances. We use this information to provide applications to our customers and to support, expand and improve our business. We may also share customers personally identifiable information with third parties as described in our privacy policy and/or as otherwise authorized by our customers. 
 Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. Some proposed laws or regulations concerning privacy, data protection and information security are in their early stages, and we cannot yet determine how these laws and regulations may be interpreted nor can we determine the impact these proposed laws and regulations, may have on our business. Such proposed laws and regulations may require companies to implement privacy and security policies, permit users to access, correct and delete personal information stored or maintained by such companies, inform individuals of security breaches that affect their personal information, and, in some cases, obtain individuals consent to use personal information for certain purposes. In addition, a foreign government could require that any personal information collected in a country not be disseminated outside of that country, and we may not be currently equipped to comply with such a requirement. Our failure to comply with federal, state and international data privacy laws and regulators could harm our ability to successfully operate our business and pursue our business goals. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. The Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 CAN-SPAM and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 TCPA impose specific requirements on communications with customers. For example, the TCPA imposes various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions on certain telemarketing activity and other communications with consumers by phone, fax or text message. TCPA violations can result in significant financial penalties, including penalties or criminal fines imposed by the Federal Communications Commission or fines of up to 1,500 per violation imposed through private litigation or by state authorities. Additionally, certain sector-specific regulations, including regarding the financial industry, may require additional privacy and security-related obligations. For example, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act GLBA ), as amended, imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy and security of certain nonpublic personal information processed by covered financial institutions. 
 California enacted legislation in 2018, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), that became operative on January 1, 2020, and applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees. The CCPA requires covered companies to, among other things, provide new disclosures to California consumers, and affords such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the 
 42 

federal and local levels. We cannot fully predict the impact of the CCPA and other state laws on our business or operations, but it may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Additionally, regulators are increasingly scrutinizing companies that process children s data. Numerous laws, regulations, and legally-binding codes, such as the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA ), the CCPA and CPRA, other U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws, and the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR and the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR impose various obligations on companies that process children data, including by requiring certain consents to process such data and extending certain rights to children and their parents with respect that data. Some of these obligations have wide ranging applications, including for services that do not intentionally target child users (defined in some circumstances as a user under the age of 18 years old). 
 In addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union and Canada, have regulations governing the collection and use of personal information obtained from their residents, which are often more restrictive than those in the United States. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of personal information that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as names, email addresses and in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol, or IP, addresses. Such regulations and laws may be modified and new laws may be enacted in the future. Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security. For example, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR and China s Personal Information Protection Law PIPL impose strict requirements for processing personal data. In Canada, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA and various related provincial laws, as well as Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation CASL ), may apply to our operations. 
 Within the European Union, legislators have adopted the General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR ), which went into effect in May 2018. The GDPR includes more stringent operational requirements on entities that process personal data (as compared to existing EU law), including significant penalties for non-compliance, more robust obligations on data processors and data controllers, greater rights for data subjects (potentially requiring significant changes to both our technology and operations), and heavier documentation requirements for data protection compliance programs. Specifically, the GDPR introduces numerous privacy-related changes for companies operating in the EU, including greater control over personal data by data subjects (e.g., the right to be forgotten ), increased data portability for EU consumers, data breach notification requirements and increased fines. Under the GDPR, fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of the annual global revenue of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater, could be imposed for violations of certain GDPR requirements, or the company could be subject to private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. The GDPR requirements apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, including employee information. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions, including China, may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. Companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. This could result in increased costs of compliance and limitations on our customers and us. Despite our ongoing efforts to maintain compliance with the GDPR, we may not be successful either due to various factors within our control (such as limited financial or human resources) or outside our control (such as a lack of vendor cooperation). It s also possible that local data protection authorities DPAs may have different interpretations of the GDPR, leading to potential inconsistencies amongst various EU states. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all 
 43 

of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. 
 Additionally, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in products and services. For example, in Europe, there is a proposed regulation related to artificial intelligence AI that, if adopted, could impose onerous obligations related to our use of AI or machine learning-related systems. We may have to change our business practices to comply with such obligations. 
 Globally, governments and agencies have adopted and could in the future adopt, modify, apply or enforce laws, policies, regulations, and standards covering user privacy, data security, technologies such as cookies that are used to collect, store and/or process data, marketing online, the use of data to inform marketing, the taxation of products and services, unfair and deceptive practices, and the collection (including the collection of information), use, processing, transfer, storage and/or disclosure of data associated with unique individual internet users. 
 New regulation or legislative actions (or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or standards) regarding data privacy and security, together with applicable industry standards, may increase the costs of doing business and could have a material adverse impact on our operations. If our privacy or data security measures fail to comply with current or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, fines or other liabilities, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss of business, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. Moreover, if future laws and regulations limit our customers ability to use and share personal information or our ability to store, process and share personal information, demand for our applications could decrease, our costs could increase, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 We are also bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. Additionally, some of our customer contracts require us to host personal data locally. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 If our applications fail to function in a manner that allows our customers to operate in compliance with regulations and/or industry standards, our revenue and operating results could be harmed. 
 Certain of our customers require applications that ensure secure processing, communication and storage of sensitive information given the nature of the content being distributed and associated applicable regulatory requirements. In particular, our healthcare customers rely on our applications to communicate in a manner that is designed to comply with the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the 2009 Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, the Final Omnibus Rule of January 25, 2013, which are collectively referred to as HIPAA, and which impose privacy and data security standards that protect individually identifiable health information by limiting the uses and disclosures of individually identifiable health information and requiring that certain data security standards be implemented to protect this information. As a business associate to covered entities that are subject to HIPAA, we also have our own compliance obligations directly under HIPAA and pursuant to the business associate agreements that we are required to enter into with our customers that are HIPAA-covered entities, or HIPAA-business associates and with our subcontractors that process individually identifiable health information on our behalf. Our failure to maintain compliance with HIPAA could result in significant civil and criminals penalties, as well as breach of contract claims from our customers and subcontractors. 
 44 

Governments and industry organizations may also adopt new laws, regulations or requirements, or make changes to existing laws or regulations, that could impact the demand for, or value of, our applications. If we are unable to adapt our applications to changing legal and regulatory standards or other requirements in a timely manner, or if our applications fail to allow our customers to communicate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, our customers may lose confidence in our applications and could switch to products offered by our competitors, or threaten or bring legal actions against us. 
 In addition, governmental and other customers may require our applications to comply with certain privacy, security or other certifications and standards. As described above, the EEA and the UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate and standard contractual clauses are used as one mechanism to facilitate cross-border data transfers. If our applications fail to maintain compliance with these mechanisms, certifications and standards, or our competitors achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, we may be disqualified from selling our applications to such customers, or may otherwise be at a competitive disadvantage, either of which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. If our policies and practices are, or are perceived to be, insufficient or if our customers have concerns regarding the transfer of data from the European Union to the United States, we could be subject to enforcement actions or investigations by EU Data Protection Authorities or lawsuits by private parties, and our business could be negatively impacted, as described above. 
 Failure to comply with governmental laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources, which may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we, or the third-parties upon which we rely, do not comply with laws or regulations such as those detailed in preceding risk factors, or if we become liable under these laws or regulations due to the failure of our customers to comply with these laws by obtaining proper consent, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than those in the United States. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by subscriptions sold to governmental entities and heavily regulated organizations, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by subscriptions sold to government entities. Additionally, many of our current and prospective customers, such as those in the financial services, and healthcare and life sciences industries, are highly regulated and may be required to comply with more stringent regulations in connection with subscribing to and implementing our applications. Selling subscriptions to these entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will successfully complete a sale. In addition, delivering subscribed solutions to these governmental entities can be expensive and time consuming; for example, requiring complex integrations with various local telecommunications carriers, telecommunications infrastructure that changes over the course of the sale and delivery process, and various changing telecommunications standards (for example, 2G through 5G). Delivery delay in early projects may cause backlog impacting later projects. 
 45 

Furthermore, engaging in sales activities to foreign governments introduces additional compliance risks specific to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other similar statutory requirements prohibiting bribery and corruption in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Governmental and highly regulated entities often require contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements. For example, the federal government provides grants to certain state and local governments for our applications and if such governmental entities do not continue to receive these grants, they have the ability to terminate their contracts without penalty. Governmental and highly regulated entities impose compliance requirements that are complicated, require preferential pricing or most favored nation terms and conditions, or are otherwise time consuming and expensive to satisfy. If we undertake to meet special standards or requirements and do not meet them, we could be subject to increased liability from our customers or regulators. Even if we do meet these special standards or requirements, the additional costs associated with providing our applications to government and highly regulated customers could harm our margins. Moreover, changes in the underlying regulatory conditions that affect these types of customers could harm our ability to efficiently provide our applications to them and to grow or maintain our customer base. 
 Collecting payment from a government entity may also present difficulties. For example, governmental demand and payment for our applications may also be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our solutions. 
 Potential regulatory requirements placed on our applications and content could impose increased costs on us, delay or prevent our introduction of new applications, and impair the function or value of our existing applications. 
 Certain of our existing applications, such as Secure Collaboration, a tailored version of our Secure Messaging application that is designed to comply with HIPAA, are and are likely to continue to be subject to increasing regulatory requirements in a number of ways and as we continue to introduce new applications, we may be subject to additional regulatory requirements and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business. In addition, we market our applications and professional services in certain countries outside of the United States and plan to expand our local presence in regions such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia. If additional legal and/or regulatory requirements are implemented in the foreign countries in which we provide our services, the cost of developing or selling our applications may increase. As these requirements proliferate and as existing legal requirements become subject to new interpretations, we must change or adapt our applications and professional services to comply. Changing regulatory requirements might render certain of our applications obsolete or might block us from accomplishing our work or from developing new applications. This might in turn impose additional costs upon us to comply or to further develop our applications. It might also make introduction of new applications or service types more costly or more time-consuming than we currently anticipate. It might even prevent introduction by us of new applications or cause the continuation of our existing applications or professional services to become unprofitable or impossible. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights adequately, our business could be harmed. 
 Our future success and competitive position depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. To safeguard these rights, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and contractual protections in the United States and other jurisdictions, some of which afford only limited protection. 
 46 

We have numerous issued patents and patent applications pending as of December 31, 2022. We cannot assure you that any patents will issue from any patent applications, that patents that issue from such applications will give us the protection that we seek or that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. Any patents that may issue in the future from our pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection and may not be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. In addition, we have registered the Everbridge , Nixle and Visual Command Center names in the United States, and have registered the Everbridge name in the European Union. We have registrations and/or pending applications for additional marks in the United States and various other countries; however, we cannot assure you that any future trademark registrations will be issued for pending or future applications or that any registered trademarks will be enforceable or provide adequate protection of our proprietary rights. 
 In order to protect our unpatented proprietary technologies and processes, we rely on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and others. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and trade secrets, unauthorized parties may attempt to misappropriate, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use them. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights, or develop similar technologies and processes. Further, the contractual provisions that we enter into may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. Effective trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our services are available or where we have employees or independent contractors. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our solutions by copying functionality. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the trade secret and employment laws in any country in which we operate may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 In addition, to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Failure to adequately enforce our intellectual property rights could also result in the impairment or loss of those rights. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws offer us only limited protection and the laws of many of the countries in which we sell our services do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the United States and Europe. Accordingly, defense of our trademarks and proprietary technology may become an increasingly important issue as we continue to expand our operations and solution development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection than the United States or Europe. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property and technology is difficult and the steps we take may not prevent misappropriation of the intellectual property or technology on which we rely. For example, in the event of inadvertent or malicious disclosure of our proprietary technology, trade secret laws may no longer afford protection to our intellectual property rights in the areas not otherwise covered by patents or copyrights. Accordingly, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
 We may elect to initiate litigation in the future to enforce or protect our proprietary rights or to determine the validity and scope of the rights of others. That litigation may not be ultimately successful and could result in substantial costs to us, the reduction or loss in intellectual property protection for our technology, the diversion of our management s attention and harm to our reputation, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our failure or inability to adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 47 

An assertion by a third party that we are infringing its intellectual property could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses that could harm our business and results of operations. 
 Patent and other intellectual property disputes are common in our industry and we have been involved in such disputes from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties may in the future assert claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights against us. They may also assert such claims against our customers whom we typically indemnify against claims that our solution infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of third parties. As the numbers of products and competitors in our market increase and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase. Any claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business. 
 As we seek to extend our platform and applications, we could be constrained by the intellectual property rights of others and it may also be more likely that competitors or other third parties will claim that our solutions infringe their proprietary rights. We might not prevail in any intellectual property infringement litigation given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in such litigation. Defending such claims, regardless of their merit, could be time-consuming and distracting to management, result in costly litigation or settlement, cause development delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, we currently have a limited portfolio of issued patents compared to our larger competitors, and therefore may not be able to effectively utilize our intellectual property portfolio to assert defenses or counterclaims in response to patent infringement claims or litigation brought against us by third parties. Further, litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant applications or revenue and against which our potential patents provide no deterrence, and many other potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. If our platform or any of our applications exceed the scope of in-bound licenses or violate any third-party proprietary rights, we could be required to withdraw those applications from the market, re-develop those applications or seek to obtain licenses from third parties, which might not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Any efforts to re-develop our platform and our applications, obtain licenses from third parties on favorable terms or license a substitute technology might not be successful and, in any case, might substantially increase our costs and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we were compelled to withdraw any of our applications from the market, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 We have indemnity obligations to our customers and certain of our channel partners for certain expenses and liabilities resulting from intellectual property infringement claims regarding our platform and our applications, which could force us to incur substantial costs. 
 We have indemnity obligations to our customers and certain of our channel partners for intellectual property infringement claims regarding our platform and our applications. As a result, in the case of infringement claims against these customers and channel partners, we could be required to indemnify them for losses resulting from such claims or to refund amounts they have paid to us. We also expect that some of our channel partners with whom we do not have express contractual obligations to indemnify for intellectual property infringement claims may seek indemnification from us in connection with infringement claims brought against them. We may elect to indemnify these channel partners where we have no contractual obligation to indemnify them and we will evaluate each such request on a case-by-case basis. If a channel partner elects to invest resources in enforcing a claim for indemnification against us, we could incur significant costs disputing it. If we do not succeed in disputing it, we could face substantial liability. 
 48 

We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that our employees or contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or other parties. 
 We have in the past and may in the future be subject to claims that employees or contractors, or we, have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of our competitors or other parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending against such claims, a court could order us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from using technologies or features that are essential to our solutions, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of these parties. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to develop, market and support potential solutions or enhancements, which could severely harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, such litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 The use of open source software in our platform and applications may expose us to additional risks and harm our intellectual property. 
 Our platform and some of our applications use or incorporate software that is subject to one or more open source licenses and we may incorporate additional open source software in the future. Open source software is typically freely accessible, usable and modifiable; however, certain open source software licenses require a user who intends to distribute the open source software as a component of the user s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user s software. In addition, certain open source software licenses require the user of such software to make any modifications or derivative works of the open source code available to others on potentially unfavorable terms or at no cost. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. 
 The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and accordingly there is a risk that those licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platform and applications. In that event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our platform and applications, to re-develop our platform and applications, to discontinue sales of our platform and applications or to release our proprietary software code in source code form under the terms of an open source license, any of which could harm our business. Further, given the nature of open source software, it may be more likely that third parties might assert copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims against us based on our use of these open source software programs. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our applications. 
 Although we are not aware of any use of open source software in our platform and applications that would require us to disclose all or a portion of the source code underlying our core applications, it is possible that such use may have inadvertently occurred in deploying our platform and applications, or that persons or entities may claim such disclosure to be required. Disclosing our proprietary source code could allow our competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of sales for us. Disclosing the source code of our proprietary software could also make it easier for cyber attackers and other third parties to discover vulnerabilities in or to defeat the protections of our products, which could result in our products failing to provide our customers with the security they expect. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated certain types of open source software into software we license from such third party for our platform and applications without our knowledge, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to disclose the source code to our platform and applications. This could harm our intellectual property position and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 49 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are related in complex ways. Our stock price ranged from an intraday low of 24.10 to an intraday high of 68.23 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Factors that may affect the market price of our common stock include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts; 

changes in the prices of our applications; 

changes in our projected operating and financial results; 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our platform and applications; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new applications; 

our involvement in any litigation; 

our sale of our common stock or other securities in the future; 

changes in senior management or key personnel; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; and 

general economic, regulatory and market conditions. 

Recently, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause our stock price to decline. 
 We have provided and may continue to provide guidance about our business, future operating results and other business metrics. In developing this guidance, our management must make certain assumptions and judgments about our future performance. Some of those key assumptions relate to the impact of the global geopolitical tension including as a result of the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, the anticipated contributions from the acquisitions of RedSky, xMatters and Anvil, and the associated economic uncertainty on our business and the timing and scope of economic activity globally, which are inherently difficult to predict. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is qualified by, and subject to, such assumptions, estimates and expectations as provided, and the other information contained in or referred to in the factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other current and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. While presented with numerical specificity, this guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and is inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions or economic conditions, some of which may change. It can be expected that some or all of the assumptions, estimates and expectations of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release of such guidance. Furthermore, analysts and investors may develop and publish 
 50 

their own projections of our business, which may form a consensus about our future performance. Our business results may vary significantly from such guidance or that consensus due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including due to the global economic uncertainty and financial market conditions caused by the ongoing war in Ukraine and the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, and which could adversely affect our operations and operating results. Furthermore, if we make downward revisions of our previously announced guidance, or if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our common stock would decline. 
 Conversion of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including holders who had previously converted their Notes, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay or fail to refinance the debt. It may also otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 In March 2021, we issued the 2026 Notes, which will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us or converted by the holders thereof pursuant to their terms. In December 2019, we issued the 2024 Notes, which will mature on December 15, 2024, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us or converted by the holders thereof pursuant to their terms. The conversion of some or all of the convertible 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion of any of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay or fail to refinance the debt. During 2022, we paid approximately 288.8 million in cash to repurchase approximately 316.4 million principal amount of our 2024 Notes. There is 133.6 million principal amount of 2024 Notes outstanding. The 2024 Notes and 2026 Notes were not convertible during the year ended December 31, 2022. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 The capped call transactions entered into when we issued the convertible notes may affect the value of our common stock. 
 In connection with the issuances of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, we entered into capped call transactions with the respective option counterparties. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes. The option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 We are obligated to maintain a system of effective internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may harm investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 51 

Our compliance with Section 404 necessitates that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We will continue to dedicate internal resources, engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting and to compile the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. However, we cannot assure you that our independent registered public accounting firm will be able to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We may not be able to remediate any material weaknesses that may be identified, or to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion and our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
 Any failure to maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls when they are required to issue such opinion, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Global Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, or if operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, and accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock, without further stockholder action and with voting liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be affected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent, and limit the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for director nominees; 

establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with directors in each class serving three-year staggered terms; 

52 

require the approval of holders of two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal our bylaws or amend or repeal the provisions of our certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors and the ability of stockholders to take action by written consent or call a special meeting; 

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; and 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by the vote of a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum. 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you would receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provision. The forum selection clause in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. Additionally, the shares of common stock subject to outstanding options under our equity incentive plans and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, as well as shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock awards, will become eligible for sale in the public market in the future, subject to certain legal and contractual limitations. 
 In addition, in the future, we may issue common stock or other securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 53 

Activist investor actions threatened or commenced against us could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, cause uncertainty about the strategic direction of our business and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 Steps taken by activist shareholders from time to time could conflict with our strategic direction, divert the attention of our Board of Directors, management, and employees, be costly and time-consuming, and disrupt the momentum in our business and operations, as well as our ability to execute our strategic plan. For example, in connection with our 2022 Annual Meeting of our Shareholders (the 2022 Annual Meeting ), an activist investor announced that it intended to withhold support for certain directors nominated by the Board of Directors for reelection and made multiple public statements in recent months regarding the Company s strategy, Board of Directors and management team. These types of actions may also create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy, which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, and may impact our relationship with investors, vendors, customers and other third parties. These types of actions could also impact the market price and the volatility of our common stock. In addition, we may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of shareholder actions, which would serve as a further distraction to our Board of Directors, senior management and employees and could require us to incur significant additional costs. 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 We issued convertible notes that have rights senior to our common stock. 
 In March 2021, we issued the 2026 Notes, which will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us or converted by the holders thereof pursuant to their terms. In December 2019, we issued the 2024 Notes, which will mature on December 15, 2024, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us or converted by the holders thereof pursuant to their terms. During 2022, we paid approximately 288.8 million in cash to repurchase approximately 316.4 million principal amount of our 2024 Notes. 
 The 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes rank senior in right of payment to all of our indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes; equal in right of payment to all of our liabilities that are not so subordinated (including to the 2024 Notes, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and to the 2026 Notes, in the case of the 2024 Notes); effectively junior to any of our secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries. In the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization or other winding up, our assets that secure debt ranking senior or equal in right of payment to the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes will be available to pay obligations on the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes only after the secured debt has been repaid in full from these assets, and our assets will be available to pay common stockholders only after all debt obligations have been repaid. There may not be sufficient assets remaining to pay amounts due on any or all of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes then outstanding or any or all shares of our common stock then outstanding. 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 54 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 508.6 million (undiscounted) principal amount of indebtedness under the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes. Our indebtedness may: 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 

limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 

require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 

limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 

increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 

In addition, any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . ASU 2020-06 reduces the number of accounting models for convertible instruments by eliminating two of the three models in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options , that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features, amends the requirements for a contract that is potentially settled in an entity s own shares to be classified in equity, and amends certain guidance on the computation of earnings per share for convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity. We adopted the standard on January 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective approach. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, we no longer separately present in equity the embedded conversion feature of the convertible senior notes. Instead, we account for the convertible senior notes wholly as debt. The elimination of the cash conversion model reduces reported interest expense in periods subsequent to adoption. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes or 2024 Notes is triggered, holders of the 2026 Notes or 2024 Notes, as the case may be, will be entitled to convert the 2026 Notes or 2024 Notes, as applicable, at any time during specified periods at their option. The 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes were not convertible during the year ended December 31, 2022. If one or more holders elect to convert their 2026 Notes or 2024 Notes, as the case may be, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their 2026 Notes or 2024 Notes, as the case may be, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2026 Notes or 2024 Notes, as applicable, as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 55 

Risks Related to Taxation 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOL s) of 282.6 million and 238.1 million, respectively, due to prior period losses, of which 242.1 million and 23.4 million, respectively, can be carried forward indefinitely with the remaining NOLs expiring in various years through 2042 if not utilized. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change. There is also a risk that due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions on the use of NOLs, or other unforeseen reasons, our existing NOLs could expire or otherwise be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. We completed a Section 382 study for the period through November 7, 2022 and determined that a Section 382 ownership change occurred on December 31, 2017 subjecting all pre-Tax Act losses to a utilization limitation. We also have federal and state NOLs of 46.8 million and 34.4 million, respectively, from various acquisitions which are subject to limitations under Section 382. The Company completed a Section 382 study for xMatters, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that was acquired on May 7, 2021. As a result of the study, the Company determined that out of total federal NOLs of 64.0 million, 0.9 million of federal NOLs generated by xMatters, Inc. prior to May 7, 2021 would not be available for utilization due to ownership changes experienced by xMatters, Inc. Additionally, state NOLs generated in one state cannot be used to offset income generated in another state. For these reasons, we may not be able to realize a tax benefit with respect to our NOLs, whether or not we attain profitability. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted by several factors, including: 
 Changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 

Changes in tax laws, tax treaties and regulations or the interpretation of them; 

Changes to our assessment about the realizability of our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments in which we do business; 

The outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals; 

Changes in generally accepted accounting principles that affect the accounting for taxes; and 

Limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 

We may have additional tax liabilities. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions and are commonly audited by various tax authorities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 
 56 

Tax laws or regulations could be enacted or changed and existing tax laws or regulations could be applied to us or to our customers in a manner that could increase the costs of our software solutions and adversely impact our operating results. 
 The application of federal, state, local and foreign tax laws to services provided electronically is continuously evolving. New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted or amended at any time, possibly with retroactive effect, and could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the Internet. Effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminated the option to currently deduct research and development expenditures and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize U.S.-based and non-U.S.-based research and development expenditures over five and fifteen years, respectively. Although there has been proposed legislation that would defer the capitalization requirement to later years, we have no assurance that the provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. These enactments or amendments could adversely affect our sales activity due to the inherent cost increase the taxes would represent and could ultimately result in a negative impact on our operating results. 
 In addition, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, modified or applied adversely to us, possibly with retroactive effect, which could require us or our customers to pay additional tax amounts, as well as require us or our customers to pay fines or penalties, as well as interest on past amounts. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes due from our customers, we could be held liable for such costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results. 
 We may be subject to additional obligations to collect and remit sales tax and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability for past sales, which could harm our business. 
 State, local and foreign jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added and other taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that may change over time. Further, these jurisdictions rules regarding tax nexus are complex and vary significantly. If one or more jurisdictions were to assert that we have failed to collect taxes for sales of applications that leverage our platform, we could face the possibility of tax assessments and audits. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales, use, value added or other taxes in those jurisdictions where we have not historically done so and do not accrue for such taxes could result in substantial tax liabilities and related penalties for past sales or otherwise harm our business and operating results. 
 General Risks 
 Uncertain or weakened global economic conditions, or reductions in information technology spending, may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 
 Our overall performance depends on domestic and worldwide economic conditions, which may remain challenging for the foreseeable future. Financial developments seemingly unrelated to us or to our industry may adversely affect us and our planned international expansion. The U.S. economy and other key international economies have been impacted by inflation, rising interest rates, the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, financial and credit market fluctuations, outbreaks of contagious diseases (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), threatened sovereign defaults and ratings downgrades, falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, threats to major multinational companies, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our applications and services, delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscriptions or affect renewal rates, any of which could adversely affect our operating results. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery and the impacts worldwide, in the United States, or in our industry. 
 57 

We are subject to various laws and regulations pertaining to export controls and trade and economic sanctions, which can impact our business activities and subject us to liability for noncompliance. 
 Our activities are subject to various U.S. and foreign export control, import, and sanctions laws and regulations, including the U.S. Department of Commerce s Export Administration Regulations and the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control economic and trade sanctions programs (collectively, Trade Controls ). Trade Controls can restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, including in connection with Anvil s movement of assets between countries, and may from time to time may trigger regulatory licensing requirements. Our ability to secure requisite licensing is not guaranteed. 
 Trade Controls are subject to frequent change, and compliance therewith can be time- and resource-intensive. Although we have policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance, we cannot guarantee full compliance with those protocols, or with applicable Trade Controls. Violations of these regimes can result in significant financial penalties, loss of licensing privileges, other administrative penalties, reputational harm, and adverse business impact. 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputation or business. For example, we are subject to putative securities class litigation and certain officers and directors have been named in a related derivative complaint, which will result in significant legal expense and could divert management attention and adversely impact our business. 
 From time to time, we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. For example, in April 2022, a putative securities class action complaint was filed against us and certain of our officers and in June 2022, derivative complaints were filed against our officers and directors. These cases are still pending. See Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information. We evaluate these claims and litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. 
 Even when not merited, the defense of these lawsuits will result in legal fees and may divert management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us, which could negatively impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 
 Furthermore, while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of our recovery. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as cyber incidents or terrorism. 
 Our business and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins and similar events affecting us or third-party vendors we rely on, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our or our customers businesses or the economy as a whole. Our servers and those of our third-party vendors may also be vulnerable to cyber incidents, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer data. We or our customers may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans in place, and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. As we rely heavily on our servers, computer and communications systems, that of third parties and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high quality customer service, such disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 58 

Legislative actions and new accounting pronouncements are likely to impact our future financial position or results of operations. 
 Future changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse, unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect our financial position or results of operations. New pronouncements and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred with frequency in the past and are expected to occur again in the future and as a result we may be required to make changes in our accounting policies. Those changes could adversely affect our reported revenues and expenses, future profitability or financial position. Compliance with new regulations regarding corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. 
 For example, in October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . ASU 2021-08 requires the recognition and measurement of contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Considerations to determine the amount of contract assets and contract liabilities to record at the acquisition date include the terms of the acquired contract, such as timing of payment, identification of each performance obligation in the contract and allocation of the contract transaction price to each identified performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis as of contract inception. ASU 2021-08 is effective in the first quarter of 2023. ASU 2021-08 should be applied prospectively for acquisitions occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. We are currently assessing the impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
 The application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenues and costs, could have a significant impact on our reported results. In addition, compliance with new regulations regarding corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. As a result, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from business activities to compliance activities. 
 Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets would result in a decrease in our earnings. 
 Current accounting rules provide that goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives may not be amortized but instead must be tested for impairment at least annually. These rules also require that intangible assets with definite useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. We have substantial goodwill and other intangible assets, and we would be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined. Any impairment charges or changes to the estimated amortization periods would result in a decrease in our earnings. 
 We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 As our international operations expand, our exposure to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates grows. While we have primarily transacted with customers and vendors in U.S. dollars historically, we expect to continue to expand the number of transactions with our customers that are denominated in foreign currencies in the future. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may make our subscriptions more expensive for international customers, which could harm our business. Additionally, we incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at our non-U.S. locations in the local currency for such locations. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in an increase to the U.S. dollar equivalent of such expenses. These fluctuations could cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors. Additionally, such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could make it more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. 
 59 

We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Burlington, Massachusetts, where we occupy an approximately 73,500 square-foot facility as of December 31, 2022; under an amended lease entered into in 2022 which will expire on May 31, 2031, during 2023 we will reduce our Burlington, Massachusetts occupancy to approximately 36,700 square-feet. Our principal executive offices are also located in Pasadena, California, where we occupy an approximately 19,000 square-foot facility under a lease expiring on December 31, 2023. We also have additional offices in the United States as well as internationally including Canada, China, Germany, India, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. 
 We believe that our current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs. We intend to add new facilities or expand existing facilities as we add employees, and we believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 In April 2022, certain former shareholders of Anvil, which was acquired by Everbridge on November 4, 2021, filed a claim in the United Kingdom Commercial Court against Everbridge Holdings Limited and Everbridge, Inc. The suit claims that these companies breached certain provisions of the acquisition documents relating to the issuance of Everbridge, Inc. stock, which formed part of the consideration payable for the stock in Anvil. The claimants are seeking damages for losses they purport to have suffered as a result of these alleged breaches. 
 In April 2022, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against the Company, Jaime Ellertson, Patrick Brickley, and David Meredith (the Company s former Chief Executive Officer) by Sylebra Capital Partners Master Fund Ltd, Sylebra Capital Parc Master Fund, and Sylebra Capital Menlo Master Fund (collectively, Sylebra ). In September 2022, Sylebra filed an amended and restated complaint. The lawsuit alleges violations of the federal securities laws by us and certain of our officers and directors arising out of purported misrepresentations in the information we provided to investors regarding our organic and inorganic revenue growth and the status of integrating acquisitions, which allegedly artificially inflated the price of our stock during the period November 4, 2019 to February 24, 2022. We are not able to estimate the amount of the loss allegedly suffered by members of the putative class or the amount of legal costs and internal efforts associated with defending ourselves and our officers and directors. We believe that the allegations and claims made in this lawsuit are wholly without merit and intend to defend the action vigorously. In October 2022, we filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds, including failure to plead any actionable misstatement or omission, failure to establish scienter, and failure to meet the pleading requirements of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and other applicable law. Even if we were to prevail, this litigation could continue to be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. During the course of the litigation, we anticipate announcements of the results of hearings and motions, and other interim developments related to the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of our common stock may decline. If we are unsuccessful in defending ourselves in this litigation, this lawsuit could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 60 

In June 2022, a purported shareholder derivative action was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against certain current and former directors and officers of the Company, naming the Company as a nominal defendant. The suit claims that these individuals breached their fiduciary duties to our shareholders and to us generally in connection with the same set of circumstances alleged in the class action lawsuit. The complaint is derivative in nature and does not seek relief from us. This action has been stayed pending the outcome of the motion to dismiss filed in the putative class action lawsuit brought by Sylebra. 
 From time to time, we may become involved in other legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Except for the claim described above, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable 
 61 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock, is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol EVBG. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 124 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This section is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return for an investment of 100 in our common stock, the S P 500 Stock Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index. Data for the S P 500 Stock Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. 
 The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 
 
 62 

December 31, 2018 

December 31, 2019 

December 31, 2020 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 

Everbridge, Inc. 

100.00 

138.00 

263.00 

119.00 

52.00 

S P 500 Stock Index 

100.00 

129.00 

150.00 

190.00 

153.00 

S P 500 Information Technology Index 

100.00 

148.00 

210.00 

280.00 

199.00 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 November 2022, the Company received 22,914 in the Company's shares as final settlement of 1.50 convertible senior notes due November 1, 2022 (the 2022 Notes capped call options and subsequently retired the shares. 
 The following table details our monthly share repurchases during the three months ended December 30, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 

Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 

October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 

November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 

22,914 

December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 

Total 

22,914 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plan is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 63 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those under Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 Everbridge is a global software company that empowers resilience by leveraging intelligent automation technology to enable customers to anticipate, mitigate, respond to, and recover from critical events to keep people safe and organizations running. During public safety threats including severe weather conditions, active shooter situations, terrorist attacks or a pandemic, as well as critical business events such as IT outages, cyber-attacks, product recalls or supply-chain interruptions, global customers rely on our Critical Event Management platform to empower their resilience and to quickly and reliably aggregate and assess threat data, locate people at risk and responders able to assist, automate the execution of pre-defined communications processes through the secure delivery to a comprehensive range of different communication channels and devices, and track progress on executing response plans. Our customers use our platform to identify and assess hundreds of different types of threats to their organizations, people, assets or brand. Our solutions enable organizations to automate and deliver intelligent, contextual messages to, and receive verification of delivery from, hundreds of millions of recipients, across multiple communications modalities such as voice, SMS and e-mail, in several languages and dialects all simultaneously. Our Critical Event Management platform is comprised of a comprehensive set of software applications packaged for organizations to address five core use cases, safeguarding: Business Operations, People Resilience, Digital Operations, Smart Security, and Public Safety. Everbridge s individual products address the full spectrum of tasks an organization requires to manage a critical event, including Mass Notification, Safety Connection, IT Alerting, Visual Command Center, Public Warning, Community Engagement, Risk Center, Crisis Management, CareConverge, Control Center, 911 Connect, Travel Risk Management, SnapComms and E911. Everbridge applications leverage our Critical Event Management platform, permitting customers to use a single contacts database, rules engine of algorithms and hierarchies, and user interface to accomplish multiple objectives. We believe that our broad suite of integrated applications delivered via a single global CEM platform is a significant competitive advantage in the Resilience market. 
 Our customer base has grown from 867 customers at the end of 2011 to more than 6,500 customers as of December 31, 2022. Our customers are based in over 82 countries and include the majority of FORTUNE 50 businesses, and many of the largest cities, airports, health systems, manufacturers, and universities around the world. We provide our applications to customers of varying sizes, including enterprises, small businesses, non-profit organizations, educational institutions and governmental agencies. Our customers span a wide variety of industries including technology, energy, financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, media and entertainment, retail, higher education and professional services. 
 We sell all of our critical event management applications on a subscription basis. We generally enter into contracts that range from one to three years in length, with an average contract duration of 1.8 years as of December 31, 2022, and generally bill and collect payment annually in advance. We derive most of our revenue from subscriptions to applications. On average, 95 of the revenue that we recognized in each of the eight most recently completed quarters was generated from contracts entered into in prior quarters or renewals of those contracts; the balance of the revenue that we recognized in each such quarter was generated from contracts entered into with new customers or new contracts, other than renewals, entered into with existing customers in such quarter. We derived approximately 35 of our revenue in 2022 from sales of our Mass Notification application. Our pricing model is based on the number of applications subscribed to and, per application, the number of people, locations and things connected to our platform as well as the volume of communications. We also offer premium services including data feeds for social media, threat intelligence and weather. We generate additional revenue by expanding the number of applications that our customers subscribe to and the number of contacts and devices connected to our platform. 
 64 

We generated revenue of 431.9 million in 2022, 368.4 million in 2021, 271.1 million in 2020 and 200.9 million in 2019, representing year-over-year increases of 17 in 2022, 36 in 2021 and 35 in 2020. We had net losses of 61.2 million, 94.8 million, 93.4 million and 52.3 million in 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 During 2022, we updated our geographic market presentation. Prior period has been recast to conform to the current presentation. North America includes United States and Canada and International aggregates international revenues excluding Canada. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, 19 and 18 of our customers, respectively, were located outside of North America and these customers generated 26 and 25 of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We have focused on rapidly growing our business and believe that the future growth of our business is dependent on many factors, including our ability to increase the functionality of our platform and applications, expand our customer base, accelerate adoption of our applications beyond Mass Notification within our existing customer base and expand our international presence. Our future growth will also depend on the growth in the market for critical event management solutions and our ability to effectively compete. In order to further penetrate the market for critical event management solutions and capitalize on what we believe to be a significant opportunity, we intend to continue to invest in research and development, build-out our data center infrastructure and services capabilities and hire additional sales representatives, both domestically and internationally, to drive sales to new customers and incremental sales of new applications to existing customers. Nevertheless, we expect to continue to incur losses in the near term and, if we are unable to achieve our growth objectives, we may not be able to achieve profitability. 
 Recent Developments 
 On February 9, 2022, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved a modification to the performance thresholds of our PSU awards which affected 785 grantees and excluded our Named Executive Officers for 2021. The modified PSUs vest based on achieving certain revenue growth thresholds which range from 1 to 40 compounded annual growth over the measurement period. The modification date fair value for the PSUs was 55.31. Incremental stock-based compensation expense of 17.5 million will be recognized over the remaining service periods of the PSUs less subsequent forfeitures. 
 On May 3, 2022, our Board of Directors approved the 2022 Strategic Realignment program to strategically realign our resources in order to accelerate and grow our investments in our largest growth opportunities while streamlining our operations. This program is in support of the 2022 strategic initiatives to simplify our business and accelerate the integration of recent acquisitions, and will help to drive the financial outcomes of sustainable growth and improved profitability and cash flow. The 2022 Strategic Realignment program includes a targeted realignment and reduction of headcount, facilities and other third-party spend, including brand refresh initiatives. On November 2, 2022, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2022 Strategic Realignment program to include additional targeted realignment and reduction of headcount and other third-party spend. The 2022 Strategic Realignment is expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2023. 
 On July 25, 2022, David Wagner was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Everbridge, Inc. and on July 28, 2022, Mr. Wagner was appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of Everbridge, Inc. Mr. Wagner's initial annual base salary is 425,000 and he is eligible to earn an annual cash incentive bonus of 425,000, which will be pro-rated for fiscal 2022, pursuant to our management incentive plan upon the achievement of certain individual and/or company performance goals set by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. We granted Mr. Wagner the following awards pursuant to our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan: (i) 200,000 RSUs with 25 of the RSU grant vesting on December 31, 2022, and the remaining 75 vesting in twelve equal quarterly installments, with the first such vesting date on October 31, 2023, and (ii) 200,000 PSUs, with up to 75 of the PSU grant becoming eligible to vest based on the CAGR achieved by us during the eight fiscal quarters from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2023, and up to an additional 75 becoming eligible to vest based on the CAGR achieved during the 12 fiscal quarters from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, with the actual vesting date in each case occurring on the filing of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ending June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2025, respectively. The estimated total stock-based compensation associated with these grants of 10.7 million is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.3 years. 
 65 

In November 2022, we settled the remaining 8 thousand aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes at maturity. Additionally, in November 2022, we received 1.3 million in cash and 22,914 in our shares as final settlement of the capped call options related to the 2022 Notes. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we paid approximately 288.8 million in cash to repurchase approximately 316.4 million principal amount of the 2024 Notes. 
 Other Business and Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Rising interest rates present a recent challenge impacting the U.S. economy and could make it more difficult for us to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future. Additionally, the general consensus among economists suggests that we should expect a higher recession risk to continue over the next year, which, together with rising interest rates and inflation, could result in further economic uncertainty and volatility in the capital markets in the near term, and could negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, such economic conditions have produced downward pressure on share prices. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, we may experience increases in the near future, especially if inflation rates continue to rise, on our operating costs including our labor costs, employee availability and wage increases, consequences associated with COVID-19 and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine which may result in additional stress on the Company s working capital resources. 
 Presentation of Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Business acquisitions are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Our purchase accounting resulted in all assets and liabilities of acquired businesses being recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 We report our financial results as one operating segment. Our operating results are regularly reviewed on a consolidated basis by our chief executive officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, principally to make strategic decisions regarding how we allocate our resources and to assess our consolidated operating performance. 
 Adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2020-06 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . We adopted the standard on January 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective approach. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, we no longer separately present in equity the embedded conversion feature of the 2026 Notes, the 2024 Notes and the 2022 Notes (collective, the Convertible Senior Notes ). Instead, we account for the Convertible Senior Notes wholly as debt. Applying the separation models prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 to the Convertible Senior Notes involved the recognition of a debt discount, which was amortized to interest expense via the effective interest method. The elimination of the cash conversion model will reduce reported interest expense in periods subsequent to adoption. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized amortization of deferred costs in interest expense based on ASU 2020-06. As we adopted the standard using the modified retrospective approach, periods prior to our adoption have not been recast and are not directly comparable. See Notes 2 and 9 in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 66 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive most of our revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our critical event management and enterprise safety applications. 
 We generally bill and collect payment for our subscriptions annually in advance. All revenue billed in advance of services being delivered is recorded in deferred revenue. The initial subscription period typically ranges from one to three years. We offer varying levels of customer support based on customer needs and the complexity of their businesses, including the level of usage by a customer in terms of minutes or the amount of data used to transmit the notifications. Our pricing model is based on the number of applications subscribed to and, per application, the number of people, locations and things connected to our platform as well as the volume of communications. We also offer premium services including data feeds for social media, threat intelligence and weather. We generate additional revenue by expanding the number of premium features and applications that our customers subscribe to and the number of contacts connected to our platform. Our revenue growth in the near-term may be adversely affected by our ability to integrate our recent acquisitions, drive new client adoption and sales of our full-suite of solutions. 
 We also sell professional services, which primarily consist of fees for deployment and optimization services as well as training. In addition, we also sell our software and related post contract support for on premises usage. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue includes expenses related to the fulfillment of our subscription services, consisting primarily of employee-related expenses for data center operations and customer support, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Cost of revenue also includes hosting costs, messaging costs and depreciation and amortization. As we add data center capacity and support personnel in advance of anticipated growth, our cost of revenue will increase and, if anticipated revenue growth does not occur, our gross profit will be adversely affected. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses. Salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation expense and other personnel costs are the most significant components of each of these expense categories. We include stock-based compensation expense incurred in connection with the grant of stock options, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, market-based grants and our employee stock purchase plan within the applicable operating expense category based on the equity award recipient s functional area. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense primarily consists of employee-related expenses for sales, marketing and public relations employees, including salaries, bonuses, commissions, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Sales and marketing expense also includes trade show, market research, advertising and other related external marketing expense as well as office and software related costs to support sales. We defer certain sales commissions related to acquiring new customers or services and amortize these expenses ratably over the period of benefit that we have determined to be four years. Sales commissions attributable to professional services are expensed within twelve months of selling the service to the customer. We plan to continue to expand our sales and marketing functions to grow our customer base and increase sales to existing customers. This growth will include adding sales personnel and expanding our marketing activities to continue to generate additional leads and build brand awareness. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. 
 67 

Research and Development 
 Research and development expense primarily consists of employee-related expenses for research and development staff, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. Research and development expense also includes the cost of certain third-party services, office related costs to support research and development activities, software subscriptions and hosting costs. We capitalize certain software development costs that are attributable to developing new applications and adding incremental functionality to our platform and amortize these costs over the estimated life of the new application or incremental functionality, which is generally three years. We focus our research and development efforts on improving our applications, developing new applications and delivering new functionality. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense primarily consists of employee-related expenses for administrative, legal, finance and human resource personnel, including salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. General and administrative expense also includes professional fees, insurance premiums, corporate expenses, transaction-related costs, office-related expenses, facility costs, depreciation and amortization and software license costs. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. 
 Restructuring 
 Restructuring expense consists of 2022 Strategic Realignment program expenses related to headcount, facilities and other third-party spend. See Note 20 in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Interest and Investment Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash balances held at financial institutions. Investment income consist of interest earned on our short-term investments which consist of U.S. treasuries, U.S. government agency obligations and money market funds. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on our outstanding debt obligations including amortization of debt discounts and offering costs. 
 Gain (Loss) on Extinguishment of Debt, Capped Call Modification and Change in Fair Value 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value relates to the partial extinguishment of our 2024 Notes, extinguishment of our 2022 Notes, modification of a 2022 Notes capped call agreement, change in the fair value of 2022 Notes capped call options which were settled in cash and extinguishment of consideration loan notes issued in connection with our Anvil acquisition. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of realized foreign currency gains and losses. 
 68 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenue for those periods. The period-to-period comparison of our historical results is not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

431,892 

368,433 

271,141 

Cost of revenue (1) 

134,934 

114,216 

83,028 

Gross profit 

296,958 

254,217 

188,113 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing (1) 

173,621 

161,337 

123,330 

Research and development (1) 

95,986 

81,647 

62,512 

General and administrative (1) 

99,365 

87,482 

74,485 

Restructuring 

12,169 

Total operating expenses 

381,141 

330,466 

260,327 

Operating loss 

(84,183) 

(76,249) 

(72,214) 

Other income (expense), net 

20,611 

(31,126) 

(23,449) 

Loss before income taxes 

(63,572) 

(107,375) 

(95,663) 

Benefit from income taxes 

2,398 

12,579 

2,267 

Net loss 

(61,174) 

(94,796) 

(93,396) 

(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense and depreciation and amortization of acquired intangible assets as follows. During 2022, we updated the presentation of the allocation of stock-based compensation capitalized for software development. Prior period has been recast to conform to the current presentation (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Stock-based compensation expense: 

Cost of revenue 

5,468 

3,678 

2,966 

Sales and marketing 

15,917 

15,936 

15,836 

Research and development 

9,967 

8,717 

8,935 

General and administrative 

16,268 

15,764 

19,018 

Total 

47,620 

44,095 

46,755 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Depreciation and amortization expense: 

Cost of revenue 

24,896 

21,508 

12,165 

Sales and marketing 

1,210 

930 

932 

Research and development 

933 

710 

597 

General and administrative 

33,561 

30,020 

17,065 

Total 

60,600 

53,168 

30,759 

69 

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of revenue (1) : 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

100 

100 

100 

Cost of revenue 

31 

31 

31 

Gross profit 

69 

69 

69 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

40 

44 

45 

Research and development 

22 

22 

23 

General and administrative 

23 

24 

27 

Restructuring 

3 

0 

0 

Total operating expenses 

88 

90 

96 

Operating loss 

(19) 

(21) 

(27) 

Other income (expense), net 

5 

(8) 

(9) 

Loss before income taxes 

(15) 

(29) 

(35) 

Benefit from income taxes 

1 

3 

1 

Net loss 

(14) 

(26) 

(34) 

(1) Columns may not add up to 100 due to rounding. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenue 

431,892 

368,433 

63,459 

17.2 

Revenue increased by 63.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was due to a 63.5 million increase in sales of our solutions driven by expansion of our customer base from 6,135 customers as of December 31, 2021 to 6,513 as of December 31, 2022, including increased sales to larger organizations with greater numbers of contacts and locations. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cost of revenue 

134,934 

114,216 

20,718 

18.1 

Gross margin 

69 

69 

Cost of revenue increased by 20.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 9.6 million increase in employee-related costs, which include stock-based compensation. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. There were 407 and 497 employees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining increase was principally the result of a 4.0 million increase in travel risk management, operational resiliency and occupational health solutions costs, a 3.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our acquired intangible assets, a 2.9 million increase in hosting, software and messaging costs and a 0.8 million increase attributed to office and other related expenses to support revenue generating activities. 
 Gross margin percentage remained flat in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 70 

Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Sales and marketing 

173,621 

161,337 

12,284 

7.6 

of revenue 

40 

44 

Sales and marketing expense increased by 12.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 12.7 million increase in employee-related costs, which include stock-based compensation. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. There were 564 and 655 employees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining increase was principally the result of a 1.2 million increase attributed to office related expenses and a 0.4 million increase in software expenses to support the sales team, partially offset by a 2.0 million decrease in trade show and advertising costs. 
 Research and Development Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Research and development 

95,986 

81,647 

14,339 

17.6 

of revenue 

22 

22 

Research and development expense increased by 14.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 14.4 million increase in employee-related costs, which include stock-based compensation. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. There were 542 and 579 employees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining increase was principally the result of a 2.8 million increase in hosting and software related cost and a 0.2 million increase in office related expenses to support research and development activities, partially offset by a 1.2 million decrease in professional services. In addition, a total of 15.4 million of internally-developed software costs during 2022 and 13.5 million of internally-developed software costs during 2021 were capitalized, resulting in a 1.9 million offset to the increase during 2022. 
 General and Administrative Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

General and administrative 

99,365 

87,482 

11,883 

13.6 

of revenue 

23 

24 

General and administrative expense increased by 11.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 7.0 million net decrease in our contingent consideration obligation recognized in 2021 related to final obligation adjustments as well as a 4.0 million increase in employee-related costs, which include stock-based compensation. After the 2022 Strategic Realignment is completed, we expect a reduction in operational costs. There were 200 and 221 employees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The remaining increase was principally the result of a 3.5 million increase in depreciation and amortization and a 1.5 million increase in professional services and office related expenses to support the administrative team. These increases were partially offset by a 4.1 million decrease in allowance for credit losses partially due to a recovery from a payment received from a customer during 2022. 
 Restructuring 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Restructuring 

12,169 

12,169 

N/A 

of revenue 

3 

0 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred approximately 12.2 million of restructuring charges, of which 7.8 million was for employee-related expenses, 4.2 million was for facilities-related expenses and 0.2 million for other expenses. 
 71 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Other income (expense), net 

20,611 

(31,126) 

51,737 

166.2 

of revenue 

5 

(8) 

Other income (expense), net increased by 51.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a 30.8 million decrease in interest expense related to our convertible senior notes resulting from our adoption of ASU 2020-06 (see Notes 2 and 9 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06), a 16.6 million increase in gain on extinguishment of debt, a 5.3 million increase in interest income, a 2.4 million increase in net foreign currency transaction gains and a 1.2 million increase in other income, net partially due to a settlement of a receivable. These increases were partially offset by a 4.6 million decrease in fair value of 2022 Notes capped call options. 
 Income Taxes 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Benefit from income taxes 

2,398 

12,579 

(10,181) 

(80.9) 

of revenue 

1 

3 

Income tax benefit decreased by 10.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021. A portion of the losses incurred during 2022 were realized in some jurisdictions during the year or recognized as a deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2022 which was greater than the state and foreign tax incurred by our profitable separate legal subsidiaries. Losses incurred for other operating jurisdictions required a valuation allowance. The change in income tax benefit of 10.2 million for 2022 as compared to 2021 was related to the change in valuation allowance and the realization of losses against deferred tax liabilities established for prior acquisitions. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 For a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 Other Metrics 
 We regularly monitor a number of financial and operating metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make strategic decisions. Our other business metrics may be calculated in a manner different than similar other business metrics used by other companies (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Adjusted EBITDA 

42,115 

11,220 

8,044 

Adjusted gross profit 

315,036 

270,004 

195,236 

Adjusted free cash flow 

13,906 

2,441 

2,895 

Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA represents our net loss before interest and investment (income) expense, net, (benefit from) provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value, change in fair value of contingent consideration, stock-based compensation expense and costs related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment. We do not consider these items to be indicative of our core operating performance. The items that are non-cash include depreciation and amortization expense, (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value, change in fair value of contingent consideration and stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating 

72 

plans, make strategic decisions regarding the allocation of capital and invest in initiatives that are focused on cultivating new markets for our solutions. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, use of adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (1) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the capitalized software that is amortized will need to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; (2) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (3) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; (4) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments or receipts that may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us; and (5) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces the usefulness of the metric as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider adjusted EBITDA alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measures, net loss and our other GAAP financial results. 

The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net loss 

(61,174) 

(94,796) 

(93,396) 

Interest and investment expense, net 

(591) 

35,559 

22,082 

Benefit from income taxes 

(2,398) 

(12,579) 

(2,267) 

Depreciation and amortization 

60,600 

53,168 

30,759 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value 

(19,243) 

(7,181) 

446 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(57) 

(7,046) 

3,665 

Stock-based compensation 

47,620 

44,095 

46,755 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

17,358 

Adjusted EBITDA 

42,115 

11,220 

8,044 

73 

Adjusted Gross Profit . Adjusted gross profit represents gross profit plus amortization of acquired intangibles, stock-based compensation and costs related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment. Adjusted gross profit is a measure used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating plans. The exclusion of amortization of acquired intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and costs related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. In the near term, we expect these expenses to continue to negatively impact our gross profit. Adjusted gross profit is not a measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that adjusted gross profit provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, our use of adjusted gross profit has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. You should consider adjusted gross profit alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measures, gross profit and our other GAAP financial results. The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted gross profit to gross profit, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Gross profit 

296,958 

254,217 

188,113 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

11,657 

12,109 

4,157 

Stock-based compensation 

5,468 

3,678 

2,966 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

953 

Adjusted gross profit 

315,036 

270,004 

195,236 

Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow . Free cash flow represents net cash provided by (used in) operating activities minus capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs. Adjusted free cash flow represents free cash flow as further adjusted for cash payments for the 2022 Strategic Realignment. Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are measures used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating plans. The exclusion of capital expenditures, amounts capitalized for internally-developed software and cash payments for the 2022 Strategic Realignment facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis and excludes items that we do not consider to be indicative of our core operating performance. Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are not measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, our use of free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow have limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under GAAP. You should consider free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow alongside our other GAAP-based financial performance measures, net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, and our other GAAP financial results. The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

20,167 

22,193 

15,803 

Capital expenditures 

(3,462) 

(5,055) 

(3,257) 

Capitalized software development costs 

(15,065) 

(14,697) 

(9,651) 

Free cash flow 

1,640 

2,441 

2,895 

Cash payments for 2022 Strategic Realignment 

12,266 

Adjusted free cash flow 

13,906 

2,441 

2,895 

74 

Additional Supplemental Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we provide investors with certain additional supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP cost of revenue, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP sales and marketing expense, non-GAAP research and development expense, non-GAAP general and administrative expense, non-GAAP total operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss) and non-GAAP net income (loss), which we collectively refer to as non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude all or a combination of the following (as reflected in the following reconciliation tables): stock-based compensation expense, amortization of acquired intangibles, change in fair value of contingent consideration, accretion of interest on convertible senior notes and (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt and capped call modification and change in fair value, costs related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment and the tax impact of such adjustments. The tax impact of such adjustments was determined by recalculating current and deferred taxes utilizing non-GAAP pre-tax income for the year and analyzing changes in valuation allowance post purchase accounting. The presentation of the non-GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making purposes and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our operating results, enhance the overall understanding of past financial performance and future prospects and allow for greater transparency with respect to metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision making. While our non-GAAP financial measures are an important tool for financial and operational decision making and for evaluating our own operating results over different periods of time, you should consider our non-GAAP financial measures alongside our GAAP financial results. 
 We exclude stock-based compensation expense which can vary based on plan design, share price, share price volatility, and the expected lives of equity instruments granted. We believe that providing non-GAAP financial measures that exclude stock-based compensation expense allow for more meaningful comparisons between our operating results from period to period because stock-based compensation expense does not represent a cash expenditure. We believe that excluding the impact of amortization of acquired intangibles allows for more meaningful comparisons between operating results from period to period as the intangibles are valued at the time of acquisition and are amortized over a period of several years after the acquisition. We believe that excluding the change in fair value of contingent consideration allows for more meaningful comparisons between operating results from period to period, as it is non-operating in nature. We believe that excluding the impact of accretion of interest on convertible senior notes allows for more meaningful comparisons between operating results from period to period as accretion of interest on convertible senior notes relates to interest cost for the time value of money and are non-operating in nature. We believe that excluding (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value allows for more meaningful comparisons between operating results from period to period as gains and losses on extinguishment of debt, capped call modifications and change in fair value are non-operating in nature. We do not engage in the repurchase of convertible notes on a regular basis or in the ordinary course of business. We believe that excluding costs related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment allows for more meaningful comparisons between operating results from period to period as this is a discrete event based on a unique set of business objectives and is incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Accordingly, we believe that excluding these expenses provides investors and management with greater visibility of the underlying performance of our business operations, facilitates comparison of our results with other periods and may also facilitate comparison with the results of other companies in our industry. 
 There are limitations in using non-GAAP financial measures because the non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies and exclude expenses that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. Further, stock-based compensation expense has been and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of the compensation provided to our employees. 
 75 

The following table reconciles our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cost of revenue 

134,934 

114,216 

83,028 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

(11,657) 

(12,109) 

(4,157) 

Stock-based compensation 

(5,468) 

(3,678) 

(2,966) 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

(953) 

Non-GAAP cost of revenue 

116,856 

98,429 

75,905 

Gross profit 

296,958 

254,217 

188,113 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

11,657 

12,109 

4,157 

Stock-based compensation 

5,468 

3,678 

2,966 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

953 

Non-GAAP gross profit 

315,036 

270,004 

195,236 

Non-GAAP gross margin 

72.94 

73.28 

72.01 

Sales and marketing 

173,621 

161,337 

123,330 

Stock-based compensation 

(15,917) 

(15,936) 

(15,836) 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

(1,053) 

Non-GAAP sales and marketing 

156,651 

145,401 

107,494 

Research and development 

95,986 

81,647 

62,512 

Stock-based compensation 

(9,967) 

(8,717) 

(8,935) 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

(1,014) 

Non-GAAP research and development 

85,005 

72,930 

53,577 

General and administrative 

99,365 

87,482 

74,485 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

(31,325) 

(28,350) 

(15,979) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

57 

7,046 

(3,665) 

Stock-based compensation 

(16,268) 

(15,764) 

(19,018) 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

(2,168) 

Non-GAAP general and administrative 

49,661 

50,414 

35,823 

Restructuring (2022 Strategic Realignment) 

12,169 

Total operating expenses 

381,141 

330,466 

260,327 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

(31,325) 

(28,350) 

(15,979) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

57 

7,046 

(3,665) 

Stock-based compensation 

(42,152) 

(40,417) 

(43,789) 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

(16,404) 

Non-GAAP operating expenses 

291,317 

268,745 

196,894 

Operating loss 

(84,183) 

(76,249) 

(72,214) 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

42,982 

40,459 

20,136 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(57) 

(7,046) 

3,665 

Stock-based compensation 

47,620 

44,095 

46,755 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

17,357 

Non-GAAP operating income (loss) 

23,719 

1,259 

(1,658) 

Net loss 

(61,174) 

(94,796) 

(93,396) 

Amortization of acquired intangibles 

42,982 

40,459 

20,136 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(57) 

(7,046) 

3,665 

Stock-based compensation 

47,620 

44,095 

46,755 

2022 Strategic Realignment 

17,358 

Accretion of interest on convertible senior notes 

4,561 

35,271 

22,161 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value 

(19,243) 

(7,181) 

446 

Income tax adjustments 

(1,151) 

(1,278) 

(669) 

Non-GAAP net income (loss) 

30,896 

9,524 

(902) 

76 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through cash from sales to our customers, along with equity issuances and debt financing arrangements. Our principal source of liquidity is cash and cash equivalents totaling 198.7 million as of December 31, 2022. We have generated significant losses since inception and expect to continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalent balances and the cash flows generated by our operations will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations. However, our belief may prove to be incorrect, and we could utilize our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, if we fail to meet our operating plan during the next 12 months, our liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 Material Cash Requirements and Contractual Obligations 
 We expect to use cash primarily for operating activities, such as expansion of our sales and marketing operations, research and development activities and other working capital needs, such as salaries, bonuses, and other personnel cost and data center hosting costs, as well as payments for acquisitions of businesses, interest payments on our convertible senior notes and payments related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment. We expect to continue to finance our operations primarily through cash from sales to our customers and may consider future equity issuances and debt financing arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, our commitments to settle contractual obligations include 508.6 million principal amount of indebtedness under the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes (see Note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and lease obligations of 26.2 million (see Note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

492,758 

475,630 

539,662 

Cash provided by operating activities 

20,167 

22,193 

15,803 

Cash used in investing activities 

(18,893) 

(281,836) 

(85,185) 

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(290,520) 

276,344 

5,054 

Effects of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(1,918) 

427 

296 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

201,594 

492,758 

475,630 

At December 31, 2022, 16.7 million of the 201.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash was held by foreign subsidiaries. Our intention is to indefinitely reinvest foreign earnings in our foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were used to fund domestic operations, they would be subject to additional income taxes upon repatriation. 
 Sources of Funds 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In March 2021, we issued 375.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes, including 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of notes issued upon exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase additional 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes will mature on March 15, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted by the holders pursuant to their terms. 
 77 

The 2026 Notes have an initial conversion rate of 5.5341 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2026 Notes. This represents an initial effective conversion price of approximately 180.70 per share of common stock and approximately 2.1 million shares issuable upon conversion. Throughout the term of the 2026 Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2026 Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, upon conversion of a 2026 Note, except in limited circumstances. Accrued but unpaid special interest, if any, will be deemed to be paid by cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the holder upon conversion of a 2026 Note. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes, we purchased capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of our common stock underlying the 2026 Notes, with an initial strike price of approximately 180.70 per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 2026 Notes, and with a cap price of approximately 258.14. The cost of the purchased capped calls was 35.1 million. 
 In December 2019, we issued 450.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes, including 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of notes issued upon exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase additional 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature on December 15, 2024, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted by the holders pursuant to their terms. 
 The 2024 Notes have an initial conversion rate of 8.8999 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2024 Notes. This represents an initial effective conversion price of approximately 112.36 per share of common stock and approximately 4.0 million shares issuable upon conversion. Throughout the term of the 2024 Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2024 Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest, if any, upon conversion of a 2024 Note, except in limited circumstances. Accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid by cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the holder upon conversion of a 2024 Note. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, we purchased capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of our common stock underlying the 2024 Notes, with an initial strike price of approximately 112.36 per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2024 Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 2024 Notes, and with a cap price of approximately 166.46. The cost of the purchased capped calls was 44.9 million. 
 During fiscal year 2022, we paid approximately 288.8 million in cash to repurchase approximately 316.4 million principal amount of the 2024 Notes. 
 During fiscal year 2019, we paid 57.8 million to repurchase 23.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. We also partially terminated capped call options entered into in connection with the 2022 Notes during fiscal year 2019 and received 5.8 million. During fiscal year 2020, we issued 362,029 shares upon the conversion of approximately 12.2 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes in March 2021, we paid approximately 58.6 million in cash and issued 1,288,994 shares of common stock to repurchase approximately 58.6 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. We also partially terminated capped call options entered into in connection with the 2022 Notes in March 2021 and received approximately 10.6 million. In addition, during fiscal year 2021, we issued 627,212 shares upon the conversion of approximately 21.1 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. During fiscal year 2022, we settled 8 thousand aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes at maturity and received 1.3 million in cash and 22,914 in shares as final settlement of the capped call options. 
 Uses of Funds 
 Our historical uses of cash have primarily consisted of cash used for operating activities, such as expansion of our sales and marketing operations, research and development activities and other working capital needs as well as repurchases of convertible notes and payments related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment. 
 78 

Operating Activities 
 Our net loss and cash flows provided by or used in operating activities are significantly influenced by our investments in headcount and infrastructure to support our growth, marketing and sponsorship expenses, and our ability to bill and collect in a timely manner. Our net loss has been significantly greater than our use of cash for operating activities due to the inclusion of non-cash expenses and charges. 
 Operating activities generated 20.2 million in net cash in 2022 from 107.7 million in non-cash operating expenses, which was partially offset by our net loss of 61.2 million and by a 26.3 million decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities. Specifically, we recognized non-cash charges aggregating to 60.6 million for depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, capitalized software development costs and property and equipment, 47.6 million for stock-based compensation, 18.3 million for amortization of deferred commissions, 4.6 million related to the accretion of interest on our convertible senior notes, 0.7 million for loss on disposal of assets and 0.4 million for provision for credit losses, offset by 19.2 million gain on extinguishment of debt and capped call modification, 5.2 million for deferred income taxes and 0.1 million in other non-cash charges. The net change in operating assets and liabilities of 26.3 million reflected 23.1 million increase in deferred cost, a 4.9 million decrease in accounts payable, a 4.1 million decrease in accrued payroll and employee related liabilities, a 3.5 million increase in other assets, a 0.8 million increase in accounts receivable and a 0.2 million decrease in other liabilities. These amounts were offset by an 8.7 million increase in deferred revenue, a 1.0 million increase in accrued expenses and a 0.6 million decrease in prepaid expenses. 
 Operating activities generated 22.2 million in net cash in 2021 from 121.5 million in non-cash operating expenses, which was partially offset by our net loss of 94.8 million and by a 4.5 million decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities. Specifically, we recognized non-cash charges aggregating to 53.2 million for depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, capitalized software development costs and property and equipment, 44.1 million for stock-based compensation, 35.3 million related to the accretion of interest on our convertible senior notes, 14.4 million for amortization of deferred commissions, 4.8 million for provision for credit losses, offset by 13.0 million for deferred income taxes, 7.2 million gain on extinguishment of debt and capped call modification, 7.0 million change in the fair value of our contingent consideration obligation, a 2.7 million payment for contingent consideration and 0.4 million in other non-cash charges. The net change in operating assets and liabilities of 4.5 million reflected an 18.2 million increase in accounts receivable, a 16.8 million increase in deferred cost, a 4.0 million decrease in other liabilities, a 1.2 million increase in other assets and a 0.5 million increase in prepaid expenses. These amounts were offset by a 26.6 million increase in deferred revenue, a 3.8 million increase in accounts payable, a 3.1 million increase in accrued expenses and a 2.7 million increase in accrued payroll and employee related liabilities. 
 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures for capitalized software development costs, business acquisitions, property and equipment expenses and purchase and sales of short-term investments. 
 Investing activities used 18.9 million cash in 2022, which consisted of a 15.1 million investment in software development, 3.5 million in purchases of property and equipment and 1.6 million to settle certain Anvil acquisition purchase liabilities, offset by 1.2 million attributed to a landlord reimbursement. 
 Investing activities used 281.8 million cash in in 2021, which consisted of 262.1 million of cash paid related to the acquisitions of xMatters, Anvil, RedSky and SnapComms, 14.7 million of investment in software development and 5.1 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 79 

Financing Activities 
 Cash generated by financing activities includes proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our follow-on public offering, borrowings under our convertible senior notes, proceeds from the partial termination of convertible note capped call hedges, proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and contributions to our employee stock purchase plan. Cash used in financing activities includes payments for debt and offering issuance costs, purchases of convertible notes capped call hedges, extinguishment of debt, payment of contingent consideration and employee withholding liabilities from the issuance of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units. 
 Financing activities used 290.5 million of cash in 2022, which reflects 288.8 million in payments for the extinguishment of the 2024 Notes, a 6.3 million payment for employee withholding taxes related to the issuance of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units offset by 3.2 million from the issuance of stock under our employee stock purchase plan, 1.3 million in cash received for the partial termination of the 2022 Notes capped call options and 0.1 million in other financing activities. 
 Financing activities provided 276.3 million of cash in 2021, which reflects proceeds of 329.3 million from our 2026 Notes offering after deducting debt issuance cost and the cost for the capped call transactions entered into in connection with the 2026 Notes offering, 4.6 million from the issuance of stock under our employee stock purchase plan and 3.1 million from the exercise of stock options. These amounts were offset by 48.0 million in payments for the extinguishment of 2022 Notes offset by cash received for the partial termination of the 2022 Notes capped call options, 10.1 million in payments for employee withholding taxes related to the issuance of restricted stock units and 2.5 million in payments for contingent consideration. 
 Backlog 
 We generally sell our critical communications applications on a subscription basis. We generally enter into contracts that range from one to three years in length, with an average contract duration of 1.8 years as of December 31, 2022, and generally bill and collect payment annually in advance. Since we bill many of our customers at the beginning of each contract year, there can be amounts that we have not yet been contractually able to invoice. Until such time as these amounts are invoiced, they are not recorded in revenue, deferred revenue or elsewhere in our consolidated financial statements. We expect that the amount of backlog relative to the total value of our subscription agreements will change from year to year for several reasons, including the specific timing and duration of customer agreements, varying invoicing cycles of agreements, the specific timing of customer renewals and changes in customer financial circumstances. In addition, because revenue for any period is a function of revenue recognized from deferred revenue under contracts in existence at the beginning of the period, as well as contracts that are renewed and new customer contracts that are entered into during the period, backlog at the beginning of any period is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Our presentation of backlog may also differ from that of other companies in our industry. Due to these factors, as well as variances in billing arrangements with customers, we do not utilize backlog as a key management metric internally. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. Our critical accounting estimates that we believe to have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements are summarized below. 
 80 

Revenue Recognition 
 We derive our revenues primarily from subscription services and professional services. We recognize revenue in accordance with FASB ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: 
 Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; 

Determination of the transaction price; 

Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

Recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 

Subscription Services Revenues 
 Subscription services revenues primarily consist of fees that provide customers access to one or more of our hosted applications for critical event management, with routine customer support. Revenue is generally recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term beginning on the date that our service is made available to the customer. All services are recognized using an output measure of progress looking at time elapsed as the contract generally provides the customer equal benefit throughout the contract period. Our subscription contracts are generally two years or longer in length, billed annually in advance, and non-cancelable. 
 Professional Services Revenues 
 Professional services revenues primarily consist of fees for deployment and optimization services, as well as training. The majority of our consulting contracts revenue is recognized over time as the services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenue is recognized over time based on the proportion performed. 
 Software License Revenues 
 We also sell software and related post contract support for on premises usage as well as professional services, hardware and hosting. Our on premises license transactions are generally perpetual in nature and are recognized at a point in time when made available to the customer for use. Significant judgment is required to determine the standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation in order to allocate the transaction price for purposes of revenue recognition. Making this judgment of estimating a standalone selling price involves consideration of overall pricing objectives, market conditions and other factors, including the value of our other similar contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within our contracts. The significant judgment was primarily due to using such considerations to estimate the price that each distinct performance obligation would be sold for on a standalone basis because such performance obligations are typically sold together on a bundled basis. Changes in these estimates of standalone selling prices can have a material effect on the amount of revenue recognized from each distinct performance obligation. 
 Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 Most of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis for those performance obligations with stable observable prices and then the residual method applied for any performance obligation that has pricing which is highly variable. We determine the standalone selling prices based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, pricing when certain services are sold on a standalone basis, the applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the volume of services and users purchased. 
 81 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Allowance for credit risk for accounts receivables and contract assets is established based on various factors including credit profiles of our customers, historical payments and current economic trends. We review the allowance for accounts receivables and contract assets by assessing individual accounts receivable or unbilled contract assets over a specific aging and amount. All other balances are pooled based on historical collection experience. The estimate of expected credit losses is based on information about past events, current economic conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions that affect the collectability. Accounts receivable and contract assets are written-off on a case by case basis, net of any amounts that may be collected. If our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, credit loss expense may increase in future periods, and if it is too high, credit loss expense may decrease in future periods. 
 Deferred Costs 
 Sales commissions earned by our sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. These costs are deferred and then amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of benefit that we have determined to be four years. Sales commissions attributable to professional services are expensed within twelve months of selling the service to the customer. We determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration our customer contracts, our technology and other factors. Amortization of deferred commissions is included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We recognize compensation expense for RSUs based on the fair value of the award and on a straight-line basis over the vesting period based on the estimated portion of the RSU that is expected to vest. Our board of directors determines the fair value of RSUs based on the closing price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on the date of grant. 
 We grant PSUs that vest upon satisfaction of certain performance-based conditions. The PSUs generally vest based on us achieving certain revenue growth thresholds. The vesting of the PSUs is subject to the employee s continued employment with us through the date of achievement. The fair value is based on the value of our common stock at the date of issuance and the probability of achieving the performance metric. Compensation cost is recognized under the accelerated method and is adjusted in future periods for subsequent changes in the expected outcome of the performance related conditions. 
 For the portion of the PSUs that were modified in 2022, we determined on the modification date whether the awards would vest under both the original vesting conditions and the new vesting conditions. For PSUs where expectation of the achievement of performance conditions were probable both prior to and post-modification, total compensation cost was unchanged. For PSUs where expectation of the achievement of performance conditions changed from improbable prior to the modification to probable post-modification, the fair value of such modifications was based on the value of our common stock at the date of modification. For PSUs where expectation of the achievement of performance conditions were improbable both prior to and post-modification, no compensation expense was recognized. 
 We recognize compensation expense for our market-based grants based on the fair value of the award which is remeasured at each reporting period until settlement. Inherent in the valuation and recording of stock-based compensation for market-based grants, are several estimates that we made in regard to valuation and expense that will be incurred. We use the Monte-Carlo simulation model to measure the fair value of market-based grants. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical stock price volatility and implied volatility of our common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate on U.S. Treasury securities with maturities consistent with the expected term. We have not paid dividends and do not anticipate paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future and, accordingly, use an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 82 

We recognize compensation expense for our employee stock purchase plan ESPP based on the fair value of the award and on a straight-line basis over the term based on the estimated portion of the ESPP that is expected to vest. Inherent in the valuation and recording of stock-based compensation for ESPP, are several estimates that we made in regard to valuation and expense that will be incurred. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to measure the fair value of ESPP. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical stock price volatility and implied volatility of our common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the rate on U.S. Treasury securities with maturities consistent with the expected term. We have not paid dividends and do not anticipate paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future and, accordingly, use an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 Business Combinations 
 The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business being recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. 
 We perform valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on each acquisition accounted for as a business combination in order to record the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on our best estimate of fair value. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenue and cash flows, discount rates and selection of comparable companies. Significant estimation is required in determining the fair value of the customer relationship intangible assets, deferred revenue and contingent consideration liabilities. The significant estimation is primarily due to the judgmental nature of the inputs to the valuation models used to measure the fair value of these intangible assets, deferred revenue and contingent consideration liabilities, as well as the sensitivity of the respective fair values to the underlying significant assumptions. We use the income approach to measure the fair value of these intangible assets, a discounted cash flow approach for deferred revenue and a Monte Carlo simulation model to measure the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the intangible assets, deferred revenue and contingent consideration liabilities included forecasted revenues from existing customers, existing customer attrition rates, estimated costs required to fulfill the deferred revenue obligation and forecasted revenues for the contingent consideration earnout period. When estimating the significant assumptions to be used in the valuation we include a consideration of current industry information, market and economic trends, historical results of the acquired business, nature of the performance obligations associated with the deferred revenue and other relevant factors. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. We engage the assistance of valuation specialists in concluding on fair value measurements in connection with determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. 
 The valuation of the contingent consideration is derived using estimates of the probability of achievement within specified time periods based on projections of future revenue metrics per the terms of the applicable agreements. These include estimates of our assessment of the probability of meeting such results, with the probability-weighted earn-out using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model then discounted to estimate fair value. Fair value is estimated using the probability weighted cash flow estimate closer to the measurement date. The various operating performance measures included in these contingent consideration agreements primarily relate to product revenue. 
 Transaction costs associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired in our business combinations. Goodwill is not amortized and is tested for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We performed our annual impairment assessment on November 30, 2022. We operate under one reporting unit and as a result, evaluate goodwill impairment based on our fair value as a whole. 
 83 

To determine the number of operating segments and reporting units that are present, we analyzed whether there is any customer, product or geographic information that drives the chief operating decision maker s (our chief executive officer) decisions on how to allocate resources and whether any segment management exists. Management has concluded that operating decisions are made at the consolidated company level and there is no segment management in place that reviews results of operations with the chief operating decision maker. 
 In assessing goodwill for impairment, an entity has the option to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. An entity can choose not to perform a qualitative assessment for any of its reporting units and proceed directly to the use of the two-step impairment test. 
 When assessing goodwill for impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022, we first performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it was necessary to perform the two-step quantitative analysis. Based on the qualitative assessment including our share price decrease as well as positive factors related to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance and market capitalization, we determined it was unlikely that our reporting unit fair value was less than its carrying value and the two-step impairment test was not required. Based on the results of our most recent annual qualitative assessment performed on November 30, 2022, there was no impairment of goodwill recorded. 
 Capitalized Software Development Costs 
 We capitalize certain costs related to the development of our platform and other software applications for internal use. In accordance with authoritative guidance, we begin to capitalize our costs to develop software when preliminary development efforts are successfully completed, management has authorized and committed project funding, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as intended. We stop capitalizing these costs when the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, including the completion of all significant testing. These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the related asset, generally estimated to be three years. We also capitalize costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable the expenditure will result in additional functionality and expense costs incurred for maintenance and minor upgrades and enhancements. Costs incurred prior to meeting these criteria together with costs incurred for training and maintenance are expensed as incurred and recorded within product development expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. We exercise judgment in determining the point at which various projects may be capitalized, in assessing the ongoing value of the capitalized costs and in determining the estimated useful lives over which the costs are amortized. To the extent that we change the manner in which we develop and test new features and functionalities related to our platform, assess the ongoing value of capitalized assets or determine the estimated useful lives over which the costs are amortized, the amount of internal-use software development costs we capitalize and amortize could change in future periods. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the balance sheet classification of the convertible senior notes. We analyze our intention to settle all of the debt at maturity or to settle in shares if exercised by the debt holder prior to maturity in order to classify the debt as long-term on the balance sheet. 
 Capped call options which were settled in cash were accounted for as derivative instruments. Significant judgment was required in determining the value of derivative asset. We determined the fair value of the derivative asset based on the value of our common stock. 
 84 

Prior to our adoption of ASU 2020-06, significant judgment was required in determining the liability component of the related convertible senior notes as well as the balance sheet classification of the elements of the convertible senior notes. We accounted for the convertible senior notes, the partial repurchase and conversions of the 2022 Notes as separate liability and equity components, determining the fair value of the respective liability components based on an estimate of the fair value of a similar liability without a conversion option and assigning the residual value to the equity component. We estimated the fair value of the liability component of the convertible senior notes using a discounted cash flow model with a risk adjusted yield for similar debt instruments, absent any embedded conversion feature. In estimating the risk adjusted yield, we utilized both an income and market approach. For the income approach, we used a convertible bond pricing model, which included several assumptions including volatility and the risk-free rate. For the market approach, we performed an evaluation of issuances of convertible debt securities issued by other comparable companies. Additionally, a detailed analysis of the terms of the convertible senior notes transactions was required to determine existence of any derivatives that may require separate mark-to-market accounting under applicable accounting guidance. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates as well as, to a lesser extent, inflation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our investment portfolio is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. The fair market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in interest rates while income earned on floating rate securities may decline as a result of decreases in interest rates. Under our current policies, we do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes. We attempt to ensure the safety and preservation of our invested principal funds by limiting default risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. We mitigate default risk by investing in investment grade securities. We have historically maintained a relatively short average maturity for our investment portfolio, and we believe a hypothetical 100 basis point adverse move in interest rates along the entire interest rate yield curve would not change the fair value of our interest sensitive financial instruments by a material amount. In addition, if a 100-basis point change in overall interest rates were to occur in 2022, our interest income would not change significantly in relation to amounts we would expect to earn, based on our cash, cash equivalents, and investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in interest rates may also impact gains or losses from the conversion of our outstanding convertible senior notes. In March 2021, we issued 375 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes. In December 2019, we issued 450 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2024 Notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid approximately 288.8 million in cash to repurchase approximately 316.4 million principal amount of the 2024 Notes. In November 2017, we issued 115 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2022 Notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we settled the remaining 8 thousand aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes at maturity. The 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes are convertible under certain circumstances, including trading price conditions related to our common stock, and upon conversion, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. The 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes were not convertible during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk in the ordinary course of our business. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments include cash in readily available checking and money market accounts and marketable securities. These securities are not dependent on interest rate fluctuations that may cause the principal amount of these assets to fluctuate. 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 198.7 million as of December 31, 2022, which consisted of bank deposits and money market funds. To date, fluctuations in interest income have not been significant. 
 85 

We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than our functional currency, the U.S. dollar, principally British Pounds, Euro, Norwegian Krone, Swedish Kronor and other foreign currencies. Movements in foreign currencies in which we transact business could significantly affect future net earnings. For example, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar has a negative impact on our reported international net revenue but a positive impact on our reported international operating expenses. We do not currently engage in any hedging activity to reduce our potential exposure to currency fluctuations, although we may choose to do so in the future. A hypothetical 10 change in foreign exchange rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in foreign currency rate. 
 Inflation Risk 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations historically. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 Financial Statements 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). 
 86 

Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) as issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report includes an attestation report regarding our internal control over financial reporting by our registered public accounting firm, which appears in the appendix to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our global organization have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13(a)-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None 
 Item 9C. Disclo sure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable 
 87 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As part of our system of corporate governance, our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics. The code applies to all of our employees, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions), agents and representatives, including our independent directors and consultants, who are not employees of ours, with regard to their activities related to our business. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.everbridge.com. We intend to post on this section of our website any amendment to our code of business conduct and ethics, as well as any waivers of our code of business conduct and ethics, that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC or the Nasdaq Global Market. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 88 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 1. Financial Statements. The financial statements as set forth under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated herein. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is shown in the financial statements or related notes. 

3. Exhibits. See (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

3.1 
 
 Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everbridge, Inc. 

10-Q 
 
 001-37874 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/9/21 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Everbridge, Inc. 

10-Q 
 
 001-37874 
 
 3.2 
 
 8/9/21 

4.1 
 
 Form of common stock certificate of Everbridge, Inc. 

S-1/A 
 
 333-213217 
 
 4.1 
 
 9/6/16 

4.2 
 
 Base Indenture, dated November 20, 2017, between Everbridge, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/20/17 

4.3 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, Dated November 20, 2017, between Everbridge, Inc. and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including the form of 1.5 convertible senior notes due 2022). 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 4.2 
 
 11/20/17 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated December 13, 2019, between Everbridge, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/13/19 

4.5 
 
 Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 4.5 
 
 2/25/22 

4.6 
 
 Indenture, dated March 11, 2021, between Everbridge, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/11/21 

4.7 
 
 Form of Global Note, representing Everbridge, Inc. s 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 4.2 
 
 3/11/21 

10.1 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2018 by and between Everbridge, Inc. and PR 155 North Lake, LLC. 

10-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/1/19 

10.2+ 
 
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and as currently in effect, and Forms of Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise thereunder. 

S-1/A 
 
 333-213217 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/6/16 

89 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

10.3+ 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise and Stock Option Grant Notice thereunder. 

S-1/A 
 
 333-213217 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/6/16 

10.4+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Everbridge, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 

10-Q 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/14/17 

10.5+ 
 
 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

S-1/A 
 
 333-213217 
 
 10.5 
 
 9/6/16 

10.6+ 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan. 

10-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.6 
 
 2/26/21 

10.7+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Everbridge, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers. 

S-1 
 
 333-213217 
 
 10.9 
 
 8/19/16 

10.8+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Engagement Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and Jaime Ellertson. 

10-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.9 
 
 2/26/21 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2019, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and Patrick Brickley. 

8- K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 3/1/19 

10.10+ 
 
 Letter agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between Patrick Brickley and Everbridge, Inc. 

8- K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/9/21 

10.11+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2019, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and Vernon Irvin. 

10-Q 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/8/19 

10.12+ 
 
 Letter agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between Vernon Irvin and Everbridge, Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/9/21 

10.13+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July 25, 2022, between David Wagner and the Company. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/25/22 

10.14+ 
 
 Consulting Services Agreement dated December 31, 2022 between Elliot J. Mark and the Company. 
 
 X 

10.15+ 
 
 2022 Corporate Bonus Plan of Everbridge, Inc. 
 
 X 

10.16+ 
 
 Everbridge, Inc. Severance Plan. 

10-Q 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/9/22 

10.17+ 
 
 Everbridge, Inc. 2022 Inducement Incentive Plan. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/20/22 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Option Grant Notice and Award Agreement under the Everbridge, Inc. 2022 Inducement Incentive Plan. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/20/22 

10.19+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement under the Everbridge, Inc. 2022 Inducement Incentive Plan. 

8-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/20/22 

10.20 
 
 Lease, dated as of December 16, 2016, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and Burlington Centre Owner, LLC. 

10-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.20 
 
 3/23/17 

90 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

10.21 
 
 First Amendment to Lease, dated as of February 6, 2018, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and 25 Corporate Drive LLC. 

10-K 
 
 001-37874 
 
 10.20 
 
 3/1/19 

10.22 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease, dated as of October 16, 2018, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and 25 Corporate Drive LLC. 
 
 X 

10.23 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease, dated as of November 15, 2022, by and between Everbridge, Inc. and 25 Corporate Drive LLC. 
 
 X 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Everbridge, Inc. 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young, LLP. 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

91 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data is embedded within the Inline XBRL document or included within the Exhibit 101 attachments 
 
 X 

This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 92 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Everbridge, Inc. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ David J. Wagner 

David J. Wagner 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Patrick Brickley 

Patrick Brickley 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David J. Wagner 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David J. Wagner 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Patrick Brickley 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Patrick Brickley 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Phillip E. Huff 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Phillip E. Huff 
 
 Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ David Benjamin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David Benjamin 

/s/ Richard D Amore 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Richard D Amore 

/s/ Alison Dean 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Alison Dean 

/s/ Rohit Ghai 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Rohit Ghai 

/s/ David Henshall 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 24, 2023 

David Henshall 

/s/ Kent Mathy 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Kent Mathy 

/s/ Simon Paris 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Simon Paris 

/s/ Sharon Rowlands 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Sharon Rowlands 

93 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 11 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Everbridge, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Everbridge, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for Convertible Senior Notes in 2022 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F- 2 

Accounting for Software Revenue Contracts 

Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company has a number of contracts under which it is required to deliver its software onto customer-controlled premises. In addition to it, such contracts usually have additional performance obligations, such as software support and maintenance, professional services, and managed services. Revenue recognition accounting policy for such contracts is discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The financial statement accounts primarily affected by such transactions were revenue and deferred revenue. Auditing such transactions was especially challenging because of the significant judgment required by management to determine the standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation in order to allocate the transaction price for purposes of revenue recognition. Making this judgment of estimating a standalone selling price involves consideration of overall pricing objectives, market conditions and other factors, including the value of the Company s other similar contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations and the number and types of users within the Company s contracts. The significant judgment was primarily due to using such considerations to estimate the price that each distinct performance obligation would be sold for on a standalone basis because such performance obligations are typically sold together on a bundled basis. Changes in these estimates of standalone selling prices can have a material effect on the amount of revenue recognized from each distinct performance obligation. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the revenue recognition process for software licenses, including controls over the determination of standalone selling prices for distinct performance obligations. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s judgments related to the estimate of standalone selling price of each performance obligation. We tested management s estimate of stand-alone selling price of each performance obligation, including an evaluation of the assumptions applied by the Company in the estimates by comparing those significant assumptions to the Company s overall pricing objectives, market conditions and other factors, including the value of the Company s other similar contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations and the number and types of users within the Company s contracts. We met with the project managers to discuss and evaluate those estimates. We also performed a sensitivity analysis of the significant assumptions to evaluate the impact that the change in the standalone selling price of each identified performance obligation resulting from changes in the assumptions would have on revenue recognized during the period. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 F- 3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Everbridge, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Everbridge, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Everbridge, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 24, 2023 
 F- 4 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Assets held for sale 

Deferred costs and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Capitalized software development costs, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Restricted cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred costs and other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and employee related liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Contingent consideration liabilities 

Convertible senior notes 

Liabilities held for sale 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Deferred revenue, noncurrent 

Convertible senior notes 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other long term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Restructuring 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other expense, net: 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: 

Basic 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of St ockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in 

Accumulated 

Accumulated- other comprehensive 

Shares 

Par value 

capital 

deficit 

income (loss) 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units 

Stock award shares withheld to settle employee tax withholding liability 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan 

Settlement of convertible notes due 2022 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with acquisitions 

Issuance of common stock for contingent consideration 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units 

Stock award shares withheld to settle employee tax withholding liability 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan 

Equity component of convertible notes due 2026, net of allocated issuance costs and taxes 

Purchase of capped call hedge for the convertible notes due 2026, including issuance costs 

() 

() 

Settlement of convertible notes due 2022 

Termination and modification of capped call hedge for the convertible notes due 2022 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

F- 7 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in 

Accumulated 

Accumulated- other comprehensive 

Shares 

Par value 

capital 

deficit 

loss 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

() 

() 

Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2020-06, net of taxes 

() 

() 

Modification of 2022 Notes capped call options and resulting reclassification to derivative asset 

Capped call termination and retirement of shares 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units 

Stock award shares withheld to settle employee tax withholding liability 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of shares under employee stock purchase plan 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

EVERBRIDGE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred costs 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of interest on convertible senior notes 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

() 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value 

() 

() 

Provision for credit losses and sales reserve 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration obligation 

() 

() 

Payment of contingent consideration in excess of acquisition date fair value 

() 

Other non-cash adjustments 

() 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Deferred costs 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued payroll and employee related liabilities 

() 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from landlord reimbursement 

Payments for acquisition of business, net of acquired cash 

() 

() 

() 

Additions to capitalized software development costs 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of intangibles 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

F- 9 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Payments of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Purchase of convertible notes capped call hedge 

() 

Repurchase of convertible notes 

() 

() 

Proceeds from termination of convertible notes capped call hedge 

Payments of contingent consideration obligation 

() 

Payments associated with shares withheld to settle employee tax withholding liability 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from option exercises 

Other 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Taxes, net of refunds received 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities 

Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions 

Deferred consideration in connection with acquisition 

Contingent consideration in connection with acquisitions 

Common stock issued in connection with contingent consideration payment 

Purchase accounting payable, net 

() 

Common stock issued in connection with settlement of convertible notes 

Modification of 2022 Notes capped call options and resulting reclassification from equity to derivative asset 

Common stock received in connection with settlement of capped call options 

Purchased intangible asset decrease 

() 

() 

Capitalized assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Stock-based compensation capitalized for software development 

Treasury stock retired 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 

Everbridge, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidat ed Financial Statements 

There have been significant changes to the global economic situation as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic. There continue to be uncertainties with respect to macroeconomic conditions as a result of the pandemic and otherwise and there may be future periods of global instability and volatility in markets where the Company conducts business which could cause changes to estimates as a result of the financial circumstances. Such changes to estimates could potentially result in impacts that would be material to the consolidated financial statements, particularly with respect to the timing of revenue recognition resulting from potential implementation delays, evaluating the recoverability of long-lived assets with finite useful lives for impairment and estimates of credit losses for accounts receivables and contract assets. impairments were recorded as of the balance sheet date; however, due to significant uncertainty surrounding the situation, management's judgment regarding this could change in the future. As of the date of issuance of these financial statements, the Company s results of operations have not been significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic; however, the Company continues to monitor the situation. 
 ASU 2021-10 on on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard did t have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. ASU 2021-04 In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options . ASU 2021-04 requires accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain equity classified after the modification or exchange based on the economic substance of the modification or exchange. The recognition of the modification depends on the nature of the transaction in which the equity-classified written call option is modified. If there is more than one element in a transaction (for example, if the modification involves both a debt modification and an equity issuance), then the guidance requires allocating the effect of the option modification to each element. The Company ASU 2021-04 on on a prospective basis. The adoption of this standard did t have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. ASU 2020-06 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . ASU 2020-06 reduces the number of accounting models for convertible instruments by eliminating two of the three models in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options , that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features, amends the requirements for a contract that is potentially settled in an entity s own shares to be classified in equity, and amends certain guidance on the computation of earnings per share for convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity. The Company the standard on using the modified retrospective approach. Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company no longer separately presents in equity the embedded conversion feature of the convertible senior notes due (the 2026 Notes ), convertible senior notes due (the 2024 Notes and convertible senior notes due (the 2022 Notes (collective, the Convertible Senior Notes ). Instead, the Company accounts for the Convertible Senior Notes wholly as debt. Applying the separation models prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 to the Convertible Senior Notes involved the recognition of a debt discount, which was amortized to interest expense via the effective interest method. The elimination of the cash conversion model will reduce reported interest expense in periods subsequent to adoption. Adoption of ASU 2020-06 resulted in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the convertible senior notes, deferred tax liabilities, additional paid-in capital and a cumulative catch-up adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated deficit; however, prior-period information, including basic and diluted loss per share of common stock, has not been adjusted as a result of applying the modified retrospective approach and continue to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for the prior period. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 had impact on total cash provided from or used in operating, financing, or investing activities in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. For details on the impact of the Company s adoption of ASU 2020-06, see Note 9. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted ASU 2021-08 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers . ASU 2021-08 requires the recognition and measurement of contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Considerations to determine the amount of contract assets and contract liabilities to record at the acquisition date include the terms of the acquired contract, such as timing of payment, identification of each performance obligation in the contract and allocation of the contract transaction price to each identified performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis as of contract inception. ASU 2021-08 is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2023. ASU 2021-08 should be applied prospectively for acquisitions occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption of the proposed amendments would be permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently assessing the impact this standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. ASU 2022-04 In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs . Supplier finance programs allow a buyer to offer its suppliers the option for access to payment in advance of an invoice due date, which is paid by a third-party finance provider or intermediary on the basis of invoices that the buyer has confirmed as valid. ASU 2022-04 requires that a buyer in a supplier finance program disclose key terms of the program, the balance sheet presentation of program obligations, amounts outstanding and rollforward of program obligations. ASU 2022-04 is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2023, except for rollforward information reporting which is effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2024. The Company is currently assessing the impact this standard will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Accounting standards describe a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value which are the following: Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities or funds. Level 2 Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 . From time to time, balances may exceed amounts insured by the FDIC. The Company has not experienced any losses in such amounts. The Company s accounts receivable are generally unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers primarily located in the United States, Norway, Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom and are generally denominated in U.S. Dollars, Norwegian Krone, Euro, Swedish Kronor or British Pounds. Each reporting period, the Company reevaluates each customer s ability to satisfy credit obligations and maintains an allowance for credit risk based on the evaluations. single customer comprised more than 10 of the Company s total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . single customer comprised more than 10 of the Company s gross accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022 . customer comprised approximately of the Company s gross accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2021 . 

for computer software, office computers and system software, for system hardware and furniture and equipment, and over the shorter of lease term or useful life of the assets for leasehold improvements. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Company s results of operations. 
 , beginning when the asset is substantially ready for use. The amortization of capitalized software development costs is reflected in cost of revenue. For software licenses for on premises usage, software development costs are capitalized in accordance with ASC 985-20, Costs of Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed . The Company capitalizes software development costs incurred after technological feasibility of the software is established or for development costs that have alternative future uses. Under the Company s current practice, the technological feasibility of the underlying software is not established until substantially all product development and testing is complete, which generally includes the development of a working model. Software development costs that have been capitalized to date have not been material. 
 The Company performs valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on each acquisition accounted for as a business combination, and allocates the purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on its best estimate of fair value. Acquired intangible assets include: tradenames, customer relationships, and developed technology. The Company determines the appropriate useful life of intangible assets by performing an analysis of cash flows based on historical experience of the acquired businesses. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives based on the pattern in which the economic benefits associated with the asset are expected to be consumed, which to date has approximated the straight-line method of amortization. The estimated useful lives for tradenames, customer relationships, and technology are generally three to , five to , and three to , respectively. The valuation of the contingent consideration is derived using estimates of the probability of achievement within specified time periods based on projections of future revenue metrics per the terms of the applicable agreements. These include estimates of the Company s assessment of the probability of meeting such results, with the probability-weighted earn-out using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model then discounted to estimate fair value. Fair value is estimated using the probability weighted cash flow estimate closer to the measurement date. The various operating performance measures included in these contingent consideration agreements primarily relate to product revenue. 

. The Company evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets in accordance with the long-lived assets policy states above. If the estimate of an intangible asset s remaining useful life is changed, the Company amortizes the remaining carrying value of the intangible asset prospectively over the revised remaining useful life. 
 impairment based on the qualitative assessment including our share price decrease as well as positive factors related to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, financial performance and market capitalization. 
 
 Recognize revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied Revenues are recognized when or as control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers. Revenue from subscriptions to the Company s critical event management and enterprise safety applications is recognized ratably over the subscription period beginning on the date the Company s online software products are made available to customers. Most subscription contracts are or more. The Company recognizes revenue from professional services as the services are provided. Software on premises license transactions are generally perpetual in nature and are recognized at a point in time when made available to the customer for use. Disaggregation of Revenue The Company provides disaggregation of revenue based on geographic region (see Note 15) and based on the subscription versus professional services and other classification on the consolidated statements of operations as it believes this best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Subscription Services Revenues Subscription services revenues primarily consist of fees that provide customers access to one or more of the Company s hosted applications for critical event management, with routine customer support. Revenue is generally recognized over time on a ratable basis over the contract term beginning on the date that the Company s service is made available to the customer. All services are recognized using an output measure of progress looking at time elapsed as the contract generally provides the customer equal benefit throughout the contract period. Professional Services Revenues Professional services revenues primarily consist of fees for deployment and optimization services, as well as training. The majority of the Company s consulting contracts revenue is recognized over time as the services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenue is recognized over time based on the proportion performed. Software License Revenues The Company also sells software and related post contract support for on premises usage as well as professional services, hardware and hosting. The Company s on premises license transactions are generally perpetual in nature and are recognized at a point in time when made available to the customer for use. Significant judgment is required to determine the standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation in order to allocate the transaction price for purposes of revenue recognition. Making this judgment of estimating a standalone selling price involves consideration of overall pricing objectives, market conditions and other factors, including the value of the Company's other similar contracts, the applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within the Company s contracts. The significant judgment was primarily due to using such considerations to estimate the price that each distinct performance obligation would be sold for on a standalone basis because such performance obligations are typically sold together on a bundled basis. Changes in these estimates of standalone selling prices can have a material effect on the amount of revenue recognized from each distinct performance obligation. Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations Most of the Company s contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, the Company accounts for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis for those performance obligations with stable observable prices and then the residual method applied for any performance obligation that has pricing which is highly variable. The Company determines the standalone selling prices based on the Company s overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of the Company s contracts, pricing when certain services are sold on a standalone basis, the applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the volume of services and users. Returns The Company does not offer rights of return for its products and services in the normal course of business. Customer Acceptance The Company s contracts with customers generally do not include customer acceptance clauses. 
 
 . Sales commissions attributable to professional services are expensed within twelve months of selling the service to the customer. The Company has determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration its customer contracts, its technology and other factors. Sales commissions attributed to renewals are not material and are not commensurate with initial and growth sales. Amortization of deferred commissions is included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, were recorded as a component of other expenses, net, on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Provision for expected credit losses 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs, net 

Balance, end of period 

() 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net contract asset 

() 

Provision for expected credit losses, net 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

Balance, end of period 

() 

() 

() 

Credit loss expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. A payment received from a customer during the year ended December 31, 2022 reduced credit losses expense by million.) 

() 

() 

Additions 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

Balance, end of period 

() 

() 

() 

Leasehold improvements (1) 

System hardware 

Office computers 

Computer and system software 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

(1) years. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. 

years 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

years 

() 

The Company capitalized software development costs of million , million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortized expense for capitalized software development costs was million , million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization of capitalized software development costs is classified within cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

2024 

2025 

impairments were identified of those assets requiring measurement at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Company classifies and discloses fair value measurements in one of the following three categories of fair value hierarchy: Level 1	Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets and liabilities. Level 2	Quoted prices in markets that are not active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 3	Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Total financial assets 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

Total financial liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 

Quoted 

Significant 

Prices in 

Other 

Significant 

Active 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Markets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

Total Fair 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Value 

Assets: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Total financial assets 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

Total financial liabilities 

The Company s assets that are measured by management at fair value on a recurring basis are generally classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company did not have any transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The fair value of the Company s investments in certain money market funds is their face value and such instruments are classified as Level 1 and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, gains or losses realized on the sale of investments were not material. Investments are reviewed periodically to identify possible other-than-temporary impairments. As the Company has the ability and intent to hold these investments with unrealized losses for a reasonable period of time sufficient for the recovery of fair value, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired for any of the periods presented. 

Contingent consideration from RedSky acquisition 

Contingent consideration from Anvil acquisition 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration obligation from SnapComms acquisition 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration obligation from one2many acquisition 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration obligation from RedSky acquisition 

() 

Payment for SnapComms acquisition 

() 

Payment for one2many acquisition 

() 

Payment for RedSky acquisition 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Fair value at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration obligation from Anvil acquisition 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Fair value at December 31, 2022 

The valuation of the contingent consideration was derived using estimates of the probability of achievement within specified time periods based on projections of future revenue metrics per the terms of the applicable agreements. These include estimates of the Company s assessment of the probability of meeting such results, with the probability-weighted earn-out using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model then discounted to estimate fair value. Fair value is estimated using the probability weighted cash flow estimate closer to the measurement date. The various operating performance measures included in these contingent consideration agreements primarily relate to product revenue. As these are unobservable inputs, the contingent consideration liabilities are included in Level 3 inputs. On May 27, 2020, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Techwan SA Techwan pursuant to which the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of Techwan (see Note 8). In accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement, shares of the Company s common stock were reserved and were expected to be issued to the sellers in November 2021 subject to the provisions in the Stock Purchase Agreement. Management analyzed the liability for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined that the liability qualifies for derivative accounting. The derivative liability was not designated as a hedging instrument. In accordance with ASC 815, the Company recorded the acquisition-related deferred common stock consideration derivative liability, which was carried at fair value, in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The derivative liability was marked-to-market each measurement period and changes in fair value during the year ended December 31, 2021 of million were recorded as a component of other expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value was derived from the Company s stock price. In November 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to settle the derivative liability and reclassified the derivative liability from a liability to equity. On November 4, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with the shareholders of The Anvil Group (International) Limited, Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited (collectively, Anvil pursuant to which the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Anvil (see Note 8). The Company paid million in cash at closing, acquired net purchase liabilities of million and issued million in loan notes Consideration Loan Notes due on November 4, 2022, unless early redeemed by the Company or if there is a redemption on event of default. Also, on November 4, 2021, the Company entered into a Flip-Up Agreement with the Consideration Loan Notes holders to issue shares of the Company s common stock within 10 business days. The Flip-Up Agreement included a call option for the Company buy the Consideration Loan Notes from the sellers of Anvil and a put option for the sellers of Anvil to sell the Consideration Loan Notes to the Company for shares of the Company s common stock. The call and put option was considered a feature embedded in the Consideration Loan Notes. As the value of the call and put option conversion feature embedded in the Consideration Loan Notes was influenced principally by the underlying equity security s fair value and the volatility in that fair value, the call and put option conversion feature was not considered closely related to the Consideration Loan Notes host contract; therefore, the call and put option conversion feature was bifurcated from the Consideration Loan Notes and recognized separately as a derivative liability at fair value. On November 4, 2021, the Company exercised the call option and issued the shares of common stock on November 10, 2021. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a million gain on the derivative and extinguishment of the Consideration Loan Notes in Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value on the consolidated statement of operations due the decrease in the Company s stock price between the date the consideration loan notes were issued and the date the consideration loan notes were extinguished. In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties affiliated with the initial purchasers and other financial institutions. See Note 9 for details on the 2022 Notes capped call transactions. In September 2022, the Company modified certain of the capped call agreements to elect cash settlement as the final settlement method of the capped call options with two of the counterparties. Management analyzed the capped call options to be settled in cash for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined that they qualify for derivative accounting. The derivative assets were not designated as a hedging instrument. In September 2022, the Company reclassified the fair value of the capped call options to be settled in cash of million from additional paid-in capital to other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with ASC 815. The fair value was derived using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The valuation model uses various market-based inputs, including stock price, remaining contractual term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. The Company applies judgment when determining expected volatility. The Company considers both historical and implied volatility levels of the underlying equity security. The assets, which were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, were marked-to-market and the decrease in fair value during the year ended December 31, 2022 of million was recorded as a component of Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value on the consolidated statement of operations and on the consolidated statement of cash flows. In November 2022, the Company received the related cash as final settlement of the capped call options. During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of assessing the probabilities of payment for the potential contingent consideration for The Anvil Group (International) Limited, Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited (collectively, Anvil through June 30, 2023, the Company recognized a decrease in the fair value of Anvil s contingent consideration obligation in the amount of million . The Company estimates the fair value of the convertible senior notes based on market-observable inputs (Level 2). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the 2026 Notes was determined to be million and million, respectively, and the principal amount of the 2026 Notes was million for each period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the 2024 Notes was determined to be million and million, respectively, and the principal amount of the 2024 Notes was million and million, respectively. See Note 9. 

Increase due to acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Acquisition initial value adjustment 

() 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

There were impairments recorded against goodwill in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

() 

Tradenames 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

Gross carrying amount 

Weighted- average life (years) 

Accumulated amortization 

Net carrying amount 

Amortizable intangible assets: 

Developed technology 

() 

Tradenames 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

Amortization expense for intangible assets was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense of tradenames and customer relationships is included within general and administrative expenses, while amortization of developed technology is included in cost of revenue. The Company recorded amortization expense attributed to developed technology of million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. In December 2020, the Company completed an asset acquisition and recorded million to developed technology. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recognized a million and a million, respectively, reduction in the cost basis of the developed technology due to a partial return of the purchase price. The average useful life for the December 2020 asset acquisition of acquired technology is years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company retired million of fully amortized intangible assets. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Fair value estimates are based on a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. The judgments used to determine the estimated fair value assigned to each class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as asset lives and the expected future cash flows and related discount rates, can materially impact the Company s results of operations. Significant inputs used for the model included the amount of cash flows, the expected period of the cash flows and the discount rates. Significant estimation was required by management in determining the fair value of the customer relationship intangible assets, deferred revenue and contingent consideration liabilities. The significant estimation is primarily due to the judgmental nature of the inputs to the valuation models used to measure the fair value of these intangible assets, deferred revenue and contingent consideration liabilities, as well as the sensitivity of the respective fair values to the underlying significant assumptions. The Company used the income approach to measure the fair value of these intangible assets, a discounted cash flow approach for deferred revenue and a Monte Carlo simulation model to measure the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the intangible assets, deferred revenue and contingent consideration liabilities included forecasted revenues from existing customers, existing customer attrition rates, estimated costs required to fulfill the deferred revenue obligation and forecasted revenues for the contingent consideration earnout period. When estimating the significant assumptions to be used in the valuation the Company includes a consideration of current industry information, market and economic trends, historical results of the acquired business, nature of the performance obligations associated with the deferred revenue and other relevant factors. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. The valuation of the contingent consideration was derived using estimates of the probability of achievement within specified time periods based on projections of future revenue metrics per the terms of the applicable agreements. These include estimates of the Company s assessment of the probability of meeting such results, with the probability-weighted earn-out using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model then discounted to estimate fair value. Fair value is estimated using the probability weighted cash flow estimate closer to the measurement date. The various operating performance measures included in these contingent consideration agreements primarily relate to product revenue. The business acquisitions discussed below are included in the Company s results of operations from their respective dates of acquisition. 2022 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale The Company entered into an agreement in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 to sell certain assets. In connection with entering into this agreement, the Company concluded that the asset sale met the held for sale criteria and classified the assets and liabilities as held for sale. 

Prepaid assets 

Trade names 

Customer relationships 

Acquired technology 

Total assets held for sale 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Total liabilities held for sale 

2021 Acquisitions During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired Red Sky Technologies Inc., xMatters Holdings, Inc. and The Anvil Group (International) Limited, Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited. These acquisitions were not material and neither the investment in the assets nor the results of operations of these acquisitions were significant to the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations, and thus pro forma information is not required to be presented. Red Sky Technologies Inc. On , the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Red Sky Technologies Inc.( RedSky pursuant to which the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of RedSky for a base consideration of million, net of cash acquired. The Company paid million in cash, net of cash acquired, and issued newly issued shares of the Company s common stock at closing. On the date of this acquisition, the average price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was per share. In addition to the base purchase price, there was also a potential contingent payment of up to million that was eligible to be earned by the sellers based on certain revenue targets through the contractual measurement period. At the date of the acquisition, the Company preliminarily assessed the probability of RedSky meeting the revenue metrics through the contractual measurement period and recorded a million initial fair value of contingent consideration as part of the purchase price allocation. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a decrease in the fair value of RedSky s contingent consideration obligation in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations in the amount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid million in cash and issued shares of the Company s common stock to settle RedSky s contingent consideration liability. The Company acquired RedSky for its E911 incident response solutions platform to enhance the Company s CEM suite of solutions as well as market penetration and customer reach. 

Property and equipment 

Trade names 

Acquired technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Consideration paid 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Fair value of common stock issued 

Contingent consideration 

Total 

The weighted average useful life of all identified acquired intangible assets is years. The average useful lives for acquired technologies, customer relationships and trade names are years, years and years, respectively. Identifiable intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the straight-line method. The straight-line method of amortization represents the Company s best estimate of the period of expected cash flows of the identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the anticipated synergies from the acquisition and expanded market opportunities with respect to the integration of RedSky s products with the Company's other solutions. The Company believes that the factors listed above in relation to the purchase of RedSky support the amount of goodwill recorded as a result of the purchase price paid for the acquisition, in relation to other acquired tangible and intangible assets. The resulting goodwill from the RedSky acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred transaction costs of less than million in connection with the RedSky acquisition, which were expensed as incurred and included in general and administrative expenses. xMatters Holdings, Inc. On April 6, 2021, the Company and xMatters Holdings, Inc. xMatters signed a definitive agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of xMatters. This acquisition closed on . The Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of xMatters for a base consideration of million. The Company paid million in cash and issued newly issued shares of the Company s common stock at closing. On the date of this acquisition, the average price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was per share. The Company acquired xMatters for its service reliability platforms to enhance the Company s CEM suite of solutions as well as market penetration and customer reach. 

Property and equipment 

Trade names 

Acquired technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Consideration paid 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Fair value of common stock issued 

Total 

The weighted average useful life of all identified acquired intangible assets is years. The average useful lives for acquired technologies, customer relationships and trade names are years, years and years, respectively. Identifiable intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the straight-line method. The straight-line method of amortization represents the Company s best estimate of the period of expected cash flows of the identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the anticipated synergies from the acquisition and expanded market opportunities with respect to the integration of xMatters products with the Company's other solutions. The Company believes that the factors listed above in relation to the purchase of xMatters support the amount of goodwill recorded as a result of the purchase price paid for the acquisition, in relation to other acquired tangible and intangible assets. The resulting goodwill from the xMatters acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred transaction costs of million in connection with the xMatters acquisition, of which million and million was expensed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and included in general and administrative expenses. The Anvil Group (International) Limited, Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited On , the Company entered into an agreement with the shareholders of The Anvil Group (International) Limited, Anvil Worldwide Limited and The Anvil Group Limited (collectively, Anvil pursuant to which the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding share capital of Anvil for a base consideration of million . See Note 6 for a discussion of the Consideration Loan Notes and Flip-Up Agreement. The Company paid million in cash at closing, acquired net purchase liabilities of million and issued million Consideration Loan Notes. On November 10, 2021, the Company issued newly issued shares of the Company s common stock to settle consideration loan notes issued on the acquisition date. During year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid approximately million to settle certain purchase liabilities. In addition to the base purchase price, there is also a potential contingent payment of up to million that may be paid to the sellers on or before . At the date of the acquisition, the Company preliminarily assessed the probability of the contingent consideration payment and recorded a million preliminary fair value as part of the purchase price allocation. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a decrease in the fair value of Anvil s contingent consideration obligation in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations in the amount of million . The Company acquired Anvil for its travel risk management, operational resiliency and occupational health solutions platforms to enhance the Company s CEM suite of solutions as well as market penetration and customer reach. 

Property and equipment 

Trade names 

Acquired technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Consideration paid 

Cash paid, net of cash acquired 

Consideration loan notes issued 

Contingent consideration 

Total 

The weighted average useful life of all identified acquired intangible assets is years. The average useful lives for acquired technologies, customer relationships and trade names are years, years and years, respectively. Identifiable intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the straight-line method. The straight-line method of amortization represents the Company s best estimate of the period of expected cash flows of the identifiable intangible assets. The goodwill balance is primarily attributed to the anticipated synergies from the acquisition and expanded market opportunities with respect to the integration of Anvil s products with the Company's other solutions. The acquisition of Anvil will bring in house the expertise and experience to manage medical and travel-related situations for the Company s travel risk management offerings to new and existing customers. The Company believes that the factors listed above in relation to the purchase of Anvil support the amount of goodwill recorded as a result of the purchase price paid for the acquisition, in relation to other acquired tangible and intangible assets. The resulting goodwill from the Anvil acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred transaction costs of million in connection with the Anvil acquisition, of which million and million, respectively, was expensed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and included in general and administrative expenses. 

Convertible senior notes, non-current 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

The effect of the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06 had a and increase in basic and diluted loss per share, respectively, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 0 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2026 In March 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026, including million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes issued upon the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase additional 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes will mature on , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted by the holders pursuant to their terms. The 2026 Notes are governed by an Indenture between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the 2026 Notes Indenture ). The 2026 Notes are unsecured and rank: senior in right of payment to the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2026 Notes; equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated, including its convertible senior notes due 2022 (see Convertible Senior Notes Due 2022 below) and convertible senior notes due 2024 (see Convertible Senior Notes Due 2024 below); effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities incurred by the Company s subsidiaries. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election. The 2026 Notes have an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount of 2026 Notes. This represents an initial effective conversion price of approximately per share of common stock and approximately million shares issuable upon conversion. Throughout the term of the 2026 Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2026 Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, upon conversion of a 2026 Note, except in limited circumstances. Accrued but unpaid special interest, if any, will be deemed to be paid by cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the holder upon conversion of a 2026 Note. Holders may convert all or a portion of their 2026 Notes prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2025, in multiples of 1,000 principal amount, only under the following circumstances: during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 

 during the five business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the 2026 Notes Measurement Period ), in which the trading price (as the term is defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture) per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of such 2026 Notes Measurement Period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 

 if the Company calls such notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or 

 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the 2026 Notes were not convertible at the option of the debt holder and were classified as long-term on the consolidated balance sheet. The 2026 Notes are not redeemable by the Company prior to March 20, 2024. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2026 Notes, at its option, on or after March 20, 2024 if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2026 Notes to be approximately , assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used in the estimate represented what market participants would use in pricing the equity component, including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2026 Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of million upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the million aggregate principal amount. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount, or the debt discount, was amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2026 Notes. The million difference between the aggregate principal amount of million and the estimated fair value of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2026 Notes were not considered redeemable. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, significant judgment was required in determining the liability component of the related convertible senior notes as well as the balance sheet classification of the elements of the convertible senior notes. The Company accounted for the convertible senior notes as separate liability and equity components, determining the fair value of the respective liability components based on an estimate of the fair value of a similar liability without a conversion option and assigning the residual value to the equity component. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company estimated the fair value of the liability component of the convertible senior notes using a discounted cash flow model with a risk adjusted yield for similar debt instruments, absent any embedded conversion feature. In estimating the risk adjusted yield, the Company utilized both an income and market approach. For the income approach, the Company used a convertible bond pricing model, which included several assumptions including volatility and the risk-free rate. For the market approach, the Company performed an evaluation of issuances of convertible debt securities issued by other comparable companies. Additionally, a detailed analysis of the terms of the convertible senior notes transactions was required to determine existence of any derivatives that may require separate mark-to-market accounting under applicable accounting guidance. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, in accounting for the transaction costs related to the issuance of the 2026 Notes, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components based on their estimated relative fair values. Transaction costs attributable to the liability component, totaling million, were being amortized to expense over the term of the 2026 Notes, and transaction costs attributable to the equity component, totaling million, were netted with the equity component in shareholders equity. 

Less: debt discount, net of amortization 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount 

Equity component (1) 

(1) million transaction costs in equity and net of million for taxes. 

Effective interest rates were and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties affiliated with the initial purchasers and other financial institutions. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to the Company's common stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. Under the capped call transactions, the Company purchased capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying the 2026 Notes, with an initial strike price of approximately per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2026 Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 2026 Notes, and with a cap price of approximately . The cost of the purchased capped calls of million was recorded to shareholders equity and will not be re-measured. Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of on December 31, 2022, the if-converted value of the 2026 Notes was less than their respective principal amounts. 0.125 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2024 In December 2019, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2024, including million aggregate principal amount of 2024 Notes issued upon the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase additional 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature on , unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by the Company or converted by the holders pursuant to their terms. . The 2024 Notes are governed by an Indenture between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the 2024 Notes Indenture ). The 2024 Notes are unsecured and rank: senior in right of payment to the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2024 Notes; equal in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated, including its 2026 Notes and 2022 Notes; effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities incurred by the Company s subsidiaries. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at the Company s election. The Company s current intention is to settle the conversion in shares of common stock if a conversion were to occur. The 2024 Notes have an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount of 2024 Notes. This represents an initial effective conversion price of approximately per share of common stock and approximately million shares issuable upon conversion. Throughout the term of the 2024 Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2024 Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest, if any, upon conversion of a 2024 Note, except in limited circumstances. Accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid by cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the holder upon conversion of a 2024 Note. Holders may convert all or a portion of their 2024 Notes prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 15, 2024, in multiples of 1,000 principal amount, only under the following circumstances: during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2020 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 

 during the five business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the 2024 Notes Measurement Period ), in which the trading price (as the term is defined in the 2024 Notes Indenture) per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of such 2024 Notes Measurement Period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 

 if the Company calls such notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 

 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the 2024 Notes were not convertible at the option of the debt holder and were classified as long-term on the consolidated balance sheet. The 2024 Notes were not redeemable by the Company prio r to December 20, 2022. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2024 Notes, at its option, on or after December 20, 2022 if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid approximately million in cash to repurchase approximately million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes and recognized an extinguishment gain in the amount of million in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, capped call modification and change in fair value on the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2024 Notes to be approximately , assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used in the estimate represented what market participants would use in pricing the equity component, including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2024 Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of million upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the million aggregate principal amount. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount, or the debt discount, was amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2024 Notes. The million difference between the aggregate principal amount of million and the estimated fair value of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2024 Notes were not considered redeemable. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, significant judgment was required in determining the liability component of the related convertible senior notes as well as the balance sheet classification of the elements of the convertible senior notes. The Company accounted for the convertible senior notes as separate liability and equity components, determining the fair value of the respective liability components based on an estimate of the fair value of a similar liability without a conversion option and assigning the residual value to the equity component. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company estimated the fair value of the liability component of the convertible senior notes using a discounted cash flow model with a risk adjusted yield for similar debt instruments, absent any embedded conversion feature. In estimating the risk adjusted yield, the Company utilized both an income and market approach. For the income approach, the Company used a convertible bond pricing model, which included several assumptions including volatility and the risk-free rate. For the market approach, the Company performed an evaluation of issuances of convertible debt securities issued by other comparable companies. Additionally, a detailed analysis of the terms of the convertible senior notes transactions was required to determine existence of any derivatives that may require separate mark-to-market accounting under applicable accounting guidance. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, in accounting for the transaction costs related to the issuance of the 2024 Notes, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components based on their estimated relative fair values. Transaction costs attributable to the liability component, totaling million, were being amortized to expense over the term of the 2024 Notes, and transaction costs attributable to the equity component, totaling million, were netted with the equity component in shareholders equity. 

Less: debt discount, net of amortization 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount 

Equity component (1) 

(1) million transaction costs in equity and net of million for taxes. 

coupon 

Amortization of debt discount and transaction costs 

Effective interest rates were and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties affiliated with the initial purchasers and other financial institutions. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to the Company's common stock upon any conversion of the 2024 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2024 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. Under the capped call transactions, the Company purchased capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying the 2024 Notes, with an initial strike price of approximately per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2024 Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 2024 Notes, and with a cap price of approximately . The cost of the purchased capped calls of million was recorded to shareholders equity and will not be re-measured. Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of on December 31, 2022, the if-converted value of the 2024 Notes was less than their respective principal amounts. 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2022 In November 2017, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2022 including million aggregate principal amount of 2022 Notes issued upon the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase additional 2022 Notes. The 2022 Notes matured on . . In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes in December 2019, the Company paid million to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. The Company determined the fair value of the liability portion being extinguished immediately prior to extinguishment. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2022 Notes to be approximately . The fair value of such liability portion was then deducted from the amount of consideration transferred and allocated to the liability component. The difference between the fair value of the liability and its carrying value, inclusive of any unamortized debt issue costs, was recognized as an extinguishment loss in the amount of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2019. The remaining consideration was allocated to the reacquisition of the equity component and recognized as a reduction of additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet in the amount of million. The Company also partially terminated capped call options entered into in connection with the 2022 Notes during fiscal year 2019 and received million recorded to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares upon the conversion of approximately million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes and recognized million in additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet related to shares issued. The Company determined the fair value of the liability portion being extinguished immediately prior to extinguishment. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2022 Notes ranged from approximately to . The fair value of such liability portion was then deducted from the amount of consideration transferred and allocated to the liability component. The difference between the fair value of the liability and its carrying value, inclusive of any unamortized debt issue costs, were recognized as an extinguishment loss in the amount of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares upon the conversion of approximately million in aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes and recognized million in additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet related to shares issued. The Company determined the fair value of the liability portion being extinguished immediately prior to extinguishment. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2022 Notes ranged from approximately to . The fair value of such liability portion was then deducted from the amount of consideration transferred and allocated to the liability component. The difference between the fair value of the liability and its carrying value, inclusive of any unamortized debt issue costs, was recognized as an extinguishment loss in the amount of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes and capped call modification on the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes in March 2021, the Company paid approximately million in cash and issued shares of common stock to repurchase approximately million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. The Company determined the fair value of the liability portion being extinguished immediately prior to extinguishment. Based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2022 Notes to be approximately . The fair value of such liability portion was then deducted from the amount of consideration transferred and allocated to the liability component. The difference between the fair value of the liability and its carrying value, inclusive of any unamortized debt issue costs, was recognized as an extinguishment loss in the amount of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes and capped call modification on the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. The remaining consideration was allocated to the reacquisition of the equity component and recognized as a reduction of additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet in the amount of million. The Company also partially terminated capped call options entered into in connection with the 2022 Notes in March 2021 and received million recorded to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet and modified a capped call option agreement entered into in connection with the 2022 Notes and recognized modification expense of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes and capped call modification on the consolidated statement of operations and additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheet. In November 2022, the Company settled the thousand aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes at maturity. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, based on market data available for publicly traded, senior, unsecured corporate bonds issued by companies in the same industry and with similar maturity, the Company estimated the implied interest rate of its 2022 Notes at the time of issuance to be approximately , assuming no conversion option. Assumptions used in the estimate represented what market participants would use in pricing the equity component, including market interest rates, credit standing, and yield curves, all of which are defined as Level 2 observable inputs. The estimated implied interest rate was applied to the 2022 Notes, which resulted in a fair value of the liability component of million upon issuance, calculated as the present value of implied future payments based on the million aggregate principal amount. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount, or the debt discount, was amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2022 Notes. The million difference between the aggregate principal amount of million and the estimated fair value of the liability component was recorded in additional paid-in capital as the 2022 Notes were not considered redeemable. Prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06, in accounting for the transaction costs related to the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components based on their estimated relative fair values. 

Less: debt discount, net of amortization 

Net carrying amount 

Equity component (1) 

() 

(1) million transaction costs in equity. Additional paid-in capital as of December 31, 2021 also included million and million, respectively, market premium representing the excess of the total consideration delivered over the fair value of the liability recognized related to the million and million, respectively, principal balance extinguishment of the 2022 Notes in March 2021 and December 2019. 

 coupon 

Amortization of debt discount and transaction costs 

Effective interest rates were and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain counterparties affiliated with the initial purchasers and others. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2022 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2022 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. Under the capped call transactions, the Company purchased capped call options that in the aggregate relate to the total number of shares of the Company s common stock underlying the 2022 Notes, with an initial strike price of approximately per share, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2022 Notes and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 2022 Notes, and have a cap price of approximately . The cost of the purchased capped calls of million was recorded to shareholders equity and will not be re-measured. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company amended one of the capped call agreements to reduce the cap price to and recognized modification expense of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes and capped call modification on the consolidated statement of operations. In September 2022, the Company modified certain capped call agreements to elect cash settlement as the final settlement method of the capped call options with two of the counterparties. Management analyzed the capped call options to be settled in cash for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined that they qualify for derivative accounting. In September 2022, the Company reclassified the fair value of the capped call options to be settled in cash of million from additional paid-in capital to other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The asset was remeasured through the settlement date. See Note 6 for details on the fair value measurement of the capped call options which were settled in cash. The remaining capped call options which did not require cash settlement were not re-measured. In November 2022, the Company received million in cash and in the Company's shares as final settlement of the capped call options. 

Notes and Notes mature in 2026 and 2024, respectively, they can be converted into cash and shares of our common stock prior to maturity if certain conditions are met. Any conversion prior to maturity can result in repayments of the principal amounts sooner than the scheduled repayments as indicated in the table. The 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes balance excludes debt discount capitalized on the balance sheet. 
 shares of preferred stock, par value , of which shares were outstanding. Common Stock . As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had authorized shares of common stock, par value . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 F- 42 
 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 of the number of shares of the Company s capital stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. On December 16, 2022, the Board of Directors (the Board adopted the Everbridge, Inc. 2022 Inducement Plan (the 2022 Inducement Plan ). The 2022 Inducement Plan was adopted without stockholder approval pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee ). The Board reserved shares of Common Stock for issuance under the 2022 Inducement Plan. The only persons eligible to receive grants of Inducement Awards (as defined below) under the 2022 Inducement Plan are individuals who satisfy the standards for inducement grants under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). Inducement Awards may only be granted by: (i) the Committee, provided such committee is comprised solely of independent directors (as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2)) or (ii) a majority of the Company s independent directors. An Inducement Award means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the 2022 Inducement Plan (including nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards or other stock-based awards). The Board also adopted a (i) form of stock option grant notice, option agreement, and notice of exercise (the Inducement Option Grant Package and (ii) form of restricted stock unit award grant notice and award agreement (the Inducement RSU Grant Package for use under the Inducement Plan. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2016 ESPP became effective on September 15, 2016. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2016 ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each year by the lesser of shares of the Company s common stock, of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. The 2016 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of up to through payroll deductions of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. The 2016 ESPP provides for separate six-month offering periods beginning each March and September of each fiscal year. On each purchase date, eligible employees will purchase the Company s stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of (i) the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the offering date or (ii) the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the purchase date. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , , and shares of common stock, respectively, were purchased under the 2016 ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total recognized compensation cost was million , million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to the 2016 ESPP was million which will be amortized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Expected volatility (2) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate (3) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividend rate (4) 

(1) The expected term represents the contractual term of the 2016 ESPP; 

 (2) The expected volatility of the Company s common stock on the date of grant is based on the weighted average of the Company s historical volatility as a public company, the implied volatility of publicly-traded options on the Company s common stock and the volatilities of publicly traded peer companies that are reasonably comparable to the Company s own operations; 

 (3) The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the grant; and 

 (4) The expected dividend yield is assumed to be as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans to pay any dividends on the Company s common stock. 

Stock Options Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock at the date of grant based on the closing market price of its common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market. The option awards generally vest over and are exercisable any time after vesting. The stock options expire after the date of grant. There were stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, attributed to stock options. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. This intrinsic value represents the difference between the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of each option. Based on the fair market value of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the total intrinsic value of all outstanding options was million , million and million, respectively. There was unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options as of December 31, 2022. The amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million, and million, respectively. 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest 

Exercisable 

Restricted Stock Units During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to members of its senior management and certain other employees pursuant to the 2016 Plan. There were RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company accounts for RSUs issued to employees at fair value, based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair values of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. The fair values of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were million , million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded million , million, and million respectively, of stock-based compensation related to the RSUs. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. For RSUs subject to graded vesting, the Company recognizes compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award. Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units On February 9, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved a modification to the performance thresholds of the Company s PSU awards which affected grantees and excluded our Named Executive Officers for 2021. The modified PSUs vest based on the Company achieving certain revenue growth thresholds which range from to compounded annual growth over the measurement period. For the portion of the PSUs where the expectation of the achievement of performance conditions changed from improbable prior to the modification to probable post-modification, the Company accounted for this change as a Type III modification under ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . The modification date fair value for the PSUs was . As of the modification date, total incremental stock-based compensation expense was million which will be recognized over the remaining service periods of the PSU less subsequent forfeitures. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted PSUs to members of its management pursuant to the 2016 Plan. There were PSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 . The PSUs, other than those modified on February 9, 2022 as described above, generally vest based on the Company achieving certain revenue growth thresholds which ranged from to compounded annual growth for grants through 2020 and to compounded annual growth for grants starting in 2021 over a measurement period of for the first of PSUs and for the remaining PSUs. The vesting of the PSUs is subject to the employee s continued employment with the Company through the date of achievement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the share price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance of the PSUs ranged from to per share. The fair value is based on the value of the Company s common stock at the date of issuance and the probability of achieving the performance metric. Compensation cost is adjusted in future periods for subsequent changes in the expected outcome of the performance related conditions. The weighted-average grant date fair value of PSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million , million and million, respectively, of stock compensation expense in connection with the PSU awards. During the three months ended December 31, 2021 and three months ended March 31, 2022 prior to the PSU modification, as a result of forecasted decreases in the compounded annual growth rate, the Company reduced the expected achievement of performance metrics and recognized a reduction in stock-based compensation expense. This reduction was offset by the incremental compensation expense recognized for the modified PSUs. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested PSUs which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Compensation cost is recognized under the accelerated method and is adjusted in future periods for subsequent changes in the expected outcome of the performance related conditions. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

There were tax benefits recognized for the tax deductions from stock options exercised or RSU and PSU awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, as tax benefits increased net operating losses which were analyzed for a valuation allowance along with the Company s other deferred tax assets. Market-Based Grants During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued market-based grants, which are payable in cash to partially settle a vendor contract. The grants vest contingent upon the achievement of pre-determined market and service conditions. Cash payment at settlement will range from to approximately million based on the Company s total stockholder return TSR relative to the performance of peer companies through September 2023. The market-based grants are classified as a liability on the Company s balance sheet and will be remeasured at each reporting period until settlement. Fair value of the market-based grants at the grant date and as of December 31, 2022 was million and million , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of stock compensation expense in connection with these awards. - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

Dividend rate 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense During 2022, the Company updated the presentation of the allocation of stock-based compensation capitalized for software development. Prior periods have been recast to conform to the current presentation. 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total 

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the award s expected vesting schedule, which is reduced for forfeitures. 

 F- 46 
 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

() 

() 

Dilutive effect of convertible notes, net of tax 

() 

Adjusted net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding basic 

Dilutive potential common shares related to convertible notes 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding diluted 

Basic loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation grants 

Total 

In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes in , the Company paid million to enter into capped call option agreements to reduce the potential dilution to holders of the Company s common stock upon conversion of the 2026 Notes. In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes in , the Company paid million to enter into capped call option agreements to reduce the potential dilution to holders of the Company s common stock upon conversion of the 2024 Notes. In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes in , the Company paid million to enter into capped call option agreements to reduce the potential dilution to holders of the Company s common stock upon conversion of the 2022 Notes. In March 2021 and December 2019, the Company partially terminated capped call options related to the 2022 Notes and received million and million, respectively. In March 2021, the Company also modified a capped call agreement entered into in connection with the 2022 Notes and recognized modification expense of million in loss on extinguishment of convertible notes and capped call modification on the consolidated statement of operations. In November 2022, the Company received million in cash and in the Company's shares as final settlement of the capped call options. The capped call option agreements are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders as their effect is antidilutive. Reserve for Unissued Shares of Common Stock 

 million shares. Additionally, the Company is required to reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of common stock shares that become issuable pursuant to the terms of the 2026 Notes and 2024 Notes. 
 F- 47 
 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

tax rate was applied as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income tax at federal statutory rate 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: 

State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

() 

() 

Nondeductible permanent items 

() 

Executive compensation 

Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income 

Foreign rate differential 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Adoption of ASU 2020-06 

() 

Tax rate change 

() 

() 

Adjustment to deferred taxes 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Uncertain tax positions 

() 

Nonqualified stock option and performance award shortfall (windfall) upon exercise 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

The difference between the statutory federal income tax rate and the Company s effective tax rate in 2022, 2021 and 2020 is primarily attributable to the effect of state income taxes, difference between the U.S. and foreign tax rates, non-deductible officer compensation, share-based compensation, true up of deferred taxes, other non-deductible permanent items, and change in valuation allowance. In addition, the Company s foreign subsidiaries are subject to varied applicable statutory income tax rates for the periods presented. 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Tax credits 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Other assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred commissions 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

Debt discount 

() 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

() 

() 

A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized based on an assessment of positive and negative evidence, including estimates of future taxable income necessary to realize future deductible amounts. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred over the period ended December 31, 2022. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence such as its projections for future growth. On the basis of this evaluation, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, has been recorded. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accumulated federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million and million , respectively. Of the million of federal NOL carryforwards, million was generated before January 1, 2018 and is subject to the -year carryforward period pre-Tax Act losses ). The remaining million post-Tax Act losses can be carried forward indefinitely but is subject to the taxable income limitation. Of the million of state NOL carryforwards, million can be carried forward indefinitely. The pre-Tax Act U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will expire in varying amounts through . The Company completed a Section 382 study for the period through November 7, 2022 and determined that a Section 382 ownership change occurred on December 31, 2017 subjecting all pre-Tax Act losses to a utilization limitation; however, such limitation is not expected to result in NOLs expiring unused. Any future annual limitation may result in the expiration of NOLs before utilization. Included in the Company s NOLs are federal and state NOLs o f million and million , re spectively, from various acquisitions which are subject to limitations under Section 382. The Company also completed a Section 382 study for xMatters, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the study, the Company determined that out of total federal NOLs of million, million of federal NOLs generated by xMatters, Inc. prior to May 7, 2021 would not be available for utilization due to ownership changes experienced by xMatters, Inc. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had combined foreign net operating loss carry-forwards available to reduce future taxable income of approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , valuation allowances of million and million, respectively, had been recorded against the related deferred tax assets for those loss carry-forwards that are not more likely than not to be fully utilized in reducing future taxable income. 

Increases for current year tax positions 

Increases (decreases) for prior year tax positions 

() 

Ending balance (excluding interest and penalties) 

Interest and penalties 

Total 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company has recorded income tax (benefit) expense of ), and , respectively, related to uncertain tax positions. The Company s policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions, if any, in the income tax provision. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the Company had accrued , and , respectively, in interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various states along with other foreign countries. The Company has not been notified that it is under audit by the IRS or any state, however, due to the presence of NOL carryforwards, all the income tax years remain open for examination in each of these jurisdictions. The Company has been notified of an income tax examination by the Chinese tax authorities during the first quarter of 2022. There are no other audits in any other foreign jurisdictions. The Company does not believe that it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease in the next 12 months. Deferred income taxes have not been provided for undistributed earnings of the Company s consolidated foreign subsidiaries because of the Company s intent to reinvest such earnings indefinitely in active foreign operations. At December 31, 2022 , the Company had million in unremitted earnings that were permanently reinvested related to its consolidated foreign subsidiaries. 

 operating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker CODM ), who is the Company s chief executive officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess the Company s financial and operational performance. While the Company has applications that address multiple use cases, the Company s applications generally operate on and leverage a single technology platform and are deployed and sold in an identical way. In addition, the Company s CODM evaluates the Company s financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. As a result, the Company has determined that the Company s business operates in a single operating segment. Since the Company operates as one operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements . 

International 

Total 

The following table presents the Company s revenues disaggregated by revenue source (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Subscription services 

Professional services 

Software licenses and other 

Total 

Contract Assets The Company does not have material amounts of contract assets since revenue is recognized as control of goods is transferred or as services are performed. There are a small number of professional services that may occur over a period of time, but that period of time is generally very short in duration. Any contract assets that may arise are recorded in other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheet net of an allowance for credit losses. Contract Liabilities The Company s contract liabilities consist of advance payments and deferred revenue. The Company s contract liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. The Company classifies advance payments and deferred revenue as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when it expects to recognize revenue. Generally, all contract liabilities are expected to be recognized within one year and are included in deferred revenue in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The noncurrent portion of deferred revenue is included and separately disclosed in the Company s consolidated balance sheet. Deferred Costs Current deferred costs, which primarily consist of deferred sales commissions, were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Noncurrent deferred costs, which primarily consist of deferred sales commissions, were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amortization expense for the deferred costs was million , million and million, respectively. There was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized. Deferred Revenue For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million , million and million, respectively, of subscription services, license and other revenue was recognized and was included in the deferred revenue balances at the beginning of the respective period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million , million and million, respectively, of professional services revenue was recognized and was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the period. Remaining Performance Obligations As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for subscription and other contracts. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately million of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the balance recognized thereafter. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for professional services contracts. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately million of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the balance recognized thereafter. 

 F- 51 
 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 , and of the Company s revenue was from the North America for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other individual country comprised more than 10 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Property and equipment by geographic location is based on the location of the legal entity that owns the asset. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of the Company s property and equipment was located in North America. 

 million , million and million cash contributions made to the plan by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contribution expense recognized for the 401(k) plan was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

 through . The terms of the Company's non-cancelable operating lease arrangements typically contain fixed lease payment which increases over the term of the lease at fixed rates, rent holidays and provide for additional renewal periods. Lease expense is recognized over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. All of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases. The Company has determined that periods covered by the Company s leases are excluded from the lease term as the Company is not reasonably certain the Company will exercise such options. The Company terminated leases related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment (as defined in Note 20). See Note 20 for details on the 2022 Strategic Realignment. The Company records its right-of-use ROU asset within other assets (long term) and its operating lease liabilities within other current and long-term liabilities. 

Lease liabilities, current 

Lease liabilities, non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

Supplemental data 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash paid for amounts included in lease liabilities 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Short-term lease expense (1) 

Less: Sublease income 

() 

() 

() 

Total lease expense 

(1) 

In April 2022, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against the Company, Jaime Ellertson, Patrick Brickley, and David Meredith (the Company s former Chief Executive Officer) by Sylebra Capital Partners Master Fund Ltd, Sylebra Capital Parc Master Fund, and Sylebra Capital Menlo Master Fund. (collectively, Sylebra ). In September 2022, Sylebra filed an amended and restated complaint. The lawsuit alleges violations of the federal securities laws by the Company and certain of its officers and directors arising out of purported misrepresentations in the information the Company provided to investors regarding the Company s organic and inorganic revenue growth, and the status of integrating acquisitions, and the impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business, which allegedly artificially inflated the price of the Company s stock during the period November 4, 2019 to February 24, 2022. The Company is not able to estimate the amount of the loss allegedly suffered by members of the putative class or the amount of legal costs and internal efforts associated with defending the Company and the Company s officers and directors. The Company believes that the allegations and claims made in this lawsuit are wholly without merit and intends to defend the action vigorously. In October 2022, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds, including failure to plead any actionable misstatement or omission, failure to establish scienter, and failure to meet the pleading requirements of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and other applicable law. Even if the Company were to prevail, this litigation could continue to be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of the Company s management and key personnel from the Company s business operations. During the course of the litigation, the Company anticipates announcements of the results of hearings and motions, and other interim developments related to the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of the Company s common stock may decline. If the Company is unsuccessful in defending itself in this litigation, this lawsuit could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In June 2022, a purported shareholder derivative action was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against certain current and former directors and officers of the Company, naming the Company as a nominal defendant. The suit claims that these individuals breached their fiduciary duties to the Company s shareholders and to the Company generally in connection with the same set of circumstances alleged in the class action lawsuit. The complaint is derivative in nature and does not seek relief from the Company. This action has been stayed pending the outcome of the motion to dismiss filed in the putative class action lawsuit brought by Sylebra. From time to time the Company may become involved in other legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of ordinary course litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company currently believes that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. Employee Contracts The Company has entered into employment contracts with certain of the Company s executive officers which provide for at-will employment. However, under the provisions of the contracts, the Company would incur severance obligations of up to twelve months of the executive s annual base salary for certain events, such as involuntary terminations. 

 The 2022 Strategic Realignment program is in support of the 2022 strategic initiatives to simplify the Company s business and accelerate the integration of recent acquisitions, and will help to drive the financial outcomes of sustainable growth and improved profitability and cash flow and is expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2023. In addition to restructuring costs, the Company will also incur costs that do not constitute restructuring under ASC 420, Exit and Disposal Cost Obligations , and which the Company instead refers to as business transformation costs. These costs consist primarily of expenditures directly related to the 2022 Strategic Realignment and include employee retention costs, professional fees and investments in automation and technology. million to million are expected to result in cash outlays (in millions): 
 
 to 

Facilities-related 

to 

Other 

to 

Business transformation charges 

to 

Total restructuring and business transformation charges 

to 

Charges 

Charges settled in cash 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Charges settled in non-cash 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(1) 

 (2) 

Business transformation charges: 

Cost of revenue 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Other income (expense), net 

Total business transformation charges 

Total restructuring and business transformation charges 

F- 55 

<EX-10>
 2
 evbg-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.14 
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT 
 THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of December 31, 2022, by and between Everbridge, Inc. Everbridge and Elliot J. Mark Consultant ). The parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Engagement . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Everbridge hereby engages Consultant as an independent agent and consultant to Everbridge, and Consultant hereby agrees to perform the services set forth herein and accepts such engagement. 

2. Duties, Term, and Compensation . Consultant s duties, term of engagement, compensation and provisions for payment thereof are set forth in Exhibit A or a statement of work attached to this Agreement, which may be amended in writing from time to time with the consent of both parties, and which is incorporated by reference. 

3. Expenses . During the term of this Agreement, Consultant shall bill and Everbridge shall reimburse Consultant for all reasonable, out-of-pocket expenses pre-approved by Everbridge in writing and incurred in connection with the performance of the duties hereunder, but only upon presentation of sufficient evidence of such expenditures. 

4. Confidentiality . Consultant acknowledges that during the engagement Consultant will have access to and become acquainted with confidential information related to Everbridge s business including, without limitation, product information, business methods, customer lists and preferences, supplier information, pricing and costing information, and business plans (collectively Confidential Information ). Consultant agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, or use any Confidential Information in any manner, either during the term of this agreement or at any time thereafter, except as required in the course of this engagement with Everbridge. All files, records, documents, and similar items relating to the business of Everbridge which contain Confidential Information shall remain the exclusive property of Everbridge. Consultant shall not retain any original or copies of the foregoing without Everbridge s prior written permission. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, or whenever requested by Everbridge, Consultant shall immediately deliver to Everbridge all such files, records, documents, and similar items in Consultant s possession or control. 

Consultant recognizes that Everbridge has received and in the future will receive from third parties confidential or proprietary information of such third parties subject to a duty on the part of Everbridge to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. Consultant agrees that he owes Everbridge, during the term of this Agreement and thereafter, a duty to hold all such confidential or proprietary information in confidence and not to disclose it to any person or entity or to use it except as necessary in carrying out the services. 
 
 5. Conflicts of Interest; Representations . Consultant represents and warrants that Consultant is free to enter into this Agreement, and that this engagement does not violate the terms of any agreement between Consultant and any third party. During the term of this Agreement, Consultant shall devote as much of its productive time, energy and abilities to the performance of its duties hereunder as is necessary to perform the required duties in a timely and productive manner. Consultant agrees during the term of this Agreement not to accept work or enter into a contract or accept an obligation inconsistent or incompatible with Consultant s obligations under this Agreement or the scope of services to be rendered by Consultant under this Agreement. 

6. Non-Solicit; Non-Interference . During the term of this Agreement, Consultant shall not either 

alone or in association with others (i) directly or indirectly solicit, or encourage to leave Everbridge s employment or otherwise cease to provide Everbridge with contracted services, any employee, consultant, or contractor of Everbridge, or (ii) solicit competing business from or perform competitive services for any customer, vendor, supplier, partner, licensee or business relation of Everbridge or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or induce or attempt to induce, any such entity or individual to cease doing business with Everbridge or in any way interfere with the relationship between any such entity or individual and Everbridge. 

7. Termination . The Agreement will automatically terminate upon expiration of the term of the Agreement as set forth in Exhibit A or a statement of work attached hereto, unless renewed or extended pursuant to such exhibit or statement of work. . In addition, if Consultant is convicted of any crime or offense (including moral turpitude, dishonesty or otherwise related to the performance of Consultant s duties), fails or refuses to comply with the written policies or reasonable directive of Everbridge, is guilty of serious misconduct in connection with performance hereunder, or materially breaches any provisions of this Agreement, as determined in Everbridge s sole discretion, Everbridge at any time may terminate the engagement of Consultant immediately and without prior written notice to Consultant. For termination made pursuant to the previous sentence, Everbridge shall only owe Consultant for work performed and fees due as of the date notice of termination is provided, except as mutually agreed upon in writing by Everbridge and Consultant. 

8. Independent Contractor . It is understood and agreed to by the parties hereto that Consultant s services shall be performed as an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement should be construed to render Consultant an employee, partner or agent of Everbridge for any purpose. Consultant is and will remain an independent contractor in its relationship to Everbridge. Consultant is not the agent of Everbridge and is not authorized to make any representation, contract or commitment on behalf of Everbridge. Consultant shall have no claim against Everbridge hereunder or otherwise for any of the benefits which Everbridge may make available to its employees, such as but not limited to, vacation pay, sick leave, retirement benefits, social security, worker s compensation, health or disability benefits, unemployment insurance benefits or employee benefits of any kind. It is further agreed and understood that no part of any compensation payable to Consultant hereunder shall be subject to withholding by Everbridge for the payment of any Social Security, federal, state or any other employee payroll taxes. Consultant agrees to accept exclusive liability for complying with all applicable state and federal laws governing self-employed individuals. 

9. Notice . Any and all notices required or desired to be given under this Agreement by any party shall be in writing and shall be validly given or made to another party if personally served, or if deposited in the United States mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, as follows: 

If to Consultant: 
 If to Everbridge: 

Elliot J. Mark 
 Everbridge, Inc. 

Address 
 25 Corporate Drive 

Address 
 Burlington, MA 01803 

Attention: General Counsel 

Any party hereto may change its address for purposes of this paragraph by written notice given in the manner provided above. 
 
 10. Miscellaneous . All of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, successors and assigns, if any. Waiver by one party hereto of breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other shall not operate or be construed as a continuing waiver and any failure or neglect by either party to enforce any of 

the provisions hereof shall not be construed, nor shall be deemed to be a waiver of such party s rights hereunder, nor in any way affect the validity of the whole or any part of this Agreement. No amendment, change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing signed by the parties hereto. Consultant shall not assign any rights under this Agreement, or delegate the performance of any duties hereunder, without the prior written consent of Everbridge. This Agreement, including any Exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties, and supersedes any and all agreements, understandings, promises and representations made or existing between the parties hereto, which shall have no further force and effect. If any provision of this Agreement, or any portion thereof, is held to be invalid and unenforceable, then the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted under, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts without reference to conflicts of laws principles. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above. 
 
 EVERBRIDGE, INC. 

By: /s/ David Granata 
 /s/ Elliot J. Mark 

Name: David Granata 
 Name: Elliot J. Mark 

Title: Senior Director - Procurement 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 DUTIES, TERM, AND COMPENSATION 
 
 DUTIES: 
 
 During the term of this Agreement, Consultant shall assist Everbridge s Chief Legal Compliance Officer (the CLCO ), the Legal Department, and the Compliance Department in the transition of Consultant s duties to the CLCO and such departments, and/or to such third parties as the CLCO may designate. Consultant agrees to make himself reasonably available for telephone, conference call, and email consultation during the term set forth below on an average of ten (10) hours per month. 
 
 Consultant understands and agrees that time is of the essence with respect to the fulfillment of 
 Consultant s duties under this Agreement. 
 
 TERM: 
 
 This engagement shall commence on January 1, 2023, and shall continue in full force and effect through May 31, 2023 (the Term ). 
 
 COMPENSATION: 
 
 As full compensation for the services rendered pursuant to this Agreement, Everbridge shall permit Consultant to continue to vest into the restricted stock units (RSUs previously granted by Everbridge to Consultant and which are due to vest during the Term, and such vesting will occur according to the vesting related terms under which the RSUs were granted and the Everbridge Severance Plan, to the extent applicable. In the event that Everbridge is acquired during the Term, then the entire amount of such outstanding RSU grants shall vest, according to the change-in-control related terms under which the RSUs were granted and the Everbridge Severance Plan, to the extent applicable. For hours in excess of the anticipated ten hours per month, Everbridge shall pay Consultant an hourly billing rate of 300 per hour. 
 
 For sake of clarity and avoidance of doubt, Consultant acknowledges and agrees that at no time is Consultant eligible for overtime pay or any other type of increased pay rate based on the number of hours worked. Such compensation shall be payable within 30 days of receipt of Consultant s invoice for services rendered, which shall be submitted biweekly along with reasonable supporting documentation. Consultant shall not be eligible for compensation for time spent traveling to and from Everbridge facilities. 
 
 Everbridge will issue Consultant an IRS Tax Form 1099 for all services rendered under this Agreement. Consultant represents its Social Security Number/EIN to be provided via Form W-9. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 evbg-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 
 Everbridge, Inc. 
 2022 Corporate Bonus Plan 
 
 Introduction 
 
 The 2022 Corporate Bonus Plan The Plan is designed as an incentive to participants to perform at their most effective level, as a reward for strong performance and as a way of sharing in the success of the Company. The Plan is designed to be self-funded and is incorporated in the business targets and budgets. 
 
 The Plan is designed to reward high performance at the corporate, team and individual level. Awards payable under The Plan will be determined through a combination of overall bonus pool funding, which will be based upon predefined corporate financial objectives, and achievement of specific team and individual/development goals. 
 
 This Plan is CONFIDENTIAL, and details may not be disclosed outside the Company by any participants. 
 Eligibility for Participation 
 
 Designated employees Participants are eligible for inclusion in The Plan for the calendar year January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. Participation in The Plan is at the discretion of the Company. Employees considered for participation include management level employees and individual contributors in functions that meet established criteria. Eligibility for participation is not automatic and will be reviewed annually. 
 
 Participation for new hires designated as eligible to participate will be pro-rated based on days in The Plan during the plan year. 
 
 There is no contractual commitment on the part of the Company in relation to future years of participation and in this respect The Plan does not confer on any employees any rights to future participation, future employment, or give rise to any cause of action against the Company. 
 
 Operation of The Plan 
 
 For each Participant, a fixed cash amount or fixed percentage of base salary will be specified for the purposes of participation in The Plan. The overall Plan funding will be based on the achievement of predefined corporate financial targets. Individual bonus achievement will be based upon achievement of business unit/departmental business plans and team, individual and development-based performance goals as agreed to by you and your manager and maintained within Reflektive. 
 
 Each participant must sign a copy of The Plan document acknowledging that the document was reviewed. 
 
 Everbridge management reserves the right to modify The Plan at any time. Notification of changes to The Plan will be made in writing to affected participants. Changes may be made to The Plan periodically in order to revise goals, update strategies or correct errors. 
 
 Performance against predefined corporate financial targets will be assessed at the end of the fiscal year once all financial results of the Company have been prepared and approved. The CEO will have the discretion to adjust, up or down any department s bonus funding based on department KBPI performance. Everbridge management will then have the discretion to adjust, up or down, any employee s payout based on an assessment of the employee s individual performance throughout the year. 
 
 Payment 
 
 Bonus payments will be made annually after the official close of the operating year, estimated to occur no later than May of the year following. Payment will be made to each participant provided that the participant remains an active employee, and in good standing, at the time of payout. 

2022 Everbridge Corporate Bonus Plan		Page 1 of 2 

Any payment to which participants in the following categories may be entitled will be pro-rated: 
 
 Employees whose eligibility for participation in The Plan begins after January 1, 2022, 

Employees who are transferred to another position, business unit, department, or group within the Company during the plan year and their new position does not qualify them as eligible to participate in The Plan 

Employees who transfer to a position and become eligible to participate in The Plan during the plan year. 

Employees who have taken a leave of absence greater than 14 consecutive calendar days 

Any payment in whole or in part shall be made through the Company s normal payroll process and will be net of any appropriate Income Tax, Social Security Contributions or other relevant deductions. 
 
 The Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors of Everbridge, Inc. reserves the right to amend The Plan at any time based on business conditions. 
 
 Contractual Status 
 
 Payments under The Plan are not contractual. No legally enforceable right to payment will arise under The Plan, nor any right to compensation or damages for non-payment as a result of the termination of employment (however caused), or for any other reason. 
 
 The Plan is not a guarantee of employment for a definite period of time. The participant acknowledges and understands that they or Everbridge may terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without cause. 
 
 The Plan terminates, for the participant, on the date the participant s employment with Everbridge is terminated. 
 
 This Plan shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
 
 Validity 
 
 The Plan is valid only for the calendar year January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022. At the expiration of this Plan, Everbridge will establish a new Plan for Participants. 

2022 Everbridge Corporate Bonus Plan		Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 evbg-ex10_22.htm
 EX-10.22

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.22 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 
 .THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE (the 'Amendment') is entered into as of this 16 th day of October, 2018 (the Amendment Effec tive Date by and between 25 CORPORATE DRIVE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having an address c/o Spear Street Capital, One Market Plaza, Suite 425, San Francisco, CA 94105 Landlord ), and EVERBRIDGE, INC., a Delaware corporation, having an address at 25 Corporate Drive, Suite 400, Burlington, MA 01803 Tenant ). 
 
 WITNESSETH: 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are holders of the landlord's and tenant's interests, respectively, under that certain Lease dated as of December 16, 2016 (the Original Lease ), as amended by First Amendment To Lease dated as of February 6, 2018 (the ' 'First Amendment for approximately 73,346 rentable square feet of space on the third (3 rd and fourth (4 th floors of the building (the Building located at 25 Corporate Drive, Burlington, Massachusetts (the Existing Premises 
 
 WHEREAS, Tenant has requ ested Landlord's consent to perform the alterations (the 
 Proposed Third Floor Alterations to the third (3 rd floor portion of the Premises that are 
 described in the plan attached as Exhibit A hereto (the 3 rd Floor Plan and 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to (a) confirm Landlord's consent to the Proposed Third Floor Alterations, including the conditions of such consent, (b) confirm the Option B Expansion Premises Commencement Date and (c) amend the Lease regarding the use of the parking facilities at the Property, all as hereinafter set forth. 
 
 Capitalized terms not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Lease. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows: 
 
 1. Confirmation of Option B Expansion Premises Commencement Date. The Option B Expansion Premises Commencement Date for all purposes under the Lease is October 2, 2018. 

2. Landlord's Approval of 3rd Floor Plan. Although the occupancy density contemplated for the Proposed Third Floor Altera tions as described in the 3 rd Floor Plan exceeds Landlord's building standard density occupancy limit, Landlord hereby nevertheless approves Tenant's construction of the Proposed Third Floor Alterations, but subject to the following conditions: 

A. Tenant shall perform the Proposed Third Floor Alterations in accordance with the provisions of the Lease (including, without limitation, Section 8.3.2 of the Original Lease). 

B. The construction of the Proposed Third Floor Alterations shall be subject to Tenant's compliance with the provisions of Exhibit B hereto. 

3. Confirmation of Tenant's Parking Space Allotment. Effective as of the Option B Expansion Premises Commencement Date, Section 1.3 of the Original Lease is hereby amended by deleting the second sentence and by substituting therefor the following sentence: Upon the Option B Expansion Premises Commencement Date, Tenant shall be entitled to 227 parking spaces pursuant to such ratio. 

4. Section 1.3 of the Original Lease is hereby further amended by adding the following paragraph at the end of such Section 1.3: 

Notwithstanding any terms or provisions above, if Landlord reasonably believes that Tenant or any party(s) acting under Tenant is using more parking spaces at the Property than Tenant is entitled to use under this Lease, then Tenant shall take such actions as are reasonably required by Landlord to eliminate the parking problem. If Tenant does not agree in good faith that it or any party acting under Tenant is overusing parking spaces, then the parties shall agree on a reasonable, independent test to make such determination (e.g., Tenant shall pay for an independent contractor to take car counts to determine if Tenant is exceeding its parking allocation, but if such independent contractor determines that Tenant is not overusing parking spaces, Landlord [and not Tenant] shall pay for such independent contractor's costs). If Tenant fails to eliminate any such overuse of parking spaces, Landlord shall have the right to install equipment to control access to the parking areas at the Property and/or implement Landlord's desired parking control methods, at Tenant's expense; provided that Tenant shall not be obligated to pay more than 125,000.00 to Landlord for Landlord's costs to purchase and install any such parking access control equipment, systems and related signage Parking Access Control System and Equipment ). Notwithstanding the prior sentence, however, prior to purchasing and installing the Parking Access Control System and Equipment as provided in the prior sentence, Landlord, acting in good faith, will reasonably take into account whether other tenants are also overusing parking spaces overparking tenants and, if so, Landlord will reasonably allocate the costs of purchasing and installing such Parking Access Control System and Equipment between or among Tenant and such other overparking tenant(s). After the purchase and installation of the Parking Access Control System and Equipment has been completed, the ongoing maintenance and operating costs subsequently incurred for the Parking Access Control System and Equipment shall be included in Operating Expenses. From and after October 15, 2018, Landlord shall use commercially diligent efforts to attempt to include similar parking overuse enforcement language in new leases that Landlord enters into for space at the Property with new tenants occupying at least 30,000 rentable square feet; provided, however, that Landlord shall not be in default under the Lease if it fails to comply with the provisions of this sentence. 
 5. Ratification of Lease Provisions. Except as otherwise expressly amended, modified and provided for in this Amendment, Tenant hereby ratifies all of the provisions, covenants and conditions of the Lease, and such provisions, covenants and conditions shall be deemed to be incorporated herein and made a part hereof and shall continue in full force and effect. Any 

inconsistencies or conflicts between the terms and provisions of the Lease and the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall be resolved in favor of the terms and provisions of this Amendment. 
 
 6. Successors And Assigns. It is mutually agreed that all covenants, conditions and 

agreements set forth in the Lease (as amended hereby) shall remain binding upon the parties and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

7. Submission Of Amendment Not An Offer . The submission of this Amendment shall not constitute an offer and this Amendment shall not be effective and binding unless and until fully executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto. 

8. Miscellaneous . Except as modified hereby, all other terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that, as of the Effective Date, (a) Tenant is not in default under any of the terms and provisions of the Lease, (b) to Tenant's knowledge, there are no uncured defaults or unfulfilled obligations on the part of Landlord under the Lease, and (c) Tenant is unaware of any condition or circumstance which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would constitute a default by Landlord under the Lease. Tenant further acknowledges that Tenant has no defenses, offsets, liens, claims or counterclaims against Landlord under the Lease or against the obligations of Tenant under the Lease (including, without limitation, any rentals or other charges due or to become due under the Lease). 

9. Resolution Of Inconsistencies Or Conflicts. Any inconsistencies or conflicts between the terms and provisions of the Lease and the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall be resolved in favor of the terms and provisions of this Amendment. 

10. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

11. Requirement Of Written Modification. This Amendment shall not be modified except in writing signed by both parties hereto. 

12. Counterpart Execution. This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in multiple counterparts; each of which when taken together shall constitute a fully executed original document. Additionally, telecopied or e-mailed/pdf signatures may be used in place of original signatures on this Amendment. Landlord and Tenant intend to be bound by the signatures on the telecopied or e-mailed/pdf document, are aware that the other party will rely on the telecopied or e mailed signatures, and hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Amendment based on the form of signature. 

13. Authority. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that all requisite organizational action has been taken in connection with this Amendment, and that the individual signing on behalf of Tenant has been duly authorized to bind Tenant. Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that all requisite organizational action has been taken in connection with this Amendment, and that the individual signing on behalf of Landlord has been duly authorized to bind Landlord. 

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment on the date first indicated above. 
 
 Landlord: 
 
 25 CORPORATE DRIVE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Rajiv S. Patel 
 Name: Rajiv S. Patel 
 Title: President 
 
 Tenant: 
 
 EVERBRIDGE, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By: /s/ Kenneth S. Goldman 
 Name: Kenneth S. Goldman 
 Title: Senior Vice President CFO 
 Everbridge, Inc. 

EXHIBIT A 

Plan For Tenant's Proposed Third Floor Alterations 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 CBRE 
 Phone: 781 - 272-4212 
 25 Corporate Drive, Suite 110 
 Burlington, MA 01803 

October 3, 2018 
 
 Deb Cafarella Everbridge 
 25 Corporate Drive, 4 th Floor Burlington, MA 01803 
 
 RE: Everbridge- 3 rd Floor Alterations - 25 Corporate Drive, Burlington, MA 
 
 Dear Deb, 
 
 The proposed interior alterations for Everbridge's (Tenant) leased space on the 3 rd floor at 25 Corporate Drive, Burlington, MA, have been reviewed by CBRE, Inc. (Building Management) and are subject to the following comments/requirements and Tenant's acknowledgement: 
 
 The scope of the work will be as indicated on the drawings prepared by SGA dated 9/7 /18 . 
 
 Com m e n ts an d Require m e n ts 
 
 1) A Pre-Construction Balancing Report will be required in order to confirm supply CFM is adequate for the proposed density throughout the space prior to construction. The engineer will be responsible for traversing the supply and return ducts to ensure proper CFM is calculated. The report will also need to confirm the amount of fresh air being delivered to the space meets the requirements for the proposed density of the new floorplan. 

2) HVAC controls devices throughout the space are to be upgraded to DOC (Direct Digital Controls). It will be the responsibility of the MEP Engineer to outline the sequence of operation for the upgraded controls . 

3) New T-Stats shall be installed at 54 to center not the proposed 48 . 

4) The Mechanical Contractor needs to receive approval from Landlord prior to purchase of new FPTs or VAVs. 

5) Please confirm where the power for the exhaust fan will be fed from . 

6) Floor scanning is required prior to floor coring to ensure piping, conduit, or wiring is not damaged. Floor cores must be approved by Landlord prior to the work being completed. 

CBRE 
 Phone: 781-272-4212 
 25 Corporate Drive, Suite 110 
 Burlington, MA 01803 

7) It will be the responsibility of the Demolition Contractor to be aware of any pneumatic lines that could be intermingled with the electrical lines during demolition. Any pneumatic and HVAC devices that are damaged during demolition will be the responsibility of the contractor to remedy. 

8) Shops and material submittals for fire alarm and sprinkler work must be submitted to the respective base building vendors to ensure all proposed materials are conducive to the base building systems. 

9) Metal clad fire alarm wire is required above the ceiling. 

10) Sprinkler heads are required to be turned up while the acoustical ceiling is removed. 

11) The passenger elevators on the 3 rd floor must be covered and protected at all times during active construction. 

12) A check meter is to be installed in order to monitor the electrical usage of any supplemental HVAC units. 

13) All locksets shall be keyed to the building master system. Master key system must go through the base building's locksmith - Benton Lock. 

14) Any revisions in scope as Indicated on the previously reviewed drawings must receive Landlord's written approval prior to performing the work. 

15) All work to be coordinated with the Building Management. The management office can be reached at 781-272-4212. 

16) All work to be performed in a manner which will cause no disruptions to other tenants in the building or the other buildings at 25 Corporate Drive. All loud work must be completed during non-business hours (before 8am or after 6pm). 

17) All work performed will comply with all prevailing local, state and federal building codes and regulations. 

18) A copy of all permits will be delivered to the Landlord's representative prior to commencement of work and upon completion of work the original Certificate of Occupancy will be delivered to Landlord's representative. 

2 

CBRE 
 Phone: 781-272-4212 
 25 Corporate Drive, Suite 110 
 Burlington, MA 01803 
 
 19) Tenant shall have the General Contractor deliver to Landlord's representative a list of emergency telephone numbers for the General Contractor and the name, contact and office numbers of all subcontractors. 

20) Tenant shall have the General Contractor deliver to Landlord's representative a copy of close out documents which will include, at a minimum, a complete set of as-builts and a copy of submittals and warranties and manuals. 

21) Tenant shall have the General Contractor, security and cabling vendors deliver to Landlord's representative a certificate of insurance listing 25 Corporate Drive, LLC, Spear Street Capital, and CBRE, Inc. as additionally insured. 

For the avoidance of doubt, this document shall not serve as Landlord's approval of Tenant's space plan. Per ongoing discussions, Landlord is continuing to review Tenant's space plan and will respond via separate correspondence. 
 
 If you have any questions or concerns related to our comments and requirements, please do not hesitate to reach out to me directly at daniel.ferdenzi@cbre.com or via phone at 781-272-4212 . 

Respectfully, 
 
 /s/ Daniel Ferdenzi 
 Daniel Ferdenzi 
 Senior Real Estate Manager 
 CBRE, Inc. 

3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 evbg-ex10_23.htm
 EX-10.23

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.23 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 This THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE (this Amendment is made as of the 15th day of November, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date ), between 25 CORPORATE DRIVE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company having an address at One Market Plaza, Steuart Tower, Suite 1050, San Francisco, California 94105, as landlord Landlord ), and EVERBRIDGE, INC., a Delaware corporation, having an address at 25 Corporate Drive, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803, as tenant Tenant ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 Landlord and Tenant are the current holders of the landlord s and the tenant s interests, respectively, under that certain Lease dated as of December 16, 2016 (the Original Lease ), as amended by First Amendment To Lease dated as of February 6, 2018 (the First Amendment and a Second Amendment To Lease dated October 16, 2018 (the Second Amendment for approximately 73,346 rentable square feet of space on the third (3 rd and fourth (4 th floors of the building (the Building located at 25 Corporate Drive, Burlington, Massachusetts (the Existing Premises (as so amended, the Original Lease shall be referred to herein as the Lease ). 
 
 The Term of the Lease for the Existing Premises is scheduled to expire on May 31, 2024 (the Original Term Expiration Date ). 
 Landlord and Tenant desire to (a) eliminate from the Existing Premises the portion of the Existing Premises on the 3 rd floor of the Building consisting of approximately 36,636 rentable square feet (the Give Back Premises ), (b) extend the Term of the Lease with respect to the remaining portion of the Existing Premises, and (c) amend the Lease in certain other respects, all as hereinafter set forth. Capitalized terms not otherwise expressly defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Lease. 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows: 
 
 1. Reduction of Premises . Effective as of the earlier of (a) the nine (9) month anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date or (b) substantial completion by Tenant of its initial construction in that portion of the Existing Premises located on the 4 th floor of the Building consisting of approximately 36,710 rentable square feet shown on Exhibit 1.1-1 to the Original Lease (such portion, the Reduced Premises and such earlier date, the Give Back Premises Yield Up Date ), Tenant s right to use and occupy the Give Back Premises shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, such that thereafter the Premises under the Lease shall consist solely of the Reduced Premises. On or before the Give Back Premises Yield Up Date, Tenant shall vacate in its entirety the Give Back Premises and remove all Tenant s Property therefrom, leaving the same in broom clean condition. In the event that Tenant shall not vacate in its entirety and yield up the Give Back Premises in such condition on or before the Give Back Premises Yield Up Date, Tenant shall be deemed in holdover and shall be liable for holdover charges and damages in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Original Lease. The Permitted Holdover described in Section 2.2 of the Original Lease shall not be applicable to the Give Back Premises. 

2. Extension of Term for Reduced Premises . The Term of the Lease with respect to the Reduced Premises is hereby extended beyond the Original Term Expiration Date for a period of seven (7) years (the Extended Reduced Premises Term ), commencing on June 1, 2024 and ending on May 31, 2031 (the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date ). All terms and provisions of the Lease, as amended hereby, shall apply to Tenant s leasing of the Reduced Premises for and during the Extended Reduced Premises Term, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this Amendment. 

3. Condition of Reduced Premises . The Reduced Premises shall be leased to Tenant in its current as is condition, without representation or warranty, and without any obligation on the part of Landlord to perform any construction therein or to otherwise prepare the space for Tenant s occupancy; provided Landlord will (i) install a separate Reduced Premises submeter for electric at Landlord s cost, and (ii) perform the HVAC Unit Replacement and install the Temporary Supplemental Board Room Unit (as such terms are hereinafter defined) pending such HVAC Unit Replacement, all at Landlord s sole cost. 

Landlord shall replace, at Landlord s sole cost, that certain rooftop HVAC unit which is designated as RTU 3 , with a new rooftop HVAC Unit (the HVAC Unit Replacement to provide customary heat and air conditioning in season during Normal Business Hours in accordance with the HVAC specifications attached hereto as Exhibit B (the HVAC Specifications ). Landlord currently intends to perform the HVAC Unit Replacement by July 31, 2023 (the Target HVAC Unit Replacement Date ), and will use reasonable efforts to complete the HVAC Unit Replacement by December 31, 2023 (the Outside HVAC Unit Replacement Date ); provided, however, that each of the Target HVAC Unit Replacement Date and the Outside HVAC Unit Replacement Date shall be extended for any delays caused by Tenant and any delays caused by Force Majeure, including, without limitation, supply chain delays, shortages of labor or materials and governmental restrictions. Upon completion of the HVAC Unit Replacement, Section 6.1(b) of the Original Lease shall be deemed amended and restated in entirety as follows: 
 
 (b) Heat and air-condition as required to maintain comfortable temperature consistently throughout the Premises (excluding specialized temperature and humidity control for computers, printers and other equipment) daily from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, Saturdays from 8:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Normal Business Hours ), the remainder of Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays excepted, consistent with the HVAC Specifications attached as Exhibit B to Third Amendment to Lease dated as of November , 2022 between Landlord and Tenant. 
 
 Until such time as Landlord completes the HVAC Unit Replacement, Landlord shall install, at Landlord s sole cost, a supplemental split system unit for Tenant s board room in the Premise (the Temporary Supplemental Board Room Unit to supplement the heating and air conditioning for such board room in the event of any unexpected issues with the existing HVAC unit pending the HVAC Unit Replacement. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to install the Temporary Supplemental Board Room Unit promptly following the Amendment Effective Date, subject to Force Majeure, including, without limitation, supply chain delays, shortages of labor or materials and governmental restrictions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, 

2 
 
 Landlord shall be solely responsible for all utility costs to operate the Temporary Supplemental Board Room Unit. 
 
 4. Tenant s Reduced Premises Work . Notwithstanding that the Reduced Premises are being leased to Tenant in as is condition, Landlord acknowledges that Tenant intends to perform certain alterations and improvements to the Reduced Premises (the Tenant s Reduced Premises Work ). Tenant shall be permitted to perform Tenant s Reduced Premises Work, subject to Tenant s compliance with the terms and provisions of Section 8.3 of the Original Lease and pursuant to plans and specifications approved by Landlord, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed so long as the proposed work will not affect the structure, systems or any areas exterior to the Reduced Premises. The Tenant s Reduced Premises Work shall be performed by contractors and subcontractors approved in writing by Landlord, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for any reasonable actual out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of Landlord for the review and approval of Tenant s plans and specifications Landlord s Third Party Costs ), within thirty (30) days after Landlord s delivery of an invoice therefor. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Lease, however, Tenant shall not be obligated to pay any oversight or construction management fee to Landlord in connection with the Tenant s Reduced Premises Work. Tenant shall, prior to the commencement of Tenant s Reduced Premises Work, deliver to Landlord copies of all necessary permits and approvals, and evidence of the contractor s and subcontractors insurance in accordance with the Lease. Tenant s Reduced Premises Work shall be performed in a good and workmanlike manner, lien-free and in compliance with all applicable Laws. 

5. Reduced Premises Allowance . So long as Tenant shall not be in default under the Lease (as amended hereby), Landlord shall contribute up to 2,019,050.00 (the Reduced Premises Allowance ), being 55.00 per rentable square foot in the Reduced Premises, toward the cost of Tenant s Reduced Premises Work. The Reduced Premises Allowance shall be used solely to reimburse Tenant for all hard and soft costs relating to Tenant s Reduced Premises Work, including the actual, documented construction costs Hard Costs ), architectural fees, engineering fees, MEP s, furniture, fixtures, equipment, cabling, wiring, IT, and moving expenses (collectively, the Construction Costs incurred in connection with Tenant s Reduced Premises Work. Landlord s Third Party Costs may be deducted by Landlord from the Reduced Premises Allowance. The Reduced Premises Allowance, however, shall not be available to be used or applied as a rent credit. In the event that the total costs of Tenant s Reduced Premises Work exceed the Reduced Premises Allowance (reduced by any Landlord s Third Party Costs paid therefrom), Tenant shall be solely responsible for all such excess costs. After Tenant shall have first paid the estimated amount of such excess costs, Tenant may submit to Landlord monthly requisitions for reimbursement setting forth actual Construction Costs incurred to date, which requisition shall contain invoices and such other evidence of the actual Construction Costs incurred by Tenant as Landlord may reasonably request, lien waivers, and a certificate by the architect or contractor that the work covered by the application has been completed in compliance with the provisions of Section 4 of this Amendment. Landlord shall reimburse Tenant from the remaining balance of the Reduced Premises Allowance, an amount equal to the actual Construction Costs properly set forth in the monthly requisition, within thirty (30) days after receipt of such requisition. Any portion of the Reduced Premises Allowance that is not requisitioned on or before the date that is nine (9) months after the Give Back Premises Yield Up Date shall be deemed forfeited by Tenant, and Landlord shall have no further obligation with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 

3 

Landlord shall not be obligated to disburse any portion of the Reduced Premises Allowance during the continuance of an uncured default under the Lease. In addition to the Reduced Premises Allowance, Landlord shall also reimburse Tenant not more than 5,506.50, being 0.15 per rentable square foot in the Reduced Premises, to reimburse it for third-party costs incurred in preparing a test fit plan for the Reduced Premises Test Fit Allowance ). 
 
 6. Further Amendments to the Lease . The Lease is hereby further amended as follows: 

(a) Effective on the Amendment Effective Date, no Base Rent or Additional Rent shall be payable for the Give Back Premises unless Tenant shall become liable for holdover rent for failure to vacate the Give Back Premises in which event, for the purpose of Section 2.2 of the Lease, Base Rent shall be deemed to be payable therefor at the rate set forth in the Lease without regard to this Amendment. 

(b) Effective on the Amendment Effective Date, Base Rent for the Reduced Premises shall be payable as follows: 

Period 
 Annual Base Rent 
 Monthly Installment of Base Rent 

Third Amendment Lease Year 1 
 1,743,725.00 
 145,310.42 

Third Amendment Lease Year 2 
 1,791,677.44 
 149,306.45 

Third Amendment Lease Year 3 
 1,840,948.57 
 153,412.38 

Third Amendment Lease Year 4 
 1,891,574.65 
 157,631.22 

Third Amendment Lease Year 5 
 1,943,592.96 
 161,966.08 

Third Amendment Lease Year 6 
 1,997,041.76 
 166,420.15 

Third Amendment Lease Year 7 
 2,051,960.41 
 170,996.70 

Third Amendment Lease Year 8 
 2,108,389.33 
 175,699.11 

Third Amendment Lease Year 9 
 2,166,370.03 
 180,530.84 

Third Amendment Lease Year 1 shall mean the twelve (12) month period beginning on the Amendment Effective Date, provided that if the Amendment Effective Date shall not be the first day of a month, Third Amendment Lease Year 1 shall also include the partial month during which the anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date occurs (and Tenant shall pay Base Rent for such partial month on a prorated basis using a Monthly Base Rent equal to 145,310.42), and each subsequent Third Amendment Lease Year shall mean each successive period of twelve (12) calendar months following the expiration of Third Amendment Lease Year 1, provided that Third Amendment Lease Year 9 shall end on the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date (i.e., May 31, 2031). 
 
 (c) With respect to the Reduced Premises, beginning on the Amendment Effective 

4 
 
 Date and continuing through the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date, Tenant 

shall continue to be obligated to pay Additional Rent for increases in Operating Expenses and Taxes under Article 5 of the Original Lease, using the Tenant s Share and base years set forth below in Section 6 of this Amendment. 
 (d) Effective on the Amendment Effective Date and continuing through the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date, for purposes of calculating the Additional Rent amounts due from Tenant for the Reduced Premises for Tenant s Share of increases in Operating Expenses and Taxes under Article 5 of the Original Lease, Tenant s Share shall be reduced to 31.14 , subject to recalculation in the event of any change to the rentable area of the Premises or the Building, but in no instance shall Tenant s Share exceed the current share of 31.14 . 

(e) Effective on the Amendment Effective Date and continuing through the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date, for purposes of calculating the Additional Rent amounts due from Tenant for the Reduced Premises for Tenant s Share of increases in Operating Expenses under Article 5 of the Original Lease, the Base Expense Year shall be calendar year 2023. 

(f) Effective on the Amendment Effective Date and continuing through the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date, for purposes of calculating the Additional Rent amounts due from Tenant for the Reduced Premises for Tenant s Share of increases in Taxes under Article 5 of the Original Lease, the Base Tax Year shall be the tax fiscal year July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023. 

7. Payment of Utilities And Electricity . Tenant shall continue to be obligated to pay for utilities and services supplied to the Give Back Premises under the Lease during the period beginning on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the Give Back Premises Yield Up Date. 

Beginning on the Amendment Effective Date and continuing through the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date, Tenant shall continue to be responsible to pay for electricity consumed for the Reduced Premises under Section 5.4 of the Original Lease. Prior to the Give Back Premises Yield Up Date, Landlord shall install at their sole cost and expense a submeter to measure electric consumption in the Reduced Premises. After the installation of such submeter, Tenant shall make payments to Landlord for the costs of the electricity measured by such submeter in the following manner: Tenant shall pay on a monthly basis, as Additional Rent, 1/12 th of Landlord s reasonable estimate of the costs of such electricity together with Tenant s payment of Base Rent, and Landlord shall reconcile such payments against the actual electricity usage based on Landlord s reading of the submeter, absent manifest error, from time to time (but in any event no less often than once per year); in connection therewith, Landlord shall provide Tenant with reasonable back-up evidencing the electricity costs that are subject to reconciliation. Based on such reconciliation by Landlord, Tenant shall make any underpayments to Landlord within twenty (20) days of receiving Landlord s reconciliation statement therefor, or, in the case of overpayments by Tenant, Landlord shall provide Tenant within twenty (20) days of Landlord s reconciliation statement a credit against future payments of electricity costs. 

5 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Landlord shall be solely responsible for all utility costs to operate the Temporary Supplemental Board Room Unit as provided in Section 3 above. 
 8. Extension Option . Tenant shall have the option to extend the Term of the Lease with respect to the Reduced Premises beyond the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date for one (1) additional period of seven (7) years, upon the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto. Effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, Article 17 of the Original Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety. 

9. Right of First Offer . Effective on the Amendment Effective Date, Article 19 of the Original Lease (Right of First Offer) is hereby deleted from the Lease. 

10. Tenant s Parking Space Allotment . Effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, Section 1.3 of the Original Lease (as amended through the Second Amendment) is hereby amended by deleting the second sentence thereof and by substituting therefor the following sentence: Upon the Amendment Effective Date of that Third Amendment to Lease dated as of November , 2022 between Landlord and Tenant, Tenant shall be entitled to 131 parking spaces pursuant to such ratio. 

11. Assignment and Sublease . Section 12.1 of the Lease is hereby amended to provide that Landlord shall not be obligated to consent to an assignment of this Lease or a sublease of all or any part of the Premises if the proposed assignee or subtenant is a tenant of the Building or any other building in the Park in which the Building is located and Landlord has comparably sized available space for lease in the Building or any such other building 

12. Security Deposit. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Landlord is currently holding a Letter of Credit as the Security Deposit under the Lease in the amount of 133,106.00 (the Letter of Credit ). The Letter of Credit shall continue be held by Landlord as the Security Deposit under the Lease for the period beginning on the Amendment Effective Date and continuing through the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date (and, if the Term shall be so extended, for the extension period described in Section 8 above), subject to the terms and provisions applicable to the Letter of Credit as set forth in Section 4.6 of the Original Lease. 

13. Brokerage . Landlord and Tenant hereby represent and warrant to each other that, other than CBRE and JLL (collectively, the Brokers ), neither has dealt with any real estate broker or agent in connection with the procurement of this Amendment. Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from any costs, expense or liability (including costs of suit and reasonable attorneys fees) for any compensation, commission or fees claimed by any real estate broker or agent other than the Brokers in connection with the procurement of this Amendment because of any act or statement by Tenant. 

14. Successors And Assigns . It is mutually agreed that all covenants, conditions and agreements set forth in the Lease (as amended hereby) shall remain binding upon the parties and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

6 
 
 15. Submission Of Amendment Not An Offer . The submission of this Amendment shall not constitute an offer and this Amendment shall not be effective and binding unless and until fully executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto. 

16. Miscellaneous . Except as modified hereby, all other terms and conditions of the Lease shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that, as of the date hereof, (a) Tenant is not in default under any of the terms and provisions of the Lease, (b) to Tenant s knowledge, there are no uncured defaults or unfulfilled obligations on the part of Landlord, and 

(c) Tenant is unaware of any condition or circumstance which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would constitute a default by Landlord under the Lease. Tenant further acknowledges that Tenant has no defenses, offsets, liens, claims or counterclaims against Landlord under the Lease or against the obligations of Tenant under the Lease (including, without limitation, any rentals or other charges due or to become due under the Lease). 
 
 17. Resolution Of Inconsistencies Or Conflicts . Any inconsistencies or conflicts between the terms and provisions of the Lease and the terms and provisions of this Amendment shall be resolved in favor of the terms and provisions of this Amendment. 

18. Requirement Of Written Modification . This Amendment shall not be modified except in writing signed by both parties hereto. 

19. Counterpart Execution . This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in multiple counterparts; each of which when taken together shall constitute a fully executed original document. Additionally, telecopied or e-mailed/pdf signatures may be used in place of original signatures on this Amendment. Landlord and Tenant intend to be bound by the signatures on the telecopied or e-mailed/pdf document, are aware that the other party will rely on the telecopied or e-mailed signatures, and hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Amendment based on the form of signature. 

20. Authority . Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that all requisite organizational action has been taken in connection with this Amendment, and that the individual signing on behalf of Tenant has been duly authorized to bind Tenant. Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that all requisite organizational action has been taken in connection with this Amendment, and that the individual signing on behalf of Landlord has been duly authorized to bind Landlord. 

[SIGNATURES BEGIN ON NEXT PAGE] 

7 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment on the date first indicated above. 
 
 LANDLORD : 
 25 CORPORATE DRIVE, a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By:	 /s/ Rajiv S. Patel 
 Name:	Rajiv S. Patel 
 Title:	President 

TENANT : 
 
 EVERBRIDGE, INC., a Delaware corporation 
 
 By: /s/ David Granata 
 
 Name:	David Granata 
 Title:	Senior Director - Procurement 

8 
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 EXTENSION OPTION 
 If (a) there then is no Event of Default and (b) Tenant has not assigned this Lease and is not then subleasing, and has not previously sublet for more than a five year (5) year period more than thirty percent (30 of the Premises, Tenant may extend the Term of the Lease with respect to the entire Reduced Premises beyond the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date (i.e., May 31, 2031) for one (1) additional period of seven (7) years, by delivering written notice of the exercise thereof to Landlord not earlier than eighteen (18) months nor later than twelve (12) months before the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date Extension Notice ). The Base Rent payable for such extended Term shall be the Prevailing Rental Rate (as hereinafter defined). As used herein, the Prevailing Rental Rate shall mean the annual prevailing rental rate (which shall include annual increases) for the applicable periods, for leases of space in comparable buildings in the Burlington, Massachusetts area, of comparable quality, size, utility and location (including proximity to amenities), with the length of the extended Term and the credit standing of Tenant to be taken into account. Within thirty (30) days after receipt of Tenant s Extension Notice, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant written notice of the Prevailing Rental Rate and shall advise Tenant of the required adjustment to Base Rent and the other terms and conditions offered. Tenant shall, within five (5) business days after receipt of Landlord s notice, notify Landlord in writing whether Tenant accepts or rejects Landlord s determination of the Prevailing Rental Rate and calculation of the Base Rent for the extended Term Landlord s Determination ). If Tenant fails to respond to Landlord s Determination within such five (5) business day period, then Tenant shall be deemed to have rejected Landlord s Determination. If Tenant timely notifies Landlord that Tenant accepts Landlord s Determination, then, on or before the commencement date of the extended Term, Landlord and Tenant shall execute an amendment to this Lease extending the Term on the same terms provided in this Lease, except as follows: 
 
 (a) Base Rent shall be adjusted in accordance with Landlord s Determination; 

(b) Tenant shall have no further extension option unless expressly granted by Landlord in writing; and 

(c) Landlord shall lease to Tenant the Premises in their then-current condition, and Landlord shall not provide to Tenant any allowances (e.g., moving allowance, construction allowance, and the like) or other tenant inducements. 

If Tenant timely rejects or is deemed to have rejected Landlord s Determination, then the Extension Notice shall be deemed null and void and the Lease shall expire on the Extended Reduced Premises Termination Date unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of this Lease. 
 Tenant s rights under this Exhibit shall terminate if (1) the Lease or Tenant s right to possession of the Premises is terminated, (2) Except as provided for in Section 12.6 of the Original Lease Permitted Transfers ), Tenant assigns any of its interest in the Lease or sublets more than thirty percent (30 of the Premises for more than a five (5) year period (3) Tenant is subleasing more than thirty percent (30 of the Premises on the date of the delivery of Tenant s exercise of the option to extend under this Exhibit A or (4) Tenant fails to timely exercise its option under 
 
 this Exhibit, time being of the essence with respect to Tenant s exercise thereof. 
 
 9 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 HVAC SPECIFICATIONS 
 
 The HVAC system serving the Premises shall be capable of providing: 
 
 Summer indoor conditions of 76 degrees F DB (Maximum), when outdoor summer conditions are no higher than 88 degrees F DB; and 

Winter indoor conditions of 66 degrees F DB (Minimum), when outdoor winter conditions are no lower than 0 degrees F DB; 

in each case, subject to compliance with governmental directives or the rules and regulations of the provider of electrical service to the Building and subject to Tenant s compliance with the terms of this Lease. The foregoing design conditions are based upon normal office use in the Premises and upon an occupancy that does not exceed the standard density limit for the Building. 

10 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 6
 evbg-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Everbridge, Inc. 

Company Name 
 Jurisdiction 

Alarmpoint, Inc. 
 California 

Anvil Worldwide Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Beijing Wanqiao Daguan Information and Technology Co., Ltd. 
 China 

CNL Software Limited 
 United Kingdom 

CNL Software, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Connexient, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Everbridge Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Everbridge Denmark ApS 
 Denmark 

Everbridge Europe Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Everbridge Finland OY 
 Finland 

Everbridge France SAS 
 France 

Everbridge Holdings Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Everbridge Hungary Kft. 
 Hungary 

Everbridge Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Everbridge Netherlands Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Everbridge Norway AS 
 Norway 

Everbridge Securities Corporation 
 Massachusetts 

Everbridge Technologies India Private Limited 
 India 

FlightSafe Consultants Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Microtech USA LLC 
 Delaware 

NC4 Public Sector, LLC 
 Delaware 

NC4, LLC 
 Delaware 

One2many B.V. 
 Netherlands 

One2many (Company Limited) 
 China 

One2many Group B.V. 
 Netherlands 

One2many Hong Kong Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

One2many Solutions (Mauritius) Ltd. 
 Mauritius 

Previstar, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Previstar Pvt. Ltd. 
 India 

Red Sky Technologies, Inc. 
 Illinois 

SnapComms Limited 
 New Zealand 

SnapComms UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 

SnapComms, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Svensk Krisledning AB 
 Sweden 

Techwan SA 
 Switzerland 

The Anvil Group (International) Limited 
 United Kingdom 

The Anvil Group Japan LLC 
 Japan 

The Anvil Group Limited 
 United Kingdom 

The Anvil Group LLC 
 Florida 

Unified Messaging Systems Sverige AB 
 Sweden 

xMatters, Inc. 
 California 

xMatters Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 evbg-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 Nos. 333-262231 and 333-220777) of Everbridge, Inc., 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-269039) pertaining to the 2022 Inducement Plan of Everbridge, Inc., 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-263048, 333-253639, 333-236767, 333-230032, 333-227502 and 333-216909) pertaining to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Everbridge, Inc., and 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213679) pertaining to the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, and the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Everbridge, Inc.; 

of our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Everbridge, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Everbridge, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Everbridge, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 evbg-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David J. Wagner, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Everbridge, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David J. Wagner 

Name: David J. Wagner 

Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 evbg-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick Brickley, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Everbridge, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Patrick Brickley 

Name: Patrick Brickley 

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 evbg-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David J. Wagner, Chief Executive Officer of Everbridge, Inc., do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Everbridge, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ): 
 (1)	fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Everbridge, Inc. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David J. Wagner 

Name: David J. Wagner 

Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Everbridge, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 evbg-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick Brickley, Chief Financial Officer of Everbridge, Inc., do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Everbridge, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ): 
 (1)	fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Everbridge, Inc. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Patrick Brickley 

Name: Patrick Brickley 

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Everbridge, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 evbg-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 evbg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 evbg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 evbg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 evbg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

