<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1849867_0001558370-23-005015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15442699</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221342</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1672276</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6261636</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2190977</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4593569</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-005015.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330120105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-005015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Catalyst Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849867
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				862411762

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40893
		FILM NUMBER:		23778438

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 N. COURT STREET
		CITY:			OPELOUSAS
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70570
		BUSINESS PHONE:		337-948-3033

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 N. COURT STREET
		CITY:			OPELOUSAS
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70570

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-005015.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 clst-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______________ to _________________. Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 5(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing price of 13.53 for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market, was approximately million. Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 27, 2023: . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated into Part III, Items 10 through 14. 

Table of Contents 
 CATALYST BANCORP, INC. Form 10-K For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I. Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 23 Item 2. Properties 23 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 24 Item 6. [Reserved.] 24 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 46 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 82 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 82 Item 9B. Other Information 82 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 82 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 83 Item 11. Executive Compensation 83 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 83 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 84 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 84 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 85 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 86 SIGNATURES 87 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the regulations thereunder). Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead represent only the beliefs, expectations or opinions of Catalyst Bancorp and its management regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of such words as: believe , expect , anticipate , intend , plan , estimate , or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional terms such as will , would , should , could , may , likely , probably , or possibly. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions; statements regarding plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, products and services; and statements regarding future performance. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumption, many of which are difficult to predict and generally are beyond the control of Catalyst Bancorp and its management, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: (1) economic and competitive conditions which could affect the volume of loan originations, deposit flows and real estate values; (2) the levels of non-interest income and expense and the amount of loan losses; (3) competitive pressure among depository institutions increasing significantly; (4) changes in the interest rate environment causing reduced interest margins; (5) general economic conditions, either nationally or in the markets in which Catalyst Bancorp is or will be doing business, being less favorable than expected (6) political and social unrest including acts of war or terrorism; (7) the effect of any ongoing impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) or (8) legislation or changes in regulatory requirements adversely affecting the business in which Catalyst Bancorp will be engaged. Catalyst Bancorp undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which such statements were made. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1. Business BUSINESS OF CATALYST BANCORP, INC. Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. Catalyst Bancorp or the Company was incorporated by St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank St. Landry Homestead or the Bank in February 2021 as part of the conversion of St. Landry Homestead from the mutual to the stock form of organization. In June 2022, St. Landry Homestead changed its name to Catalyst Bank (the Bank ). The conversion of the Bank from the mutual to the stock form of organization (the Conversion was completed on October 12, 2021, at which time the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Bank and became the holding company for the Bank. As a result of the Conversion, the Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Catalyst Bancorp. Concurrently with consummation of the Conversion, the Company completed its initial public offering and issued 5,290,000 shares of its common stock for an aggregate of 52.9 million. Total net proceeds from the offering were 50.8 million (including shares issued to the Company s employee stock ownership plan ESOP )). The Company contributed 50 of the net proceeds from the stock offering to the Bank. The Company retained the remainder of the net proceeds from the stock offering and used 4.2 million to make a loan to the ESOP. Catalyst Bancorp is a registered bank holding company and is authorized to pursue business activities permitted by applicable laws and regulations, which may include the acquisition of banking and financial services companies. See Supervision and Regulation Holding Company Regulation for a discussion of the activities that are permitted for bank holding companies. We currently have no understandings or agreements to acquire any other financial institution, although we may determine to do so in the future. Catalyst Bancorp s cash flow depends on earnings from the investment of the net proceeds from the offering that it retains and any dividends it receives from the Bank. The Bank is subject to regulatory limitations on the amount of dividends that it may pay. See Supervision and Regulation Federal Banking Regulation Capital Distributions. The Company neither owns nor leases any property, but instead utilizes the premises, equipment and furniture of the Bank. At the present time, the Company employs only persons who are officers of the Bank to serve as officers of the Company. The Company does, however, use the support staff of the Bank from time to time. Catalyst Bancorp may hire additional employees, as appropriate, to the extent we expand our business in the future. Our headquarters is located at 235 N. Court Street, Opelousas, Louisiana, and our telephone number is (337) 948-3033. We maintain a website at www.catalystbank.com , and we provide our customers with on-line banking services. This Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as all other filings we make with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are available on our website under the Investor Relations tab. Information on our website should not be considered a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As used in this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, our, us, or the Company refer to Catalyst Bancorp, and the term the Bank refers to Catalyst Bank (formerly St. Landry Homestead), the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In addition, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the operations of the Company include the operations of the Bank. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 BUSINESS OF CATALYST BANK General. Catalyst Bank is a federally-chartered community-oriented savings bank which was originally organized in 1922 under the name St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank and is headquartered in Opelousas, Louisiana. St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank changed its name to Catalyst Bank in June 2022. The Bank currently conducts its business from its main office as well as five additional full-service branch offices. Our branch offices are located in Eunice, Port Barre and Opelousas, in St. Landry Parish, and Lafayette and Carencro, in Lafayette Parish. Branch offices in Opelousas and Carencro were opened in July 2019 and October 2020, respectively. Our newest branch office, located in Lafayette, Louisiana, opened for business in November 2021. St. Landry and Lafayette Parishes are in the Acadiana region of south central Louisiana. We are primarily engaged in attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds to invest in loans and securities. Our principal sources of funds are customer deposits, repayments of loans, maturities of investments and funds borrowed from outside sources such as the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Dallas. These funds are primarily used for the origination of loans, including single-family residential first mortgage loans, commercial real estate mortgage loans, multi-family residential mortgage loans, commercial and industrial loans, construction and land loans and other loans. The Bank derives its income principally from interest earned on loans and investment securities and, to a lesser extent, from fees received in connection with the origination of loans, service charges on deposit accounts and for other services. The Bank s primary expenses are compensation and benefits, interest expense on deposits and borrowings and other general operating expenses. Historically, the Bank was a traditional thrift institution with an emphasis on long-term single-family residential first mortgage loans secured by residences located in our traditional market area centered in Opelousas, Louisiana. At December 31, 2022, 87.5 million, or 65.5 of our total loan portfolio, was comprised of single-family residential mortgage loans. Our business strategy is to enhance our products and services and embrace a full-service community bank model by re-focusing our efforts to attract a greater number of small-to mid-sized businesses and business professionals in our market area and to increase our holdings of commercial and multi-family residential real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. Commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans are deemed attractive due to their generally higher yields and shorter anticipated lives compared to single-family residential mortgage loans. Market Area and Competition Historically, our business focus has centered on areas within a short drive from our banking offices in St. Landry Parish and adjoining areas. We expanded our branch office network into neighboring Lafayette Parish by opening our Carencro office in October 2020 and our Lafayette office in November 2021. In recent years, St. Landry Parish has seen limited growth or expansion. Lafayette, on the other hand, has experienced more growth and expansion. In the future, we expect to increase our penetration in both St. Landry and Lafayette Parishes with a focus on serving small- to mid-sized businesses and professionals. Economic activity in the Acadiana region of south-central Louisiana is influenced by the oil and gas industry. In addition, other major sectors driving economic activity in Acadiana include energy support services, healthcare, technology, manufacturing, finance, tourism and other service-related industries. The education, healthcare and social service sector represents the largest employment sector in St. Landry Parish and Lafayette Parish. We face significant competition in originating loans and attracting deposits. This competition stems primarily from commercial banks, other savings banks and savings associations, credit unions and mortgage-banking companies. Many of the financial service providers operating in our market area are significantly larger, and have greater financial resources, than us. We face additional competition for deposits from short-term money market funds and other corporate and government securities funds, mutual funds and from other non-depository financial institutions such as brokerage firms and insurance companies. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Lending Activities General. At December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio totaled 133.6 million, or 50.7 of total assets. Historically, our principal lending activity has been the origination of loans collateralized by one- to four-family, also known as single-family, residential real estate loans located in our market area. We are currently focused on increasing our commercial loan portfolio by originating commercial real estate and multi-family residential mortgage loans, commercial and industrial loans, and construction and land loans. In addition, we originate consumer loans, consisting primarily of loans secured by deposits at the Bank, automobile, recreational vehicle and boat loans, and other loans. Loan Originations. Our lending activities are subject to underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by our Board of Directors and management. Loan originations are obtained through a variety of sources, primarily existing customers as well as new customers obtained from referrals and local advertising and promotional efforts. Single-family residential mortgage loan applications and consumer loan applications are taken at any of the Bank s branch offices. Applications for other loans typically are taken personally by one of our commercial bankers. All loan applications are processed and underwritten by our credit department personnel under the supervision of our Chief Credit Officer. Our underwriting standards do not require that new single-family residential mortgage loans conform to secondary market standards and a significant portion of our single-family residential mortgage loans are considered non-conforming due to factors such as the borrower s job status or income, the condition or age of the residence or other factors. For loans which are secured by real estate, property valuations are undertaken by independent third-party appraisers approved by our Board of Directors. In addition to originating loans, we occasionally purchase participation interests in larger balance loans, typically commercial real estate mortgage loans or construction and land development loans, from other financial institutions in our market area or other markets in Louisiana. At December 31, 2022, we had purchased participation interests in four loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of 2.5 million. Full underwriting and credit analysis procedures are performed by our credit department before such participations are purchased to verify compliance with our loan policy. Generally, we have purchased such loans without any recourse to the seller. However, we actively monitor the performance of such loans through the receipt of regular reports from the lead lender regarding the loan s performance, physically inspecting the loan security property on a periodic basis, discussing the loan with the lead lender on a regular basis and receiving copies of the borrower s updated financial statements. During 2022, one of our purchased participation interests, with an outstanding balance of 967,000 at December 31, 2021, was paid-off. In addition, the Bank also occasionally sells participation interests in loans it originates. We had no sold loan participation interests at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. We generally have sold participation interests in loans when a loan would exceed our loans-to-one borrower limits. Our legal loans-to-one borrower limit, with certain exceptions, generally is 15 of the Bank s unimpaired capital and surplus, or 12.0 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, our five largest loans to one borrower and related entities amounted to 3.5 million, 3.1 million, 3.0 million, 2.6 million and 2.1 million, respectively, and all of such loans were performing in accordance with their terms. One- to Four-Family Residential Mortgage Lending. Historically, our primary lending focus was the origination of loans secured by first mortgages on one- to four-family residences in our market area. At December 31, 2022, 87.5 million, or 65.5 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of single-family residential mortgage loans with an average outstanding balance of 67,000 per loan. Applications for one-to four-family residential mortgage loans are accepted at any of our banking offices and are then referred to our credit department for processing, which consists primarily of obtaining all documents required to complete the underwriting, which includes making a determination whether the loan meets our underwriting standards. Our underwriting standards do not require that new single-family residential mortgage loans conform to secondary market standards. We underwrite one- to four-family residential mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios which generally do not exceed 80 . Loan-to-value ratios are based upon an appraisal of the collateral performed by a licensed and Company-approved appraiser. If appropriate, we also require that title insurance, hazard insurance and flood insurance be maintained on all properties securing real estate loans. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 We currently originate fixed-rate, fully amortizing mortgage loans with maturities up to 30 years. We also offer adjustable rate mortgage ARM loans where the interest rate is generally fixed for the initial three to five years and then adjusts every three to five years thereafter. At December 31, 2022, approximately 67.3 of our single-family residential mortgage loans maturing after December 31, 2023 were ARM loans. Our ARM loans have a cap on any increase or decrease in the interest rate of up to 2.5 at any adjustment date and a 6 cap above or below the initial interest rate over the life of the loan. On and prior to December 31, 2021, the interest rate on our ARM loans was based on the Semi-Annual Weighted Average Cost of Funds Index of the FHLB for the 11 th District. The 11 th District Cost of Funds Index COFI was discontinued after the publication of the index for the period ended December 2021. As a result, we have replaced the 11 th District Cost of Funds Index with the Enterprise 11 th District COFI Replacement Index, which is administered and published by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. Although adjustable-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans may reduce our vulnerability to changes in market interest rates because they periodically reprice, as interest rates increase, the required payments due from the borrower also increase (subject to rate caps), increasing the potential for default by the borrower. At the same time, the ability of the borrower to repay the loan and the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher interest rates. Upward adjustments of the contractual interest rate are also limited by the maximum periodic and lifetime rate adjustments permitted by our loan documents. As a result, the effectiveness of adjustable-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans in compensating for changes in market interest rates may be limited during periods of rapidly rising interest rates. Commercial Real Estate Loans and Multi-Family Residential Loans. At December 31, 2022, our commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans amounted to an aggregate of 22.6 million, or 16.9 of our total loan portfolio at such date. We have increased our emphasis on commercial real estate loans and multi-family residential real estate loans as they generally have shorter terms to maturity, improving the Bank s interest rate risk profile, and provide higher yields than single-family residential mortgage loans. Our commercial real estate loan portfolio amounted to 19.4 million, or 14.5 of the total loan portfolio, at December 31, 2022 and consist primarily of loans secured by retail and industrial use buildings, hotels, strip shopping centers and other properties used for commercial purposes located in our market area. The five largest commercial real estate loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 were 2.9 million, 1.3 million, 939,000, 937,000 and 651,000, and all of such loans were performing in accordance with their terms. At such date, the average commercial real estate loan size was 198,000. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s multi-family residential mortgage loans amounted to 3.2 million, or 2.4 of the total loan portfolio. The Bank s multi-family residential mortgage loans, which are underwritten and approved in a manner consistent with the Bank s commercial real estate loans, are secured by residential properties with more than four units located in the Bank s market area. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s largest multi-family residential mortgage loan was a 1.9 million loan secured by an 86 unit apartment complex located in Opelousas, Louisiana, which is performing in accordance with its terms. At December 31, 2022, we had a total of seven multi-family residential mortgage loans with an average outstanding balance of 457,000 per loan. Although terms for commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans vary, our underwriting standards generally allow for terms not exceeding 20 years and loan-to-value ratios of not more than 80 . Interest rates are typically adjustable, based upon designated market indices such as The Wall Street Journal prime rate, or fixed-rate, and fees are charged to the borrower at the origination of the loan. The actual lives of such loans generally are less than their contractual terms to maturity due to prepayments and re-financings. Generally, we obtain personal guarantees of the principals as additional collateral for commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans. Commercial real estate and multi-family residential lending involve a greater degree of risk than single-family residential lending. These risks include larger loans to individual borrowers and loan payments that are dependent upon the successful operation of the project or the borrower s business. These risks can be affected by supply and demand conditions of rental housing units, office and retail space and other commercial space in the project s market area. Various aspects of commercial real estate and multi-family residential transactions are evaluated in an effort to mitigate the additional risk in these types of loans. In our underwriting procedures, consideration is given to the stability of the property s cash flow 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 history, future operating projections, current and projected occupancy levels, location and physical condition. We also evaluate the credit and financial condition of the borrower, and if applicable, the guarantor. Generally, we impose a debt service ratio (the ratio of net cash flows from operations before the payment of debt service to debt service) of not less than 125 in the case of commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans. Appraisal reports prepared by independent appraisers are obtained on each loan to substantiate the property s market value, and are reviewed by us prior to the closing of the loan. At December 31, 2022, less than 1 of our commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans were delinquent for more than 30 days, or were on non-accrual status. In aggregate, charge-offs of commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans totaled less than 1,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Construction and Land Loans . At December 31, 2022, construction and land loans amounted to 6.2 million, or 4.6 of our total loans outstanding. This portfolio consists of a fairly even mix of construction loans and loans secured by land, which includes raw land (unimproved and unplatted) and lots (land which has been subdivided and platted). As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of our land loans totaled 2.9 million with an average outstanding balance per loan of 48,000. Such loans are generally secured by properties in our market area and have original terms to maturity ranging from eight to ten years. Our policy generally is that such loans have loan-to-value ratios not to exceed 70 in the case of personal land loans or 65 in the case of commercial land loans. Our construction loans at December 31, 2022, included 865,000 related to an 80 participation interest in a 1.9 million commercial subdivision development loan secured by property located in Carencro, Louisiana and 384,000 related to a 10 participation interest in a 50.0 million multi-family residential construction loan secured by a property located in Lafayette, Louisiana. Both participation interests were purchased during 2022 and were performing in accordance with their terms as of December 31, 2022. Our construction and land loans also included single-family residential construction loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of 1.7 million at December 31, 2022. Generally, the Bank s single-family residential construction loans are for the construction and permanent financing construction/permanent loans of the related property. The Bank s construction/permanent loans are structured to provide one closing for both the construction loan and the permanent financing. Generally, employees of the Bank make periodic inspections of the construction site during the construction phase and loan proceeds are disbursed directly to the contractors as construction progresses. Typically, disbursements are made in five draws during the construction period. Construction/permanent loans require payment of interest only during the construction phase and are structured to be converted to fixed- or adjustable-rate permanent loans at the end of the construction phase. Prior to making a commitment to fund a construction loan, the Bank requires an appraisal. Our construction/permanent loans have a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80 during the construction phase. Loan proceeds are disbursed based on a percentage of completion. All of such loans had terms to maturity of less than 24 months and were performing at December 31, 2022. Construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property s value at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost, including interest, of construction and other assumptions. Additionally, if the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, the Bank may be confronted with a project, when completed, having a value less than the loan amount. The Bank has attempted to minimize these risks by generally concentrating on construction and development loans in its market area to contractors who have established a quality reputation. Commercial and Industrial Loans. Our commercial and industrial loans amounted to 13.8 million, or 10.4 of the total loan portfolio, at December 31, 2022. Our commercial and industrial loans are typically to small to mid-sized businesses in our market area and may be for working capital, equipment financing, inventory financing or accounts receivable financing. These loans may have adjustable or fixed rates of interest and generally have terms of five years or less. Our commercial and industrial loans include unsecured loans and loans secured by equipment, machinery or other corporate, non-real estate assets. Our maximum loan to value ratio for commercial and industrial loans is generally 80 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 and we typically require a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 125 on such loans. In addition, we generally obtain personal guarantees from the principals of the borrower with respect to all commercial and industrial loans. The five largest commercial and industrial loans at December 31, 2022 had outstanding balances of 2.3 million, 1.4 million, 857,000, 575,000 and 500,000, and all of which were performing in accordance with their terms. At such date, the average amount outstanding per borrower within our commercial and industrial loan portfolio was 180,000. At December 31, 2022, approximately 1.3 million of our commercial and industrial loans were unsecured. Commercial and industrial loans generally are deemed to involve a greater degree of risk than single-family residential mortgage loans. Repayment of our commercial and industrial loans is often dependent on the cash flows of the borrower, which may be unpredictable, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Credit support provided by the borrower for most of these loans and the probability of repayment is based on the liquidation of the pledged collateral and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any exists. As a result, in the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers. The collateral securing other loans, such as inventory or equipment, may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Consumer Lending Activities. In our efforts to provide a full range of financial services to our customers, we offer various types of consumer loans. Our consumer loans amounted to 3.4 million, or 2.6 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Our consumer loans are comprised primarily of loans secured by deposits at the Bank, which amounted to 2.2 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, our consumer loans include automobile loans, boat loans, recreational vehicle loans and unsecured personal loans. Consumer loans generally have higher interest rates and shorter terms than residential loans. However, consumer loans have additional credit risk due to the type of collateral securing the loan or in some cases the absence of collateral. In the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net charge-offs of consumer loans totaled 26,000 and 17,000, respectively. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority. Our Board of Directors establishes the Bank s lending policies. Our loan policy is reviewed at least annually by our management team in order to propose modifications as a result of market conditions, regulatory changes and other factors. All modifications must be approved by our Board of Directors. Various officers or combinations of officers of the Bank have the authority within specifically identified limits to approve new loans. The maximum loan amount that may be approved by an individual officer is 300,000. Loans up to 400,000 may be approved by the President and an additional designated officer. All other loans must be approved by our Board-level Loan Committee or the full Board of Directors. Asset Quality General. One of our key objectives has been, and continues to be, maintaining a high level of asset quality. In addition to maintaining credit standards for new originations which we believe are sound, we are proactive in our loan monitoring, collection and workout processes in dealing with delinquent or problem loans. When a borrower fails to make a scheduled payment, we attempt to cure the deficiency by making personal contact with the borrower. Initial contacts are generally made within 30 days after the date the payment is due. In most cases, deficiencies are promptly resolved. If the delinquency continues, late charges are assessed and additional efforts are made to collect the deficiency. Loans which are designated as special mention, classified or which are delinquent 90 days or more are reported to the Board of Directors. We stop accruing interest on loans non-accrual loans) when the loan is determined by management to be uncollectable due to the borrower s failure to meet repayment terms, the borrower s deteriorating or deteriorated financial condition, or the depreciation of underlying collateral. Interest income is not accrued on these loans until the borrower s financial condition and payment record demonstrate an ability to service the debt. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Property acquired by the Bank through foreclosure is initially recorded at the lower of cost, which is the carrying value of the loan, or fair value at the date of acquisition, which is fair value of the related assets at the date of foreclosure, less estimated costs to sell. Thereafter, if there is a further deterioration in value, we charge earnings for the decrease in value. When appropriate, the Bank obtains an appraisal on real estate subject to foreclosure proceedings prior to the time of foreclosure. Periodically, we obtain re-appraisals and conduct inspections on our foreclosed properties. We account for our impaired loans in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. An impaired loan generally is one for which it is probable, based on available information, that the lender will not collect all the amounts due under the contractual terms of the loan. Large groups of homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. These loans are evaluated in groups because each group of loans have similar characteristics and performance experience. Larger commercial real estate, construction and land development and commercial business loans are individually evaluated for impairment at least quarterly by management. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans identified as impaired and individually evaluated for estimated losses amounted to 2.8 million and 2.3 million, respectively. Federal regulations and our policies require that we utilize an internal asset classification system as a means of reporting problem and potential problem assets. We have incorporated an internal asset classification system, consistent with Federal banking regulations, as a part of our credit monitoring system. We currently classify problem and potential problem assets as special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss assets. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. Assets which do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are required to be designated special mention. When an insured institution classifies one or more assets, or portions thereof, as substandard or doubtful, a valuation allowance for estimated loan losses is established in accordance with an accepted methodology. General valuation allowances represent loss allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike specific allocations, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies one or more assets, or portions thereof, as loss, the amount is charged off. Our allowance for loan losses includes a portion which is allocated to loans collectively evaluated, based primarily upon our periodic reviews of the risk elements within the various categories of loans. The specific components relate to certain impaired loans. The general components cover non-impaired loans and are based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors in response to changes in risk and market conditions. Our management believes that, based on information currently available, the allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which covers all known and inherent losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable at each reporting date. However, actual losses are dependent upon future events and, as such, further additions to the level of the allowance for loan losses may become necessary. We review and classify loans at least quarterly and the Board of Directors is provided with reports on our classified and criticized assets. We classify assets in accordance with the management guidelines described above. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no loans classified as doubtful or loss and 3.3 million and 3.6 million, respectively, of loans classified as substandard. In addition, there were 462,000, and 3.7 million of loans designated as special mention as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A bank or savings institution s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by Federal bank regulators. While management is responsible for the establishment of the allowance for loan losses and for adjusting such allowance through provisions for loan losses, management may determine, as a result of such regulatory reviews, that an increase or decrease in the allowance or provision for loan losses may be necessary or that loan charge-offs are needed. The Federal banking agencies have adopted an interagency policy statement on the allowance for loan and lease losses. The policy statement provides guidance for financial institutions on both the 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 responsibilities of management for the assessment and establishment of allowances and guidance for banking agency examiners to use in determining the adequacy of general valuation guidelines. Generally, the policy statement recommends that institutions have effective systems and controls to identify, monitor and address asset quality problems; that management analyze all significant factors that affect the collectability of the portfolio in a reasonable manner; and that management establish acceptable allowance evaluation processes that meet the objectives set forth in the policy statement. Management believes, based on information currently available, the allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which covers all known and inherent losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable at each reporting date. However, actual losses are dependent upon future events and, as such, further additions to the level of allowances for loan losses may become necessary. Troubled Debt Restructurings . We occasionally modify loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help a borrower stay current on his or her loan and to avoid foreclosure. We consider modifications only after analyzing the borrower s current repayment capacity, evaluating the strength of any guarantors based on documented current financial information, and assessing the current value of any collateral pledged. We generally do not forgive principal or interest on loans, but may do so if it is in our best interest and increases the likelihood that we can collect the remaining principal balance. We may modify the terms of loans to lower interest rates (which may be at below market rates), to provide for fixed interest rates on loans where fixed rates are otherwise not available, to provide for longer amortization schedules, or to provide for interest-only terms. These modifications are made only when a workout plan has been agreed to by the borrower that we believe is reasonable and attainable and in our best interests. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our loans which were classified as troubled debt restructurings TDRs and were on accrual status and not more than 90 days past due performing TDRs amounted to 783,000 and 1.9 million, respectively. CARES Act. The CARES Act, enacted in March of 2020 in response to the economic disruption brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic, contained many provisions related to banking, lending, mortgage forbearance and taxation. In accordance with the guidance provided by the CARES Act, borrowers who were current prior to becoming affected by COVID-19, that received loan modifications as a result of the pandemic, generally were not reported as past due or categorized as troubled debt restructurings. This relief provided by the CARES Act expired January 1, 2022. Through December 31, 2021, we granted COVID-19 related modifications to 204 loans with principal balances totaling 28.2 million. A majority of deferrals were three-month deferrals of principal payments and a three-month extension of the maturity date. At December 31, 2021, we had no loans under payment deferral arrangements due to COVID-19. Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses. We maintain the allowance at a level believed, to the best of management s knowledge, to cover all known and inherent losses in the portfolio that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at each reporting date. Management reviews the allowance for loan losses at least quarterly to identify those inherent losses and to assess the overall collection probability for the loan portfolio. Our evaluation process includes, among other things, an analysis of delinquency trends, non-performing loan trends, the level of charge-offs and recoveries, prior loss experience, total loans outstanding, the volume of loan originations, the type, size and geographic concentration of our loans, the value of collateral securing the loan, the borrower s ability to repay and repayment performance, the number of loans requiring heightened management oversight, national and local economic conditions and industry experience. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded reversals to the allowance for loan losses of 375,000 and 660,000, respectively. The ratio of our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.35 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1.73 at December 31, 2021. The declines in the allowance for loan losses primarily reflects the reversal of provisions made for estimated loan losses during 2020 associated with our initial assessment of COVID-19 s impact on credit risk. The establishment of the allowance for loan losses is significantly affected by management judgment and uncertainties and there is a likelihood that different amounts would be reported under different conditions or assumptions. Various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. While management is responsible for the establishment of the allowance for loan losses and for adjusting such allowance through provisions for loan losses, management may determine, as a result of such regulatory reviews, that an increase or decrease in the allowance or provision for loan losses may be necessary or that loan charge-offs are needed. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Investment Securities We have authority to invest in various types of securities, including mortgage-backed securities, U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies and of state and municipal governments, certificates of deposit at federally insured banks and savings institutions, and federal funds. Our investment policy is approved by the Board of Directors. The investment policy is designed primarily to manage the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities, to generate a favorable return without incurring undue interest rate and credit risk, to complement our lending activities and to provide and maintain liquidity. The current investment policy generally permits investments in debt securities issued by the U.S. government and U.S. agencies, municipal bonds, and corporate debt obligations, as well as investments in preferred and common stock of government agencies and government sponsored enterprises such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the FHLB of Dallas (federal agency securities). The policy also permits investments in mortgage-backed securities, including pass-through securities issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. At December 31, 2022, our investment securities portfolio totaled 93.1 million, or 35.3 of total assets at such date. The largest component of our investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2022, was pass-through mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae and Freddie Mac, which amounted to 64.2 million, followed by our investment in U.S. government and federal agency obligations, which amounted to 22.9 million at such date. Our investment in municipal obligations at December 31, 2022, was 6.0 million. Ginnie Mae securities are backed by loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. The timely payment of principal and interest on Ginnie Mae securities is guaranteed by Ginnie Mae and backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. Freddie Mac is a private corporation chartered by the U.S. Government. Freddie Mac guarantees the timely payment of interest and the ultimate return of principal on participation certificates. Fannie Mae is a private corporation chartered by the U.S. Congress with a mandate to establish a secondary market for mortgage loans. Fannie Mae guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest on Fannie Mae securities. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government. Investments in mortgage-backed securities involve the risk that actual prepayments will be greater than estimated prepayments over the life of the security, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating to such instruments thereby changing the net yield on such securities. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or in the event such securities are redeemed by the issuer. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. Investment securities are classified at the time of acquisition as available for sale, held to maturity or trading. Securities classified as held to maturity must be purchased with the intent and ability to hold that security until its final maturity, and can be sold prior to maturity only under rare circumstances. Held-to-maturity securities are accounted for based upon the amortized cost of the security. Available-for-sale securities can be sold at any time based upon needs or market conditions. Available-for-sale securities are accounted for at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses on these securities, net of income tax provisions, reflected as accumulated other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2022, we had 79.6 million of investment securities classified as available for sale, 13.5 million of investment securities classified as held to maturity and no securities classified as trading securities. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Funds General. Deposits, loan repayments and prepayments, proceeds from investment sales, calls, maturities and pay-downs, cash flows generated from operations and FHLB advances are the primary sources of our funds for use in lending, investing and for other general purposes. Deposits. We offer a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms. Our deposits consist of checking, both interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing, money market, savings and certificate of deposit accounts. The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in money market rates, prevailing interest rates and competition. Our deposits are obtained predominantly from the areas where our branch offices are located. We have historically relied primarily on customer service and long-standing relationships with customers to attract and retain these deposits; however, market interest rates and rates offered by competing financial institutions significantly affect our ability to attract and retain deposits. The Bank uses traditional means of attracting and retaining deposits, including in-person business development and targeted advertising in our market area. We generally do not solicit deposits from outside our market area. In addition, we solicit deposits from local government municipalities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our municipal deposits totaled 21.0 million and 20.9 million, respectively. Borrowings. We utilize advances from the FHLB as an alternative to retail deposits to fund operations as part of our operating strategy. These FHLB advances are collateralized primarily by certain of our mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities and secondarily by our investment in capital stock of the FHLB. FHLB advances are made pursuant to several different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. The maximum amount that the FHLB will advance to member institutions, including the Bank, fluctuates from time to time in accordance with the policies of the FHLB. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 our outstanding advances from the FHLB totaled 9.2 million and 9.0 million, respectively. At such dates, none of our borrowings were short-term (maturities of one year or less). In December of 2020, 10.0 million of long-term debt was restructured to longer maturities at then lower interest rates. A prepayment penalty for the restructuring of 1.2 million was treated as a discount on the debt and is being amortized as interest expense over the term of the borrowings. Subsidiaries Catalyst Bank, formerly St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Catalyst Bancorp. The Company has no other subsidiaries and the Bank has no subsidiaries. Employees and Human Capital Resources At December 31, 2022, we had 50 full-time equivalent employees. None of such employees are represented by a collective bargaining group, and we believe that our relationship with our employees is excellent. We believe that our ability to attract and retain top quality employees will be key to the Company s future success. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we hired a new President and Chief Executive Officer. Since then, we have made several additional new hires, including but not limited to: a Chief Credit Officer, a Director of Operations, an Acadiana Market President, a Chief Financial Officer and several commercial bankers. We expect to continue to assess our management and staffing needs and are likely to add personnel in the future in order to fully implement our business strategy. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION General As a federal savings association, Catalyst Bank is subject to examination and regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ), and is also subject to examination by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC as deposit insurer. The federal system of regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which Catalyst Bank may engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund, and not for the protection of shareholders. Catalyst Bank also is a member of and owns stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, which is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Under this system of regulation, the regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory, enforcement, rulemaking and examination activities and policies, including rules or policies that: establish minimum capital levels; restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments; govern the classification of assets; provide oversight for the adequacy of loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes; and establish the timing and amounts of assessments and fees. Moreover, as part of their examination authority, the banking regulators assign numerical ratings to banks and savings institutions relating to capital, asset quality, management, liquidity, earnings and other factors. These ratings are inherently subjective and the receipt of a less than satisfactory rating in one or more categories may result in enforcement action by the banking regulators against a financial institution. A less than satisfactory rating may also prevent a financial institution, such as Catalyst Bank or its holding company, Catalyst Bancorp, from obtaining necessary regulatory approvals to access the capital markets, pay dividends, acquire other financial institutions or establish new branches. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and regulations, Community Reinvestment Act laws and regulations, and fair lending laws and regulations. Government agencies have the authority to impose monetary penalties and other sanctions on institutions that fail to comply with these laws and regulations, which could significantly affect our business activities, including our ability to acquire other financial institutions or expand our branch network. As a bank holding company, Catalyst Bancorp is required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board (the FRB ). It is required to file certain reports with the FRB and is subject to examination by and the enforcement authority of the FRB. Catalyst Bancorp also is subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Any change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the OCC, the FDIC, the FRB, the Securities and Exchange Commission or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of Catalyst Bancorp and Catalyst Bank. Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are applicable to Catalyst Bank and Catalyst Bancorp. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Catalyst Bank and Catalyst Bancorp. Federal Banking Regulation Business Activities. A federal savings association derives its lending and investment powers from the Home Owners Loan Act, as amended, and applicable federal regulations. Under these laws and regulations, a federal savings association may generally invest in mortgage loans secured by residential real estate without an aggregate limit, and commercial business, commercial real estate and consumer loans, certain types of debt securities and certain other assets, subject to overall percentage of assets or capital limits. Federal savings associations are also subject to a Qualified Thrift Lender Test, or QTL Test, which generally requires that a specified percentage of overall assets be residential mortgages and related investments. However, these limitations do not apply to Catalyst Bank, as described below. Effective July 1, 2019, the OCC issued a final rule, pursuant to a provision of the Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ), that permits a federal savings association to elect to exercise national bank powers without converting to a national bank charter. The election is available to federal savings associations that had total 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 consolidated assets of 20 billion or less as of December 31, 2017. Catalyst Bank exercised the covered savings association election effective October 16, 2019. A federal savings association that has exercised the covered savings association election generally has the same rights and privileges as a national bank that has its main office in the same location as the home office of the covered savings association. The covered savings association is also subject to the same duties, restrictions, liabilities and limitations applicable to a national bank. A covered savings association retains its federal savings association charter and continues to be subject to the corporate governance laws and regulations applicable to such associations, including as to its bylaws, board of directors and shareholders, capital distributions and mergers. A covered savings association may make loans to its customers without regard to the lending restrictions applicable to federal savings associations, such as the percentage of capital or assets limits on various types of loans and the QTL Test. However, federal savings associations that have made such an election are subject to the narrower authority of national banks in certain areas such as branching and subsidiary activities in certain respects. A covered savings association may generally not retain any assets, subsidiaries or activities not permitted for national banks. Applicable regulations authorize a federal association that has exercised the covered savings association election to terminate the election and thereby again operate as a federal savings association that has not made a covered savings association election. Catalyst Bank has no current plans to terminate its election. Capital Requirements . Federal regulations require federally insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-based assets ratio of 8.0 , and a 4.0 Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, Catalyst Bank s capital exceeded all applicable requirements. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets e.g. , recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk-weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common shareholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In assessing an institution s capital adequacy, the OCC takes into consideration not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. EGRRCPA required the federal banking agencies, including the OCC, to establish a community bank leverage ratio of between 8 and 10 for institutions with assets of less than 10 billion. Institutions with capital complying with the ratio and otherwise meeting the specified requirements and electing the alternative framework are considered to comply with the applicable regulatory capital requirements, including the risk-based requirements. A qualifying institution may opt in and out of the community bank leverage ratio framework on its quarterly call report. Catalyst Bank has not elected to utilize the community bank leverage ratio. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 CARES Act and CAA, 2021. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress, through the enactment of the CARES Act, and the federal banking agencies, though rulemaking, interpretive guidance and modifications to agency policies and procedures, took a series of actions to provide national emergency economic relief measures including, among others, the following: The CARES Act allowed banks to elect to suspend requirements under GAAP for loan modifications related to the COVID-19 pandemic (for loans that were not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019) that would otherwise be categorized as a TDR, including impairment for accounting purposes. The suspension of GAAP was applicable for the entire term of the modification. The federal banking agencies also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19 by providing that short-term modifications made in response to COVID-19, such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or other delays in payment that are insignificant related to the loans in which the borrower is less than 30 days past due on its contractual payments at the time a modification is implemented is not a TDR. This relief provided under the CARES Act expired January 1, 2022, and at December 31, 2021, Catalyst Bank had no loans under deferral or extension agreements due to COVID-19. The CARES Act amended the SBA s loan program to create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the PPP, to fund payroll and operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during the COVID-19 pandemic. The loans were provided through participating financial institutions, such as Catalyst Bank, that processed loan applications and serviced the loans and were eligible for SBA repayment and loan forgiveness if the borrower met the PPP conditions. The application period for a SBA PPP loan closed on August 8, 2020. The SBA began approving PPP forgiveness applications and remitting forgiveness payments to PPP lenders on October 2, 2020. The PPP was extended through June 30, 2021 for applications submitted by May 31, 2021. Catalyst Bank funded 240 SBA PPP loans totaling 8.5 million in aggregate. At December 31, 2021 the unpaid principal balance of our PPP loans totaled 2.8 million. During 2022, all of our outstanding PPP loans were fully repaid. 
 Loans-to-One Borrower. Generally, a federal savings association, including a covered savings association, may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of 15 of unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be loaned, equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus, if the excess is secured by readily marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. At December 31, 2022, Catalyst Bank was in compliance with the loans-to-one borrower limitations. Capital Distributions. Federal regulations govern capital distributions by a federal savings association, which include cash dividends, stock repurchases and other transactions charged to the savings association s capital account. A federal savings association must file an application with the OCC for approval of a capital distribution if: the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of the savings association s net income for that year to date plus the savings association s retained net income for the preceding two years; the savings association would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution; the distribution would violate any applicable statute, regulation, agreement or regulatory condition; or the savings association is not eligible for expedited treatment of its filings, generally due to an unsatisfactory CAMELS rating or being subject to a cease and desist order or formal written agreement that requires action to improve the institution s financial condition. 
 An application related to a capital distribution may be disapproved if: the federal savings association would be undercapitalized following the distribution; the proposed capital distribution raises safety and soundness concerns; or the capital distribution would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation or agreement. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act generally provides that an insured depository institution may not make any capital distribution if, after making such distribution, the institution would fail to meet any applicable regulatory capital requirement. A federal savings association also may not make a capital distribution that would reduce its regulatory capital below the amount required for the liquidation account established in connection with its conversion to stock form. Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws. All insured depository institutions have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA and related regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income borrowers. The OCC is required to assess the federal savings association s record of compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. A savings association s failure to comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could, at a minimum, result in denial of certain corporate applications such as branches or mergers, or in restrictions on its activities. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices. The failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions by the OCC, as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. On December 14, 2021, the OCC issued a final rule to rescind its June 2020 CRA rule and replace it with a rule based on the rules adopted jointly by the federal banking agencies in 1995, as amended. The final rule aligns the OCC s CRA rule with the rules of the Federal Reserve and FDIC and thereby, according to the OCC, facilitates the ongoing interagency work to modernize the CRA framework and create consistency for all insured depository institutions. On May 5, 2022, the OCC, in conjunction with the other federal banking regulatory agencies, issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking to strengthen and modernize the CRA regulatory framework. The agencies stated goal of the joint proposal is to update CRA regulations to strengthen the achievement of the statute s purpose; adapt to changes in the banking industry, including the expanded role of mobile and online banking; provide greater clarity and consistency in the application of the regulations; tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size and business models and local conditions; tailor data collection and reporting requirements and use existing data whenever possible; promote transparency and public engagement; confirm that CRA and fair lending responsibilities are mutually reinforcing; and create a consistent regulatory approach that applies to banks regulated by all three agencies. Until the agencies announce a final rule, it is unclear to what extent the rulemaking will create an additional compliance burden on Catalyst Bank, and otherwise affect its lending, investment, retail branching, and other activities. The Community Reinvestment Act requires all institutions insured by the FDIC to publicly disclose their rating. Catalyst Bank received an outstanding Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most recent federal examination. Transactions with Related Parties. An insured depository institution s authority to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and federal regulation. An affiliate is generally a company that controls, or is under common control with, an insured depository institution such as Catalyst Bank. Catalyst Bancorp is an affiliate of Catalyst Bank because of its control of Catalyst Bank. In general, transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates are subject to certain quantitative limits and collateral requirements. Finally, transactions with affiliates must be consistent with safe and sound banking practices, not involve the purchase of low-quality assets and be on terms that are as favorable to the institution as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. Catalyst Bank s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the FRB. Among other things, these provisions generally require that extensions of credit to insiders: be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of Catalyst Bank s capital. 
 In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by Catalyst Bank s Board of Directors. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional limits based on the type of extension involved. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Enforcement. The OCC has primary enforcement responsibility over federal savings associations and has authority to bring enforcement action against all institution-affiliated parties, including directors, officers, shareholders, attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful action likely to have an adverse effect on a federal savings association. Formal enforcement action by the OCC may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors of the institution and the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and actions, and range up to 25,000 per day, unless a finding of reckless disregard is made, in which case penalties may be as high as 1 million per day. The FDIC also has the authority to terminate deposit insurance or recommend to the OCC that enforcement action be taken with respect to a particular federal savings association. If such action is not taken, the FDIC has authority to take the action under specified circumstances. Standards for Safety and Soundness. Federal law requires each federal banking agency to prescribe certain standards for all insured depository institutions. These standards relate to, among other things, internal controls, information systems and audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation and other operational and managerial standards as the agency deems appropriate. Interagency guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If an institution fails to meet these standards, the appropriate federal banking agency may require the institution to implement an acceptable compliance plan. Failure to implement such a plan can result in further enforcement action, including the issuance of a cease and desist order or the imposition of civil money penalties. Branching. A federal savings association that has elected covered savings association status is subject to the laws and regulations governing the establishment of branches by national banks. Generally, intrastate and interstate branching is authorized to the extent that the law of the state involved authorizes branching for banks that it charters. Such authority is subject to OCC approval for new branches. Prompt Corrective Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulators take prompt corrective action with respect to institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For this purpose, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Under applicable regulations, an institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . At each successive lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, restrictions or prohibitions on the payment of dividends, and restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if an insured depository institution is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency, and the holding company must guarantee the performance of that plan. Based upon its capital levels, a bank that is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. An undercapitalized bank s compliance with a capital restoration plan is required to be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5.0 of the institution s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an undercapitalized bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 undercapitalized banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including a regulatory order to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, ceasing receipt of deposits from correspondent banks, dismissal of directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. Critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. The previously referenced final rule establishing an elective community bank leverage ratio regulatory capital framework provides that a qualifying institution whose capital exceeds the community bank leverage ratio and opts to use that framework will be considered well-capitalized for purposes of prompt corrective action. At December 31, 2022, Catalyst Bank met the criteria for being considered well capitalized. Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF of the FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured financial institutions such as Catalyst Bank, generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per separately insured depositor. The FDIC charges insured depository institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund. Under the FDIC s risk-based assessment system, institutions deemed less risky of failure pay lower assessments. Assessments for institutions of less than 10 billion of assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical modeling estimating the probability of an institution s failure within three years. The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. Extraordinary growth in insured deposits during the first and second quarters of 2020 caused the DIF reserve ratio to decline below the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent as of June 30, 2020. As a result, the FDIC proposed an increase in initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, applicable to all insured depository institutions. In October 2022, the FDIC Board finalized the increase with an effective date of January 1, 2023, applicable to the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The revised assessment rate schedules are intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the DIF reaches the statutory minimum level of 1.35 percent by September 30, 2028. Any significant increases would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Catalyst Bank. We cannot predict what assessment rates will be in the future. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. Privacy Regulations. Federal regulations generally require that Catalyst Bank disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, Catalyst Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Catalyst Bank currently has a privacy protection policy in place and believes that such policy is in compliance with the regulations. USA PATRIOT Act. Catalyst Bank is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gives federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act contains provisions intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies and imposes affirmative obligations on financial institutions, such as enhanced recordkeeping and customer identification requirements. Prohibitions Against Tying Arrangements . Federal savings associations are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Other Regulations Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Catalyst Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; and Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 
 The deposit operations of Catalyst Bank also are subject to, among others, the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System Catalyst Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions, and such member institutions are required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank. Catalyst Bank is required to own stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas in specified amounts and was in compliance with this requirement at December 31, 2022 based on its ownership of 1.4 million in capital stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas. Since the stock has no quoted market value, it is carried at cost and assessed for impairment. At December 31, 2022, no impairment on our stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas had been recognized. Holding Company Regulation Catalyst Bancorp is a bank holding company subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The FRB has enforcement authority over Catalyst Bancorp and its non-savings institution subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the FRB to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a risk to Catalyst Bank. The FRB has promulgated regulations implementing the source of strength doctrine that require bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress. Catalyst Bancorp is required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior FRB approval is required for Catalyst Bancorp to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5 of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. The FRB has adopted a final rule, effective September 30, 2020, that revises its framework for determining whether a company, under 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 the Bank Holding Company Act, has a controlling influence over a bank or bank holding company. In addition to the approval of the FRB, prior approval may also be necessary from other agencies having supervisory jurisdiction over the bank to be acquired before any bank acquisition can be completed. A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in non-banking activities, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the FRB has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association whose direct and indirect activities are limited to those permitted for bank holding companies. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorized a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being well capitalized and well managed, to opt to become a financial holding company and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. Catalyst Bancorp is subject to the FRB s capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies (on a consolidated basis) which have historically been similar to, though less stringent than, those required of banks and savings associations. The Dodd-Frank Act, however, required the FRB to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to institutions themselves. Consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary banks apply to bank holding companies; as is the case with institutions themselves, the capital conservation buffer was phased in between 2016 and 2019. However, the FRB has provided a small bank holding company exception to its consolidated capital requirements, and legislation and the related issuance of regulations by the FRB has increased the threshold for the exception to 3.0 billion. As a result, Catalyst Bancorp is not subject to the capital requirement until such time as its consolidated assets exceed 3.0 billion. A bank holding company is generally required to give the FRB prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The FRB may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, FRB order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FRB. There is an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. The FRB has issued supervisory policies regarding the payment of dividends and the repurchase of shares of common stock by bank holding companies. In general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Regulatory guidance provides for prior regulatory consultation with respect to capital distributions in certain circumstances such as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of capital distributions previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company s overall rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. The policy statement also states that a holding company should inform the FRB supervisory staff before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock if the holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or if the repurchase or redemption would result in a net reduction, at the end of a quarter, in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. These regulatory policies may affect the ability of Catalyst Bancorp to pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Change in Control Regulations Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person may acquire control of a bank holding company, such as Catalyst Bancorp, unless the FRB has been given 60 days prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive effects of the acquisition. Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable proxies representing more than 25 of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the institution s directors, or a determination by the regulator that the acquirer has the power, directly or indirectly, to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of the institution. There is a presumption of control upon the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock if the holding company involved has its shares registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or, if the holding company involved does not have its shares registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, if no other persons will own, control or hold the power to vote a greater percentage of that class of voting security after the acquisition. Federal Securities Laws Catalyst Bancorp common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Catalyst Bancorp is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. Emerging Growth Company Status Catalyst Bancorp is an emerging growth company. For as long as Catalyst Bancorp continues to be an emerging growth company, it may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth company, Catalyst Bancorp also is not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which would require that our independent auditors review and attest as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We have elected to use the extended transition period to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Such an election is irrevocable during the period a company is an emerging growth company. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Catalyst Bancorp will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Conversion and offering; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion (adjusted for inflation) or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million at the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 TAXATION Federal Taxation General. Catalyst Bancorp and Catalyst Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations with some exceptions listed below. The following discussion of federal and state income taxation is only intended to summarize certain pertinent income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the applicable tax rules. Our tax returns have not been audited during the past five years. Method of Accounting. For federal income tax purposes, Catalyst Bancorp reports income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting. Bad Debt Reserves. The Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996 eliminated the use of the reserve method of accounting for bad debt reserves by savings associations, effective for taxable years beginning after 1995. Prior to that time, Catalyst Bank was permitted to establish a reserve for bad debts and to make additions to the reserve. These additions could, within specified formula limits, be deducted in arriving at taxable income. As a result of the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, savings associations must use the experience method in computing their bad debt deduction beginning with their 1996 federal tax return. In addition, federal legislation required the recapture over a six year period of the excess of tax bad debt reserves at December 31, 1995 over those established as of December 31, 1987. Taxable Distributions and Recapture. Prior to the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, bad debt reserves created prior to January 1, 1988 were subject to recapture into taxable income if the Bank failed to meet certain thrift asset and definitional tests. New federal legislation eliminated these savings association related recapture rules. However, under current law, pre-1988 reserves remain subject to recapture should the Bank make certain non-dividend distributions or cease to maintain a bank charter. At December 31, 2022, the total federal pre-1988 reserve was approximately 1.9 million. The reserve reflects the cumulative effects of federal tax deductions by the Bank for which no federal income tax provisions have been made. State and Local Taxation Catalyst Bancorp is subject to the Louisiana Corporation Income Tax based on our Louisiana taxable income and Louisiana Corporation Franchise Tax based on the Company s capital not attributable to the Bank. The Corporation Income Tax applies at graduated rates from 3.5 upon the first 50,000 of Louisiana taxable income to 7.5 on all Louisiana taxable income in excess of 150,000. For these purposes, Louisiana taxable income means net income which is earned by us within or derived from sources within the State of Louisiana, after adjustments permitted under Louisiana law, including a federal income tax deduction. The Corporation Franchise Tax rate is equivalent to 1.50 for each 1,000 up to 300,000 of capital employed in Louisiana, and 3 for each 1,000 in excess of 300,000 of capital employed in Louisiana. For years beginning on or after January 1, 2023, the rate is 2.75 for each 1,000 in excess of 300,000 of capital employed in Louisiana. In addition, the Bank is subject to the Louisiana Shares Tax which is imposed on the assessed value of a company s stock. The formula for deriving the assessed value is to calculate 15 of the sum of: (a) 20 of our capitalized earnings, plus (b) 80 of our taxable shareholders equity, minus (c) 50 of our real and personal property assessment. 
 There are certain limitations in place that reduce to the amount of our shareholders equity subject to Louisiana Shares Tax and various items may also be subtracted in calculating a company s capitalized earnings. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties We currently conduct business from our main office and five full-service banking offices. The aggregate net book value of the land, building and leasehold improvements with respect to our offices at December 31, 2022 was 5.7 million. We owned all of such offices at December 31, 2022; none were leased. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our present and foreseeable needs, other than routine and customary repair and maintenance needs. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Catalyst Bancorp and Catalyst Bank, formerly St. Landry Homestead, are not involved in any pending legal proceedings other than nonmaterial legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Catalyst Bancorp s common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CLST. The common stock was issued at a price of 10.00 per share in connection with the Bank s mutual to stock Conversion and the initial public offering of the Company s common stock. The common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on October 13, 2021. As of the close of business on December 31, 2022, there were 5,290,000 shares of common stock outstanding, held by approximately 264 shareholders of record, not including the number of persons or entities whose stock is held in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms and banks.
 
 The following table sets forth the high and low prices of the Company s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market. To date, no dividends have been declared by the Company on its common stock. 

For the Quarter Ended High Low Cash Dividends Declared December 31, 2021 14.09 13.31 - March 31, 2022 14.00 13.46 - June 30, 2022 13.88 12.03 - September 30, 2022 13.60 12.20 - December 31, 2022 13.40 12.35 - (b) Not applicable. (c) On May 17, 2022, shareholders of the Company approved the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement (the 2022 RRP ), authorizing the purchase of 211,600 shares of the Company s common stock, or 4.0 of the shares sold in the Conversion offering. The Company s purchases of its common stock made during the fourth quarter of 2022 consisted of stock repurchases to fund the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement, which is an affiliate of the Company.

For the Month Ended Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Plans or Programs October 31, 2022 102,042 13.13 102,042 109,558 November 30, 2022 61,928 12.84 61,928 47,630 December 31, 2022 15,838 12.92 15,838 31,792 Total 179,808 13.01 179,808 At December 31, 2022, there were 31,792 shares left to be purchased under the 2022 RRP. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company completed repurchases of 31,792 additional shares of common stock to fund the 2022 RRP and commenced repurchases under its 2023 Repurchase Plan, which was announced on January 26, 2023. Under the 2023 Repurchase Plan, the Company may purchase up to 265,000 shares, or approximately 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock. Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This discussion and analysis reflects our financial statements and other relevant statistical data, and is intended to enhance your understanding of the financial condition and results of operations of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. (the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Catalyst Bank (the Bank ), formerly known as St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank St. Landry Homestead ). The information in this section has been derived from the audited financial statements, which appear in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information in this section should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included herein in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and the description of our business included herein in Item 1. Business . Overview Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. was incorporated by St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank in February 2021 as part of the conversion of St. Landry Homestead from the mutual to the stock form of organization (the Conversion ). The Conversion was completed on October 12, 2021, at which time the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of St. Landry Homestead, which became the wholly owned subsidiary of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. In June 2022, St. Landry Homestead changed its name to Catalyst Bank. Founded in 1922, the Bank is a community-oriented savings bank serving the banking needs of customers in the Acadiana region of south-central Louisiana. We are headquartered in Opelousas, Louisiana and serve our customers through six full-service branches located in Carencro, Eunice, Lafayette, Opelousas, and Port Barre. Our primary business consists of attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds together with funds we borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Dallas and other sources to originate loans to our customers and invest in securities. At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 263.3 million, including total loans of 133.6 million and total investment securities of 93.1 million, total deposits of 165.1 million and total shareholders equity of 88.5 million. We had net income of 180,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received and recognized into income a 1.8 million grant from the Community Development Financial Institution CDFI Rapid Response Program. Historically, we operated as a traditional thrift relying on long-term, single-family residential mortgage loans secured by properties located primarily in St. Landry Parish and adjoining areas to generate interest income. We have re-focused our business strategy to a relationship-based community bank model. The Conversion and offering were important factors in our efforts to become a more dynamic, profitable and growing institution. Our results of operations depend, to a large extent, on net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on our loan and investment portfolios and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Our net interest income is largely determined by our net interest spread, which is the difference between the average yield earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Results of operations are also affected by our provisions for loan losses, fee income and other non-interest income and non-interest expense. Non-interest expense principally consists of compensation, office occupancy and equipment expense, data processing, advertising and business promotion and other expense. Our results of operations are also significantly affected by general economic and competitive conditions, particularly changes in interest rates, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Future changes in applicable law, regulations or government policies may materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Business Strategy Our business strategy is focused on embracing a relationship-oriented community bank model targeting small- to mid-sized businesses and business professionals in our market areas while continuing to serve our traditional customer base. Highlights of our business strategy, which is designed to facilitate our ability to operate and grow as a profitable community-based banking institution, include the following: Growing the loan portfolio with greater diversification . Historically, our primary lending focus was the origination of one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. We have increased our commercial lending activities and, we are focused on building full-service banking relationships with small- to mid-sized businesses and business professionals in our market area. We believe that increased commercial lending offers an opportunity to enhance our profitability and our growth prospects. Grow our franchise organically through enhanced banking products and services . We have implemented a strategy of prudent growth. We believe we have an opportunity to grow organically by focusing on building relationships with small- to mid-sized businesses and business professionals in our market area and by enhancing the products and services we offer. We will continue to enhance our staff capacity through training and hiring of new employees as needed to facilitate our growth. In addition, we continue to review our technology and infrastructure and will implement new and enhanced technology tools and on-line services preferred by many of our existing and prospective customers. Recruiting and retaining top talent and personnel . Since August 2020, the Company has made several personnel changes and additional new hires, including but not limited to: a new President and CEO, a Chief Credit Officer, a Director of Operations, an Acadiana Market President, a Chief Financial Officer and several commercial bankers. Recruiting and retaining talented individuals to guide us through the implementation of our business strategy is critical to our success. Our mutual-to-stock Conversion was a key contributor to our ability to attract and retain talent. In September 2022, the Company issued its initial grants under the Company s 2022 Stock Option Plan and 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement. Expand our franchise through possible acquisition of other financial institutions. We believe there will be opportunities to utilize our strong capital position for expansion through acquisitions of other financial institutions in our current market area and adjoining markets in south Louisiana. Rebranding our banking franchise. St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank completed its re-branding and changed its name to Catalyst Bank in June 2022. In addition to a new name, our re-branding efforts included new marketing campaigns, updated on-line and website materials and new signage and logos to capture and reflect the mission of the bank. Manage credit risk to reduce our level of non-performing assets. We believe that strong asset quality is a key to long-term financial success. Our strategy for credit risk management focuses on an experienced team of credit professionals, well-defined credit policies and procedures, appropriate loan underwriting criteria and active credit monitoring. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Estimates In reviewing and understanding financial information for the Company, you are encouraged to read and understand the significant accounting policies used in preparing our financial statements. These policies are described in Note 1 of the notes to our financial statements. Our accounting and financial reporting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and to general practices within the banking industry. Accordingly, the financial statements require certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions, which are believed to be reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the periods presented. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an emerging growth company we may delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We have taken advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. The following accounting policies comprise those that management believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These policies require numerous estimates or economic assumptions that may prove inaccurate or may be subject to variations which may significantly affect our reported results and financial condition for the period or in future periods. Allowance for Loan Losses. We have identified the evaluation of the allowance for loan losses as a critical accounting policy where amounts are sensitive to material variation. The allowance for loan losses represents management s estimate for probable losses that are inherent in our loan portfolio but which have not yet been realized as of the date of our balance sheet. It is established through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings. Loans, or portions of loans, are charged off against the allowance in the period that such loans, or portions thereof, are deemed uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries are added to the allowance. The allowance is an amount that management believes will cover probable and reasonably estimable losses in the loan portfolio based on evaluations of the collectability of loans. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the types and amount of loans in the loan portfolio, historical loss experience, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, estimated losses relating to specifically identified loans, and current economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates including, among others, exposure at default, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impacted loans, value of collateral, estimated losses on our commercial and residential loan portfolios and general amounts for historical loss experience. All of these estimates may be susceptible to significant changes as more information becomes available. The allowance for loans losses totaled 1.8 million, or 1.35 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 and 2.3 million, or 1.72 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the allowance for loan losses largely reflects the reversal of certain provisions made for estimated loan losses during 2020 associated with our initial assessment of COVID-19 s impact on credit risk. While management uses the best information available to make loan loss allowance evaluations, adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in economic and other conditions or changes in accounting guidance. In addition, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency as an integral part of their examination processes periodically reviews our allowance for loan losses. While management is responsible for the establishment of the allowance for loan losses and for adjusting such allowance through provisions for loan losses, management may determine, as a result of such regulatory reviews, that an increase or decrease in the allowance or provision for loan losses may be necessary or that loan charge-offs are needed. To the extent that actual outcomes differ from management s estimates, additional provisions to the allowance for loan losses may be required that would adversely impact earnings in future periods. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Investment Securities. Available-for-sale securities consist of investment securities not classified as trading securities or held-to-maturity securities. Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value and unrealized holding gains and losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale securities are included in other comprehensive income. The fair market values of investment securities are obtained from a third party service provider, whose prices are based on a combination of observed market prices for identical or similar instruments and various matrix pricing programs. The fair market values of investment securities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least quarterly, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. The term other-than-temporary is not intended to indicate a permanent decline in value. Rather, it means that the prospects for near term recovery of value are not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support fair values equal to, or greater than, the carrying value of the investment. Declines in the estimated fair value of individual investment securities below their cost that are considered other-than-temporary are recognized as realized losses in the statement of income. Factors affecting the determination of whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred include, among other things, (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (3) that the Company does not intend to sell these securities, and (4) it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell before a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale securities are included in other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities totaled 11.5 million and 864,000, respectively. The increase in unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities relates principally to the increases in market rates of similar types of securities. No declines in fair value of available-for-sale securities were deemed to be other-than-temporary. Income Taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is determined based on the tax effects of the temporary differences between the book and tax bases of the various assets and liabilities and gives current recognition to changes in tax rates and laws. Realizing our deferred tax assets principally depends upon our achieving projected future taxable income. We may change our judgments regarding future profitability due to future market conditions and other factors. We may adjust our deferred tax asset balances if our judgments change. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Financial and Other Data Set forth below is selected financial and other data of the Company at and for the dates indicated. The following is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the business and financial information regarding the Company included elsewhere herein, including the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information at and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is derived from the audited financial statements that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

At December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Selected Financial Condition Data: Total assets 263,324 285,610 Cash and cash equivalents 13,472 40,884 Investment securities: Available for sale 79,602 88,339 Held to maturity 13,475 13,498 Loans receivable, net of unearned income 133,607 132,103 Allowance for loan losses 1,807 2,276 Total deposits 165,094 176,795 FHLB advances 9,198 9,018 Shareholders equity 88,474 98,553 

Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Selected Operating Data: Total interest income 8,014 7,699 Total interest expense 683 795 Net interest income 7,331 6,904 Provision for (reversal of) loan losses (375) (660) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) loan losses 7,706 7,564 Total non-interest income 1,173 2,626 Total non-interest expense 8,720 7,791 Income (loss) before income taxes 159 2,399 Income tax expense (benefit) (21) 484 Net income 180 1,915 Selected Performance Ratios: (1) Average yield on interest-earning assets 3.00 3.24 Average rate on interest-bearing liabilities 0.44 0.51 Average interest rate spread (2) 2.56 2.73 Net interest margin (2) 2.75 2.91 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 170.73 152.50 Net interest income after provision for loan losses to non-interest expense 88.37 97.09 Total non-interest expense to average assets 3.08 3.08 Efficiency ratio (3) 102.55 81.76 Return on average assets (ratio of net income to average total assets) 0.06 0.76 Return on average equity (ratio of net income to average total equity) 0.19 3.11 
 29 

Table of Contents 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Asset Quality Ratios: (4) Non-accrual loans as a percent of total loans outstanding 1.12 0.67 Non-performing assets as a percent of total assets (5) 0.76 0.43 Non-performing assets and troubled debt restructurings as a percent of total assets (5) 1.06 1.09 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans outstanding 1.35 1.72 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of non-performing loans 107.24 255.44 Net charge-offs to average loans receivable 0.07 0.06 Capital Ratios: (6) Common equity Tier 1 capital 56.17 63.51 Tier 1 leverage capital 30.37 27.38 Tier 1 risk-based capital 56.17 63.51 Total risk-based capital 57.42 64.77 Average equity to average assets 32.90 24.34 Other Data: Banking offices 6 6 Full-time equivalent employees 50 56 

 (1) With the exception of end of period ratios, all ratios are based on average daily balances during the indicated periods. (2) Average interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities, and net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. (3) The efficiency ratio represents the ratio of non-interest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income. (4) Asset quality ratios are end of period ratios, except for net charge-offs to average loans receivable. (5) Non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans and foreclosed assets. Non-performing loans consist of all non-accruing loans and loans 90 days or more past due. Foreclosed assets consist of real estate acquired through foreclosure or real estate acquired by acceptance of a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. (6) Capital ratios are end of period ratios for the Bank only. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Total Assets. Total assets were 263.3 million at December 31, 2022, down 22.3 million, or 7.8 , from 285.6 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease resulted primarily from a 27.4 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents, which was largely driven by an 11.7 million decline in deposits and the utilization of 10.0 million for purchases of bank-owned life insurance during 2022. Loans . Total loans grew by 1.5 million, or 1.1 , to 133.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 132.1 million at December 31, 2021. Commercial and industrial and construction and land loan growth was partially offset by net declines across the other segments of the portfolio. The increase in the commercial and industrial loan portfolio was primarily driven by direct loans to small and mid-sized businesses involved in a variety of industries in our market area, including industrial manufacturing and equipment, communications, and professional services. All SBA PPP loans were fully paid off during 2022. The total unpaid principal balance of PPP loans, included in commercial and industrial loans, amounted to 2.8 million at December 31, 2021. During 2022, the Company purchased participation interests in two commercial real estate development loans. At December 31, 2022, the aggregate balance of our interests in these participations totaled 1.2 million, which is included in construction and land loans. The following table shows the composition of our loan portfolio by type of loan at the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount Change Real estate loans One- to four-family residential 87,508 65.5 87,564 66.3 (56) (0.1) Commercial real estate 19,437 14.5 23,112 17.5 (3,675) (15.9) Construction and land 6,172 4.6 4,079 3.1 2,093 51.3 Multi-family residential 3,200 2.4 4,589 3.5 (1,389) (30.3) Total real estate loans 116,317 87.0 119,344 90.4 (3,027) (2.5) Other loans Commercial and industrial 13,843 10.4 8,374 6.3 5,469 65.3 Consumer 3,447 2.6 4,385 3.3 (938) (21.4) Total other loans 17,290 13.0 12,759 9.6 4,531 35.5 Total loans 133,607 100.0 132,103 100.0 1,504 1.1 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the scheduled contractual maturities of our loans as of December 31, 2022. Demand loans, loans having no stated schedule of repayments and no stated maturity, and overdrafts are reported as due in one year or less. The amounts shown below do not take into account loan prepayments. 

Amounts due after December 31, 2022 in (Dollars in thousands) One year or less After one year through five years After five years through 15 years After 15 years Total One- to four-family residential 1,126 4,067 33,910 48,405 87,508 Commercial real estate 782 5,751 8,896 4,008 19,437 Construction and land 1,997 3,308 766 101 6,172 Multi-family residential - 797 2,403 - 3,200 Commercial and industrial 4,316 7,628 1,666 233 13,843 Consumer 220 1,901 1,139 187 3,447 Total 8,441 23,452 48,780 52,934 133,607 The following table shows the dollar amount of our loans at December 31, 2022, due after December 31, 2023, as shown in the preceding table, which have fixed interest rates or which have floating or adjustable interest rates. 

(Dollars in thousands) Fixed-Rate Floating or Adjustable-Rate Total Amounts due after December 31, 2023 One- to four-family residential 28,241 58,141 86,382 Commercial real estate 6,180 12,475 18,655 Construction and land 937 3,238 4,175 Multi-family residential 317 2,883 3,200 Commercial and industrial 6,561 2,966 9,527 Consumer 1,569 1,658 3,227 Total 43,805 81,361 125,166 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Non-performing Assets . The following table shows the amounts of our non-performing assets, which include non-accruing loans, accruing loans 90 days or more past due and foreclosed assets at the dates indicated, and our performing TDRs. The increase in non-performing assets from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, was primarily driven by an increase in our non-accruing one- to four-family residential loans. A decline in government stimulus and persistent inflation during 2022 impacted our residential borrowers. 

At December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Non-accruing loans One- to four-family residential 1,392 791 Commercial real estate 51 - Construction and land 51 68 Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial - 18 Consumer - 13 Total non-accruing loans 1,494 890 Accruing loans 90 days or more past due One- to four-family residential 191 - Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial - - Consumer - 1 Total accruing loans 90 days or more past due 191 1 Total non-performing loans 1,685 891 Foreclosed assets 320 340 Total non-performing assets 2,005 1,231 Performing troubled debt restructurings 783 1,873 Total non-performing assets and performing TDRs 2,788 3,104 Total loans 133,607 132,103 Total assets 263,324 285,610 Total non-accruing loans as a percentage of total loans 1.12 0.67 Total non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans 1.26 0.67 Total non-performing loans as a percentage of total assets 0.64 0.31 Total non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 0.76 0.43 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for Loan Losses . The allowance for loan losses totaled 1.8 million, or 1.35 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 and 2.3 million, or 1.72 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. The decline in the allowance for loan losses primarily reflects the reversal of provisions made for estimated loan losses during 2020 associated with our initial assessment of COVID-19 s impact on credit risk. The Company recorded a reversal to the allowance for loan losses of 375,000 and 660,000 through earnings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table shows changes in our allowance for loan losses and other related data for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Allowance for loan losses, beginning of period 2,276 3,022 Provision for (reversal of) loan losses (375) (660) Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries: One- to four-family residential (69) (69) Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial 1 - Consumer (26) (17) Total net charge-offs (94) (86) Allowance for loan losses, end of period 1,807 2,276 Total loans at end of period 133,607 132,103 Total non-accrual loans at end of period 1,494 890 Total non-performing loans at end of period 1,685 891 Total average loans 132,503 141,860 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of: Total loans 1.35 1.72 Non-accrual loans 120.95 255.73 Non-performing loans 107.24 255.44 Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percent of average loans by portfolio: One- to four-family residential (0.08) (0.07) Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial 0.01 - Consumer (0.66) (0.37) Total average loans (0.07) (0.06) 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows how our allowance for loan losses is allocated by type of loan at each of the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Allowance Percent of Allowance to Total Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans Amount of Allowance Percent of Allowance to Total Allowance Percent of Loans in Category to Total Loans One-to four-family residential 1,224 67.7 65.5 1,573 69.1 66.3 Commercial real estate 248 13.7 14.5 370 16.3 17.5 Construction and land 74 4.1 4.6 55 2.4 3.1 Multi-family residential 40 2.2 2.4 73 3.2 3.5 Commercial and industrial 175 9.7 10.4 137 6.0 6.3 Consumer 46 2.6 2.6 68 3.0 3.3 Total 1,807 100.0 100.0 2,276 100.0 100.0 Investment Securities . Total investment securities, available-for-sale and held-to-maturity, amounted to 93.1 million at December 31, 2022, down 8.8 million, or 8.6 , from 101.8 million at December 31, 2021. Based on amortized cost, 87.1 and 86.9 of our total investment securities were classified as available-for-sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net unrealized losses on securities available-for-sale totaled 11.5 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 864,000 at December 31, 2021. T he increase in unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities related principally to increases in market interest rates for similar securities. Our investment securities portfolio consists primarily of debt obligations issued by the U.S. government and government agencies and government sponsored mortgage-backed securities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, purchases of 13.2 million of investment securities exceeded 10.9 million of maturities, calls and principal repayments. The following table sets forth the composition of our securities portfolio as of the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost of Total Fair Value Amortized Cost of Total Fair Value Securities available-for-sale Mortgage-backed securities 74,044 70.8 64,167 75,374 73.4 74,663 U.S. Government and agency obligations 10,979 10.5 9,917 9,347 9.1 9,237 Municipal obligations 6,065 5.8 5,518 4,482 4.4 4,439 Total securities available-for-sale 91,088 87.1 79,602 89,203 86.9 88,339 Securities held-to-maturity U.S. Government and agency obligations 13,006 12.4 10,288 13,019 12.7 12,667 Municipal obligations 469 0.5 436 479 0.4 485 Total securities held to maturity 13,475 12.9 10,724 13,498 13.1 13,152 Total investment securities 104,563 100.0 90,326 102,701 100.0 101,491 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents the amortized cost of our total investment securities portfolio that matures during each of the periods indicated and the weighted average yields for each range of maturities at December 31, 2022. 

Contractual Maturity as of December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) One Year or Less After One Through Five Years After Five Through Ten Years Over Ten Years Total Total investment securities Mortgage-backed securities - 2,434 12,706 58,904 74,044 U.S. Government and agency obligations 1,000 9,979 9,000 4,006 23,985 Municipal obligations - 1,426 2,558 2,550 6,534 Total 1,000 13,839 24,264 65,460 104,563 Weighted average yield Mortgage-backed securities - 1.98 2.22 1.59 1.71 U.S. Government and agency obligations 0.50 1.08 1.26 2.13 1.30 Municipal obligations - 0.83 2.92 1.35 1.85 Total weighted average yield - 1.21 1.94 1.62 1.63 Securities are classified according to their contractual maturities without consideration of principal amortization, potential prepayments, or call options. The expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because of the exercise of call options and potential paydowns. Accordingly, actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities. Weighted average yields are calculated by dividing the estimated annual income divided by the average amortized cost of the applicable securities. The following table sets forth the dollar value of our investment securities which have fixed interest rates or which have floating or adjustable interest rates at each of the dates indicated . 

December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Fixed-rate Available-for-sale 79,552 88,281 Held-to-maturity 13,475 13,498 Total fixed-rate 93,027 101,779 Adjustable-rate Available-for-sale 50 58 Held-to-maturity - - Total adjustable-rate 50 58 Total investment securities 93,077 101,837 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Deposits . Total deposits were 165.1 million at December 31, 2022, down 11.7 million, or 6.6 , compared to December 31, 2021. The decline was primarily driven by a 14.1 million decline in certificates of deposit, partially offset by increases in non-interest-bearing and NOW account balances. Certificates of deposits as a percent of total deposits fell to 31.8 at December 31, 2022, down from 37.7 of total deposits at December 31, 2021. Total loans as a percent of total deposits were 80.9 and 74.7 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The following table presents total deposits by account type for the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount Change Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 33,657 20.4 30,299 17.1 3,358 11.1 Negotiable order of withdrawal NOW 36,991 22.4 34,357 19.4 2,634 7.7 Money market 15,734 9.5 18,878 10.7 (3,144) (16.7) Savings 26,209 15.9 26,698 15.1 (489) (1.8) Certificates of deposit 52,503 31.8 66,563 37.7 (14,060) (21.1) Total deposits 165,094 100.0 176,795 100.0 (11,701) (6.6) The following table shows the average balance of each type of deposit and the average rate paid on each type of interest-bearing deposit for the periods indicated. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Expense Average Rate Paid Average Balance Interest Expense Average Rate Paid Negotiable order of withdrawal NOW 40,231 46 0.11 35,998 44 0.12 Money market 18,588 32 0.17 17,860 36 0.20 Savings accounts 27,060 36 0.13 24,295 28 0.12 Certificates of deposit 61,387 288 0.47 68,815 415 0.60 Total interest-bearing deposits 147,266 402 0.27 146,968 523 0.36 Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 32,560 - 34,056 - Total deposits 179,826 402 181,024 523 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the maturities and weighted average contractual interest rates of our total certificates of deposit at December 31, 2022 by time remaining to maturity. 

(Dollars in thousands) Amount Weighted Average Rate Balance at December 31, 2022 maturing in: Three months or less 13,553 0.55 Over three months through six months 11,011 0.76 Over six through 12 months 15,572 1.36 Over 12 months 12,367 1.45 Total certificates of deposit 52,503 1.05 The following table shows the maturities and weighted average contractual interest rates of our certificates of deposit in excess of the FDIC insurance limit (generally, 250,000) at December 31, 2022 by time remaining to maturity. 

(Dollars in thousands) Amount Weighted Average Rate Balance at December 31, 2022 maturing in: Three months or less 977 0.91 Over three months through six months 2,553 0.53 Over six through 12 months 3,205 1.41 Over 12 months 2,178 1.50 Total certificates of deposit with balances in excess of 250,000 8,913 1.13 The estimated amount of our total uninsured deposits (that is deposits in excess of the FDIC s insurance limit) was 59.1 million and 48.9 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Borrowings . Our borrowings, which consist of FHLB advances, amounted to 9.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 9.0 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the carrying value of our FHLB advances reflects the amortization of deferred prepayment penalties on 10.0 million in advances restructured in December of 2020. Deferred prepayment penalties on our FHLB advances totaled 802,000 and 982,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The prepayment penalties are being amortized over the remaining term of the advances. Of our 10.0 million in fixed rate FHLB advances, 3.0 million matures in 2025, 3.0 million matures in 2027 and 4.0 million matures in 2028. The following table shows certain information regarding our borrowings at or for the dates indicated: 

At or For the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 FHLB advances Average balance 9,294 8,927 Maximum balance at any month-end during the period 9,198 9,018 Balance at end of period 9,198 9,018 Average interest rate during the period 3.02 3.05 Weighted average interest rate at end of period (1) 0.93 0.93 

 (1) Reflects the weighted average contractual rate of FHLB advances. Shareholders Equity . Shareholders equity totaled 88.5 million, or 33.6 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, down 10.1 million, or 10.2 , from 98.6 million, or 34.5 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. The decline in shareholders equity was primarily due to a 8.4 million increase in the Company s accumulated other comprehensive loss position due to unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company began funding purchases of its common stock under the terms of the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement (the 2022 RRP ). Through December 31, 2022, 179,808 shares of the Company s common stock were purchased at an average cost per share of 13.01, and at December 31, 2022, there were 31,792 shares left to be purchased under the 2022 RRP. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company completed repurchases of 31,792 additional shares of common stock to fund the 2022 RRP and commenced repurchases under its 2023 Repurchase Plan, which was announced on January 26, 2023. Under the 2023 Repurchase Plan, the Company may purchase up to 265,000 shares, or approximately 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Average Balances, Net Interest Income, and Yields Earned and Rates Paid. The following table shows for the periods indicated the total dollar amount of interest from average interest-earning assets and the resulting yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed both in dollars and rates, and the net interest margin. Taxable equivalent TE yields have been calculated using a marginal tax rate of 21 . All average balances are based on daily balances. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Rate Interest-earning assets: Loans receivable (1) 132,503 6,127 4.62 141,860 6,965 4.91 Investment securities (TE)(2) 104,421 1,480 1.43 57,967 674 1.18 Other interest-earning assets 30,376 407 1.34 37,912 60 0.16 Total interest-earning assets (TE) 267,300 8,014 3.00 237,739 7,699 3.24 Non-interest-earning assets 15,631 15,101 Total assets 282,931 252,840 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW, money market and savings accounts 85,879 114 0.13 78,153 108 0.14 Certificates of deposit 61,387 288 0.47 68,815 415 0.60 Total interest-bearing deposits 147,266 402 0.27 146,968 523 0.36 FHLB advances 9,294 281 3.02 8,927 272 3.05 Total interest-bearing liabilities 156,560 683 0.44 155,895 795 0.51 Non-interest-bearing liabilities 33,297 35,403 Total liabilities 189,857 191,298 Shareholders equity 93,074 61,542 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 282,931 252,840 Net interest-earning assets 110,740 81,844 Net interest income; average interest rate spread (TE) 7,331 2.56 6,904 2.73 Net interest margin (TE)(3) 2.75 2.91 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 170.73 152.50 

 (1) Includes non-accrual loans during the respective periods. Calculated net of deferred fees and discounts and loans in process. (2) Average investment securities does not include unrealized holding gains/ losses on available-for-sale securities. (3) Equals net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Taxable equivalent yields are calculated using a marginal tax rate of 21 . 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Rate/Volume Analysis. The following table shows the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities affected our interest income and expense during the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (1) changes in rate, which is the change in rate multiplied by prior year volume, and (2) changes in volume, which is the change in volume multiplied by prior year rate. The combined effect of changes in both rate and volume has been allocated proportionately to the change due to rate and the change due to volume. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to Total (Dollars in thousands) Rate Volume Increase (Decrease) Interest income: Loans receivable (393) (445) (838) Investment securities 174 632 806 Other interest-earning assets 361 (14) 347 Total interest income 142 173 315 Interest expense: Savings, NOW and money market accounts (4) 10 6 Certificates of deposit (85) (42) (127) Total deposits (89) (32) (121) FHLB advances and other borrowings (3) 12 9 Total interest expense (92) (20) (112) Increase (decrease) in net interest income 234 193 427 Comparison of Results of Operation for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 General. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported net income of 180,000, compared to net income of 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, the Bank rebranded and officially changed its name to Catalyst Bank. Pre-tax costs associated with the rebranding of the Bank totaled 269,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company also received and recognized into non-interest income a 171,000 Bank Enterprise Award BEA Program grant from the CDFI Fund during 2022. During 2021, the Company received a 1.8 million Rapid Response Program grant from the CDFI Fund, which was fully recognized in non-interest income in the same period it was received. Interest Income. Total interest income increased 315,000, or 4.1 , to 8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to a 806,000 increase in interest income on investment securities and a 347,000 increase in other interest income, partially offset by a decrease in interest income on loans of 838,000. The average loan yield was 4.62 for the year ended December 31, 2022, down from 4.91 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, average loans were 132.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, down 9.4 million, or 6.6 , compared to 2021. Loan income from the recognition of deferred PPP loan fees totaled 186,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, down 154,000, or 45.3 , from 340,000 recognized in 2021. The increase in interest income on investment securities was primarily due to an increase in the average volume of our securities portfolio. The average amortized cost balance of our investment securities was up 46.5 million, or 80.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company deployed 41.9 million of the proceeds from our IPO into the investment securities portfolio. Interest income on other interest-earning assets, consisting primarily of interest-earning cash and deposits at other financial institutions, increased primarily due to the impact of rising short-term interest rates during 2022. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense. Total interest expense decreased 112,000, or 14.1 , to 683,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 795,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense on deposits was 402,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, down 121,000, or 23.1 , from 523,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total average interest-bearing deposits were 147.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, up less than 1.0 compared to the prior year, while the average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits decreased by nine basis points to 0.27 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.36 for the previous year. Net Interest Income. Net interest income was 7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 427,000, or 6.2 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our average interest rate spread was 2.56 and 2.73 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our net interest margin was 2.75 and 2.91 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decline in interest rate spread and net interest margin over the comparable periods was primarily the result of lower average yields on loans and a shift in the mix of our interest-earning assets as we grew our investment securities portfolio and experienced a decline in total average loans during 2022 compared to 2021. Provision for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings as losses related to our loan portfolio are determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. Loans, or portions of loans, are charged off against the allowance in the period that such loans, or portions thereof, are deemed uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated value of the underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. The evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. We recorded reversals to the allowance for loan losses of 375,000 and 660,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amounts recorded during both periods primarily reflect the release of reserve builds recorded during 2020 for the estimated effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on credit quality. While our initial assessment of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has improved during 2021 and 2022, uncertainty remains due to risks related to declining government stimulus availability, persistent inflation, rising market interest rates and a slowing economy. The establishment of the allowance for loan losses is significantly affected by management judgment and uncertainties and there is a likelihood that different amounts would be reported under different conditions or assumptions. Various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. While management is responsible for the establishment of the allowance for loan losses and for adjusting such allowance through provisions for loan losses, management may determine, as a result of such regulatory reviews, that an increase or decrease in the allowance or provision for loan losses may be necessary or that loan charge-offs are needed. Non-interest Income . Non-interest income decreased 1.5 million, or 55.3 , to 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In August 2021, the Bank was awarded a 1.8 million grant from the U.S. Treasury Department s CDFI Rapid Response Program, which was recognized as non-interest income. During 2022, the Company received and recognized into non-interest income a 171,000 BEA Program grant from the CDFI Fund. Income from bank-owned life insurance BOLI increased by 224,000 to 314,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, largely due to an aggregate of 10.0 million in additional BOLI policies purchased in March and April of 2022. During 2022, the Company also recorded losses on the disposal of fixed assets with a total net book value of 77,000. Of the assets disposed, 55,000 was attributable to branch signage that was replaced due to the Bank s rebranding. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Non-interest Expense. Non-interest expense increased 929,000, or 11.9 , to 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 included 214,000 of rebranding-related expenses. The increase in non-interest expense also reflects additional costs associated with operating as a public company and additional resources needed to expand our business. Salaries and employee benefits expense totaled 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 191,000, or 4.1 , over the previous year primarily due to stock compensation expense in the 2022 period. Allocations under the Company s ESOP commenced during the fourth quarter of 2021 and the Company granted awards under the 2022 Stock Option Plan and 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement in September 2022. Data processing and communication expense totaled 841,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 64,000, or 8.2 , over the previous year primarily due to the cost of additional technology resources and our newest branch location during the 2022 period. Data processing and communication expense also included 30,000 of rebranding-related expenses during the 2022 period. Professional fees totaled 538,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 150,000, or 38.7 , over the previous year primarily due to the cost of public company related services during 2022. Advertising and marketing expense totaled 240,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 197,000 over the previous year primarily due to rebranding-related expenses of 124,000 and increased promotional activities during 2022. Franchise and shares tax expense totaled 115,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the mutual-to-stock conversion of the Bank and the establishment of Catalyst Bancorp as its holding company, the Company became subject to franchise tax and the Bank became subject to Louisiana shares tax for 2022. Insurance expense totaled 135,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 72,000, or 114.3 , over the previous year primarily due to additional liability insurance required as a public company. Income Tax Expense . The Company reported an income tax benefit of 21,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to income tax expense of 484,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in income tax expense over the comparable periods was primarily due to the change in taxable earnings. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Exposure to Changes in Interest Rates Our ability to maintain net interest income depends upon our ability to earn a higher yield on interest-earning assets than the rates we pay on deposits and borrowings. The majority of our interest-earning assets largely consist of fixed-rate investment securities and adjustable rate residential and commercial mortgage loans. Consequently, our ability to maintain a positive spread between the interest earned on assets and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings can be adversely affected when market rates of interest change. Interest rate sensitivity is monitored by management through the use of models which generate estimates of changes in net interest income and the economic value of our assets and liabilities over a range of interest rate scenarios. Net Interest Income Analysis . We model and analyze potential changes to net interest income over a twelve-month period under rising and falling interest rate scenarios. Our primary model used to analyze the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income assumes a static balance sheet, applies immediate and sustained rate shocks and assumes no management intervention over the forecast period. The following table summarizes the results of our net interest income model as of December 31, 2022, which estimates the impact of immediate and sustained changes in interest rates on net interest income over the following twelve months. 

(Dollars in thousands) Net Interest Income Change Change Change in Interest Rates in Basis Points (Rate Shock): 300 7,706 (195) (2.5) 200 7,783 (118) (1.5) 100 7,751 (150) (1.9) Static 7,712 (189) (2.4) (100) 7,423 (478) (6.0) (200) 7,138 (763) (9.7) (300) 6,912 (989) (12.5) The above table indicates that as of December 31, 2022, in the event of an immediate and sustained 100 basis point increase in interest rates, our net interest income for the 12 months ending December 31, 2023 would be expected to decrease by 150,000 or 1.9 . Economic Value of Equity. Economic value of equity EVE represents the market value of portfolio equity, which is different from book value, and is equal to the market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities (that is, the difference between incoming and outgoing discounted cash flows of assets and liabilities) with adjustments made for off-balance sheet items. The EVE ratio, under any interest rate scenario, is defined as the EVE in that scenario divided by the market value of assets in the same scenario. The following table sets forth our EVE as of December 31, 2022 and reflects the changes to EVE as a result of immediate and sustained changes in interest rates as indicated. Economic Value of Equity EVE as of Fair Value of Assets (Dollars in thousands) Amount Change Change EVE Ratio Change Change in Interest Rates In Basis Points (Rate Shock): 300 85,492 (9,431) (9.9) 37.0 (1.3) 200 87,606 (7,317) (7.7) 36.9 (1.4) 100 90,497 (4,426) (4.7) 37.2 (1.1) Static 94,923 - - 38.3 - (100) 98,394 3,471 3.7 38.8 0.5 (200) 98,241 3,318 3.5 37.7 (0.6) (300) 100,683 5,760 6.1 37.9 (0.4) 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company maintains levels of liquid assets deemed adequate by management. We adjust our liquidity levels to fund deposit outflows, repay our borrowings, and to fund loan commitments. We also adjust liquidity, as appropriate, to meet asset and liability management objectives. Liquidity describes our ability to meet the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, and proceeds from maturities of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding advances from the FHLB with a carrying value of 9.2 million, and had the capacity to borrow approximately an additional 34.2 million from the FHLB and an additional 17.8 million on a line of credit with First National Bankers Bank at such date. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and short-term investments. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending, and investing activities during any given period. Our cash flows are comprised of three primary classifications: cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was 772,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash used in investing activities, which consists primarily of net changes in loans receivable, investment securities and other assets, such as bank-owned life insurance, was 14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash used in financing activities, consisting of net changes in funding sources and capital, was 14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We are committed to maintaining a strong liquidity position. We monitor our liquidity position frequently and anticipate that we will have sufficient funds to meet our current funding commitments. Certificates of deposit that are scheduled to mature in less than one year from December 31, 2022 totaled 40.1 million. Management expects that a majority of the maturing certificates of deposit will be retained. However, if a substantial portion of these deposits is not retained, we have sufficient capacity to utilize FHLB advances or we may raise interest rates on deposits to attract new accounts, which may result in higher levels of interest expense. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.9 million of outstanding commitments to originate loans and 7.2 million of remaining funds to be disbursed on construction loans in process. Our total unused lines of credit, unused overdraft privilege amounts and letters of credit totaled 13.6 million at December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes our outstanding commitments to originate loans and to advance additional amounts pursuant to outstanding letters of credit, lines of credit and undisbursed construction loans at December 31, 2022 

Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period (Dollars in thousands) Total Amounts Committed at December 31, 2022 To 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years After 5 Years Commitments to originate loans 1,960 1,960 - - - Undisbursed portion of construction loans in process 7,212 1,855 5,357 - - Unused lines of credit 12,453 6,146 5,702 - 605 Unused overdraft privilege amounts 1,132 - - - 1,132 Letters of credit 4 4 - - - Total commitments 22,761 9,965 11,059 - 1,737 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations at December 31, 2022. 

Payments Due By Period (Dollars in thousands) Total at December 31, 2022 To 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years After 5 Years Certificates of deposit 52,503 40,136 11,351 1,016 - FHLB advances 10,000 - 3,000 3,000 4,000 Total long-term debt 62,503 40,136 14,351 4,016 4,000 Operating lease obligations - - - - - Total contractual obligations 62,503 40,136 14,351 4,016 4,000 The Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was categorized as well-capitalized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Management is not aware of any conditions or events since the most recent notification that would change our category. The following table presents actual and required capital. 

Actual To be Well Capitalized under the Prompt Corrective Action Provision (Dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2022 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 78,527 56.17 9,087 >6.5 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital 78,527 56.17 11,184 >8.0 Total Risk-Based Capital 80,275 57.42 13,980 >10.0 Tier 1 Leverage Capital 78,527 30.37 12,929 >5.0 As of December 31, 2021 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 77,819 63.51 7,965 >6.5 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital 77,819 63.51 9,803 >8.0 Total Risk-Based Capital 79,360 64.77 12,253 >10.0 Tier 1 Leverage Capital 77,819 27.38 14,210 >5.0 Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of the impact of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 of the notes to our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. Opelousas, LA Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. / s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. March 30, 2023 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 CATALYST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 ASSETS Non-interest-bearing cash Interest-bearing cash and due from banks Total cash and cash equivalents Investment securities: Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity (fair values of and , respectively) Loans receivable, net of unearned income Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable Foreclosed assets Premises and equipment, net Stock in correspondent banks, at cost Bank-owned life insurance Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Deposits Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Other liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value - shares authorized; issued - - Common stock, par value - shares authorized; issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Unallocated common stock held by benefit plans ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 CATALYST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 INTEREST INCOME Loans receivable, including fees Investment securities Other Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for (reversal of) loan losses ) ) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) loan losses NON-INTEREST INCOME Service charges on deposit accounts Gain (loss) on disposals and sales of fixed assets ) Bank-owned life insurance Federal community development grant Other Total non-interest income NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communication Professional fees Directors fees ATM and debit card Foreclosed assets, net Advertising and marketing Franchise and shares tax - Regulatory fees and assessments Insurance Printing, supplies and postage Other Total non-interest expense Income before income tax expense (benefit) Income tax expense (benefit) ) NET INCOME Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share - diluted N/A The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 CATALYST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Net income Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Income tax effect Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 CATALYST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

(Dollars in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Unallocated Common Stock Held by Benefit Plans Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2020 - - - Net income - - - - Other comprehensive income (loss) - - - - ) ) Issuance of common stock - - - Stock purchased by the ESOP - - ) - - ) ESOP shares released for allocation - - - BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net income - - - - Other comprehensive income (loss) - - - - ) ) Stock purchased to fund the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan - - ) - - ) ESOP shares released for allocation - - - Stock compensation expense - - - - BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 CATALSYT BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Investment securities amortization, net Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends ) ) Amortization of prepayment penalties on debt restructuring Provision for (reversal of) loan losses ) ) Net loss (gain) on disposals and sales of premises and equipment ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Stock-based compensation Depreciation of premises and equipment Net write-downs and losses (gains) on the sale of foreclosed assets ) Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Activity in available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from maturities, calls, and paydowns Purchases ) ) Activity in held-to-maturity securities: Proceeds from maturities and calls - Net (increase) decrease in loans ) Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment - Purchase of bank-owned life insurance ) - Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase (decrease) in deposits ) Purchase of stock to fund the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan ) - Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net of costs - Purchase of stock for ESOP - ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING ACTIVITIES Loans originated to facilitate the sale of real estate owned - Acquisition of real estate in settlement of loans SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF INTEREST AND TAXES PAID Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 CATALYST BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 and a decrease in 2021 net income of . The Company no longer finances sales of foreclosed assets. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. to for buildings and improvements and to for equipment, fixtures and automobiles. impairment had been recognized. grant from the CDFI Bank Enterprise Award Program. The Bank met the conditions of the grant by providing loans and financial services directly to residents and businesses located in distressed communities. During the year ended December 31, 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 million grant from the CDFI Rapid Response Program. The Bank met the conditions of the grant by deploying the proceeds to capital through income recognition and by originating the required amount of qualifying loans in its target markets. Income from the federal community development grants are reported in non-interest income. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 direct response advertising costs capitalized as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. dilution for any potentially convertible shares is included in the calculation of basic EPS. Diluted EPS reflects additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares, in the form of stock options or restricted stock shares, had been issued, as well as any adjustment to income that would result from the assumed issuance. Potentially dilutive common shares are excluded from the computation of diluted EPS in periods in which the effect would be anti-dilutive. Unallocated common shares held by the ESOP are not included in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for purposes of calculating EPS until they are committed to be released. Unallocated restricted shares are not included in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for purposes of calculating basic EPS until the awards vest, however these shares are included in the computation of the denominator of diluted EPS using the treasury stock method, if dilutive. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 to increase in the allowance for loan losses and an increase in total liabilities of to due to the allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments. The estimated impacts to the statement of financial condition are due primarily to the addition of forecasted credit losses under the CECL method. The extent of the impact at subsequent reporting periods will depend on the characteristics of the Company s loan portfolio and economic conditions at such dates as well as forecasted conditions thereafter. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company expects to further refine our CECL process, assumptions, qualitative adjustments and financial reporting disclosures. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (ASC 326), Troubled Debt Restructurings TDRs and Vintage Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU respond to feedback received by the FASB during the post-implementation review of the amendments included in ASU 2016-13. The amendments in ASU 2022-02 eliminate the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors in ASC 310-40, Receivables Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors and enhance disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Stakeholders have observed that the additional designation of a loan modification as a TDR and the related accounting under current GAAP are unnecessarily complex and do not provide decision-useful information after the adoption of ASU 2016-13 since credit losses from TDRs are incorporated under the CECL model. Under the amendments in ASU 2022-02, an entity must apply the guidance under ASC 310-20 to determine whether a modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan rather than applying the guidance for TDRs. For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2022-02 also require an entity to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of ASC 326-20. The amendments in ASU 2022-02 are effective at the time of adoption of the amendments in ASU 2016-13. The Company does not expect that the adoption of ASU 2022-02 will have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 shares of its common stock, par value per share, for an aggregate of million in total offering proceeds, including shares issued to the Company s employee stock ownership plan ESOP ). The Company made a loan to the ESOP in the amount of million, which the ESOP used to purchase shares. The Company s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CLST . The costs of issuing the common stock were deferred and deducted from the sales proceeds of the IPO at December 31, 2021. Conversion costs totaled million at December 31, 2021. The net proceeds of the IPO of million are reflected in the Company s shareholders equity. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average unallocated common stock held by benefit plans ) ) Weighted average shares - basic Effect of dilutive stock-based awards: Stock options - - Restricted stock - - Weighted average shares - assuming dilution Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share N/A The weighted average of potentially dilutive common shares that were anti-dilutive attributable to outstanding stock options totaled , for the year ended December 31, 2022 and were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. There were potentially dilutive common shares related to restricted stock awards that were anti-dilutive during the year ended December 31, 2022 and excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were convertible securities or other contracts to issue common stock outstanding that if converted or exercised would result in potential dilution of earnings per share. ) U.S. Government and agency obligations - ) Municipal obligations ) Total available-for-sale ) Securities held-to-maturity U.S. Government and agency obligations - ) Municipal obligations - ) Total held-to-maturity - ) 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 ) U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Municipal obligations - ) Total available-for-sale ) Securities held-to-maturity U.S. Government and agency obligations ) Municipal obligations - Total held-to-maturity ) There were securities transferred between classifications during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Investment securities with a carrying amount of approximately million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure deposits as required or permitted by law at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had investments in a single issuer other than securities issued by U.S. Government agencies or U.S. Government sponsored enterprises, which had an aggregate book value in excess of of the Company s shareholders equity. The following is a summary of maturities of securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: - - After one through five years After five through ten years After ten years Total December 31, 2021 Available-for-Sale Held-to-Maturity (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amounts maturing in: One year or less - - - - After one through five years - - After five through ten years After ten years Total Securities are classified according to their contractual maturities without consideration of principal amortization, potential prepayments, or call options. The expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because of the exercise of call options and potential paydowns. Accordingly, actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) U.S. Government and agency obligations - - ) ) Municipal obligations ) ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Securities held-to-maturity U.S. Government and agency obligations - - ) ) Municipal obligations ) ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Securities available-for-sale Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) U.S. Government and agency obligations ) ) ) Municipal obligations ) ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Securities held-to-maturity U.S. Government and agency obligations ) ) ) Municipal obligations - - - - - - Total held-to-maturity ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least quarterly, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to the length of time and the extent to which that fair value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. At December 31, 2022, the Company held securities with an unrealized loss, compared to securities with an unrealized loss at December 31, 2021. The securities in unrealized loss positions consisted of government-sponsored mortgage-backed securities and debt obligations guaranteed by federal, state and local government entities. These unrealized losses relate principally to current interest rates for similar types of securities. In analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued by the federal government, its agencies, or other governments, whether downgrades by bond rating agencies have occurred, and the results of reviews of the issuer s financial condition. As management has the intent and ability to hold securities until maturity, or for the foreseeable future if classified as available-for-sale, declines were deemed to be other-than-temporary. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial real estate Construction and land Multi-family residential Total real estate loans Other loans Commercial and industrial Consumer Total other loans Total loans Less: Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans ) ) Commercial real estate ) - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential ) - - Commercial and industrial ) Consumer ) Total ) ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Beginning Balance Provision (Reversal) Charge-offs Recoveries Ending Balance Allowance for loan losses One- to four-family residential ) ) Commercial real estate ) - - Construction and land ) - - Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial - - Consumer ) Unallocated ) - - - Total ) ) 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial - Consumer - - Total Loans One- to four-family residential Commercial real estate - Construction and land Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial - Consumer - - Total A summary of current, past due and nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - Multi-family residential - - - - - Commercial and industrial - - - - - Consumer - - - Total 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 - Commercial real estate - - - Construction and land - Multi-family residential - - - - - Commercial and industrial - - Consumer - Total The Company was not committed to lend any additional funds on nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 or 2021. At December 31, 2022, loans secured by residential and commercial real estate for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process totaled and , respectively. At December 31, 2021, loan secured by residential real estate which were in process of foreclosure totaled . A Troubled Debt Restructuring TDR is considered such if the lender, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider. During the year ended December 31, 2022, loans were modified in a manner deemed to constitute a TDR. Information pertaining to loans modified and treated as TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2021 follows: Total Troubled debt restructured loans were modified to defer principal and extend maturity on average for . All loans modified during the year ended December 31, 2021 defaulted after modification. The modifications and defaults did not have a significant impact on the determination of the allowance for loan losses. The Company has commitments to loan additional funds to the borrowers whose loans have been modified. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - - - Commercial and industrial - - - - Consumer - - - - Total 

December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Recorded Investment Without an Allowance Recorded Investment With an Allowance Unpaid Principal Related Allowance One- to four-family residential Commercial real estate - - - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - - - Commercial and industrial Consumer - - - - Total The table below presents the average balances and interest income for impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized Average Recorded Investment Interest Income Recognized One- to four-family residential Commercial real estate - - - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - - - Commercial and industrial - - Consumer - - - - Total 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 - Commercial real estate - - Construction and land - Multi-family residential - - - Commercial and industrial - - - Consumer - - - Total - 

December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total One- to four-family residential - Commercial real estate - Construction and land - - Multi-family residential - - Commercial and industrial - - Consumer - - Total - 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Automobiles Renovation in process - Total premises and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total premises and equipment, net Depreciation expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Negotiable order of withdrawal NOW Money market Savings Certificates of deposit Total deposits Certificates of deposit and other time deposits issued in denominations that exceed FDIC insurance limit of 250,000 totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in interest-bearing deposits in the statements of financial condition. At December 31, 2022 scheduled maturities of certificates of deposits were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Debt modification discount ) ) In December of 2020, the Bank restructured million of its FHLB long-term borrowings. The debt was restructured to longer maturities at current interest rates. A prepayment penalty for the restructuring of million was treated as a discount on the debt. The deferred prepayment penalty is amortized into interest expense using the interest method over the life of the restructured borrowings. Interest payments are due monthly, and maturities are as follows: 2026 - 2027 Thereafter Total At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had the ability to borrow advances up to million and million, respectively, with Federal Home Loan Bank. Federal Home Loan Bank advances at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were secured by loans totaling million and million, respectively, through a blanket floating lien with the Federal Home Loan Bank. The Company has an Unsecured Federal Funds Master Purchase Agreement with First National Bankers Bank for million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, this credit facility was unused. 
 71 

Table of Contents) Deferred ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of percent in 2022 and 2021 to income before income taxes as a result of the following: Bank-owned life insurance income ) ) Tax free investment securities income ) ) Nondeductible stock-based compensation expense Other Total income tax expense (benefit) ) Deferred taxes are recorded based upon differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities. The net deferred tax assets and liabilities in the accompanying statements of financial condition include the following components: Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities Foreclosed assets Stock-based compensation - Other Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Allowance for loan losses ) - FHLB stock ) ) FHLB debt modification discount ) ) Premises and equipment, net ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) Retained earnings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 include approximately million accumulated prior to January 1, 1987, for which deferred federal income tax liability has been recognized. This amount represents an allocation of income to bad-debt deductions for tax purposes only. Reduction of amounts so allocated for purposes other than tax bad-debt losses or adjustments arising from carryback of net operating losses would create income for tax purposes only, which would be subject to the then-current corporate income tax rate. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 > Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital > Total Risk-Based Capital > Tier 1 Leverage Capital > As of December 31, 2021 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital > Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital > Total Risk-Based Capital > Tier 1 Leverage Capital > Changes in related party status ) Originations Repayments ) ) Balance at end of year Deposits from directors and officers totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Undisbursed portion of construction loans in process Unused lines of credit Unused overdraft privilege amounts Letters of credit Total Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. Since some of the commitments may possibly expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral usually consists of a first mortgage on the underlying properties. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support private borrowing arrangements and are secured by passbook accounts or certificates of deposit. All letters of credit are required to be renewed annually, if applicable. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 of service and enter the 401(k) plan on a monthly basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, participants were permitted to make salary deferral contributions in any percentage up to of the plan salary up to the contribution amount allowed by law and the Company made matching percentage contributions up to of the participant s plan salary. For the year ended December 31, 2021, participants were permitted to make salary deferral contributions in any amount up to of their plan salary up to the maximum percentage of compensation allowed by law and the Company made matching contributions in an amount equal to of the participant s elective deferral. The Company made matching contributions of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with the plan, which are included in salaries and employee benefits expense in the statements of income. Employee Stock Ownership Plan In October 2021, the Company established an employee stock ownership plan ESOP for the benefit of all employees of the Company. Employees of the Company who have worked at least hours in the first six months of employment and who have attained the age of are eligible to participate in the ESOP. The Company made a loan to the ESOP in the amount of million, which the ESOP used to purchase shares. It is anticipated that contributions will be made to the ESOP in amounts necessary to amortize the debt to the Company over a period of . The leveraged ESOP is accounted for in accordance with the guidance under ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. Under ASC 718, unearned or unallocated ESOP shares are not considered outstanding for financial reporting purposes and are shown as a reduction of shareholders equity as unallocated shares held by benefit plans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, unallocated ESOP shares had a carrying value of million and million, respectively. The Company recognizes compensation cost equal to the fair value of the ESOP shares during the periods in which they are committed to be released. To the extent that the fair value of the Company s ESOP shares differs from the cost of such shares, the differential is credited to shareholders equity. The Company receives a tax deduction equal to the cost of the shares released. As the loan is internally leveraged, the loan receivable from the ESOP to the Company is not reported as an asset nor is the debt of the ESOP shown as a Company liability. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ESOP allocated and shares, respectively. Compensation expense related to the ESOP totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and unallocated ESOP shares, respectively, with fair values of approximately million and million, respectively, based on closing quoted market price per share as of such dates. Stock-based Compensation Plans In March 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Option Plan and the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan ), which were approved by shareholders at our annual meeting on May 17, 2022. Under the terms of both plans, officers, employees and directors selected by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors are eligible to receive benefits. On September 1, 2022, the Company granted a total of awards under the 2022 Stock Option Plan and awards under the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock, or of the shares sold in the conversion offering, have been reserved for the future issuance pursuant to the 2022 Stock Option Plan. Options to acquire shares of common stock will be awarded with an exercise price no less than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date. All stock options granted have been issued with a vesting period. The Company estimates the fair value of each option granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Key management assumptions used to value the options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022 are summarized below. Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Risk free rate The following table summarizes stock option activity for the periods indicated. Forfeited - - - Exercised - - - Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 - - - - Total stock option expense, allocated between salaries and employee benefits expense and directors fees, was for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock, or of the shares sold in the conversion offering. As of the date of this filing, all share repurchases to fund the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan have been completed. At December 31, 2022, shares of unallocated restricted stock was held by the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan Trust with a carrying value of million. Unallocated shares of restricted stock awards are not considered outstanding for financial reporting purposes and are shown as a reduction of shareholders equity as unallocated shares held by benefit plans. All restricted stock awards granted have been issued with a vesting period. The following table summarizes restricted stock award activity for the periods indicated. Forfeited - - Vested - - Unvested awards, December 31, 2022 Total restricted stock expense, allocated between salaries and employee benefits expense and directors fees, was for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 - - December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale securities - - Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 follow: Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 December 31, 2022 Impaired loans - - Foreclosed assets - - Total - - December 31, 2021 Impaired loans - - Foreclosed assets - - Total - - At December 31, 2022 and 2021, impaired loans with a recorded investment of million and million, respectively, have been written down to their fair value by a charge to the allowance for loan losses. Foreclosed assets are written down to fair value by a charge to earnings through foreclosed asset expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment losses on foreclosed assets were recognized. Impairment losses on foreclosed assets totaled for the year ended December 31, 2021. The fair value of impaired loans and foreclosed assets are estimated using third-party appraisals of the collateral or asset held less estimated costs to sell and discounts to reflect current conditions. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 - - Investment securities: Available-for-sale - - Held-to-maturity - - Loans receivable, net - - Bank-owned life insurance - - Financial Liabilities: Deposits - - Borrowed funds - - December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial Assets: Cash and cash equivalents - - Investment securities: Available-for-sale - - Held-to-maturity - - Loans receivable, net - - Bank-owned life insurance - - Financial Liabilities: Deposits - - Borrowed funds - - The carrying amounts in the preceding tables are included in the statement of financial condition under the applicable captions. It is not practical to estimate the fair value of Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and First National Bankers Bank stock because they are not marketable. The carrying amount of investments without readily determinable fair value is reported in the statements of financial condition at historical cost. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Investment in bank subsidiary Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Other liabilities - TOTAL LIABILITIES - SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock Additional paid-in capital Unallocated common stock held by benefit plans ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Professional fees Data processing and communication Franchise tax - Other Total non-interest expense Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income (loss) before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary NET INCOME 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) ) Investment securities amortization, net (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities - Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital injection into subsidiary from stock offering - ) Payments received on ESOP loan Activity in available-for-sale securities: Proceeds from maturities, calls, and paydowns Purchases ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net of costs - Purchase of stock to fund the 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan ) - Purchase of stock for ESOP - ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period - CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations and are operating in an effective manner. (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. (c) No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the sections captioned Information with Respect to Nominees for Director, Continuing Directors, and Executive Officers and Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management -Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Registrant s Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022 Proxy Statement ). Code of Ethics . Catalyst Bancorp has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as well as directors, other officers, and employees of Catalyst Bancorp and the Bank. The Code of Ethics is posted on our website, www.catalystbank.com under the Investor Relations - Governance tab. A copy of the Code of Ethics also may be obtained without charge upon request made to Jutta Codori, Catalyst Bancorp, Inc., 235 N. Court Street, Opelousas, Louisiana 70570. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the section captioned Management Compensation in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management . The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the section captioned Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Equity Compensation Plan Information . The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to shares of common stock that may be issued under our existing equity compensation plans, which consist of the 2022 Stock Option Plan and 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust, both of which were approved by our shareholders. 

Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 414,676 13.30 325,924 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders - - - Total 414,676 13.30 325,924 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the section captioned Indebtedness of Management and Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required herein is incorporated by reference from the section captioned Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Fees in the Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report and are incorporated herein by reference from Item 8 hereof:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 00 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements The following exhibits are filed as part of the Form 10-K, and this list includes the Exhibit Index: 

No. Description Location 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. (1) 3.2 Bylaws of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. (1) 4.2 Description of Securities (2) 10.1 Employment Agreement by and between St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank and Joseph Zanco (1) 10.2 Restricted Executive Benefit Agreement by and between St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank and Joseph Zanco (1) 10.3 St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank Supplemental Life Insurance Agreement (1) 10.4 Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Stock Option Plan (3) 10.5 Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. 2022 Recognition and Retention Plan and Trust Agreement (4) 23.0 Consent of Castaing, Hussey Lolan, LLC Filed Herewith 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Filed Herewith 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Filed Herewith 32.0 Section 1350 Certifications Filed Herewith 101 The following financial information from Catalyst Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Cover Page (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (vi) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vii) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in summary and detail. Filed Herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) Filed Herewith 

 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. (1) Incorporated herein by reference from the like-numbered exhibit number in Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021 (File No. 333-254200). (2) Incorporated by reference from the like-numbered exhibit in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and filed March 29, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-40893). (3) Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of shareholders held on May 17, 2022 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2022 (File No. 001-40893). (4) Incorporated by reference from Appendix B to the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Company s annual meeting of shareholders held on May 17, 2022 filed with the Commission on April 12, 2022 (File No. 001-40893). 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant had duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CATALYST BANCORP, INC. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Joseph B. Zanco Joseph B. Zanco President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Joseph B. Zanco Joseph B. Zanco President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 30, 2023 /s/ Jacques L. J. Bourque Jacques L. J. Bourque Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 30, 2023 /s/ Todd A. Kidder Todd A. Kidder Director, Chairman of the Board March 30, 2023 /s/ Ted D. Bellard Ted D. Bellard Director March 30, 2023 /s/ Kirk E. Kleiser Kirk E. Kleiser Director March 30, 2023 /s/ Frederick L. Lafleur Frederick L. LaFleur Director March 30, 2023 /s/ Craig C. Lebouef Craig C. LeBouef Director March 30, 2023 /s/ Matthew I. Scruggins Matthew I. Scruggins Director March 30, 2023 
 87 

<EX-23.0>
 2
 clst-20221231xex23d0.htm
 EX-23.0

EXHIBIT 23.0 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-262368 and No. 333-267058) of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc included in Catalyst Bancorp Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Castaing, Hussey Lolan, LLC New Iberia, Louisiana Date: March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.0>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 clst-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Joseph B. Zanco, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Joseph B. Zanco Joseph B. Zanco President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 clst-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Jacques L. J. Bourque, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jacques L. J. Bourque Jacques L. J. Bourque Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.0>
 5
 clst-20221231xex32d0.htm
 EX-32.0

EXHIBIT 32.0 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS The undersigned executive officers of Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. (the Registrant hereby certify that the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: March 30, 2023 /s/ Joseph B. Zanco Joseph B. Zanco President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: March 30, 2023 /s/ Jacques L. J. Bourque Jacques L. J. Bourque Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has been provided to Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. and will be retained by Catalyst Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 clst-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 clst-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 clst-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 clst-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 clst-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

