<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1605888_0001213900-23-020621.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6209137</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>313783</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1843521</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1157365</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1449471</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1308886</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-020621.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316161552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-020621
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SeqLL, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001605888
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				465319744
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40760
		FILM NUMBER:		23739013

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		317 NEW BOSTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WOBURN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 817-3755

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		317 NEW BOSTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WOBURN
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-020621.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_seqllinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) , , Massachusetts (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Warrants to purchase Common Stock SQLLW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing price on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of June 30,
2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

There were shares of the registrant s common stock,
 0.00001 par value, outstanding as of March 15, 2023. 

SEQLL INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 37 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 
 PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 
 
 PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 58 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 60 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 61 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10 K Summary 

SIGNATURES 
 63 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

LIST XBRL DOCUMENTS 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we ,
 us , our and the Company mean SeqLL Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary SeqLL, LLC, taken as
a whole (unless the context indicates a different meaning). 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections
titled Business, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, but are also contained elsewhere in this report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by the words may, might, will, could, would, should, 
 expect, intend, plan, objective, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, predict, project, potential, continue and ongoing, 
or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance or condition and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, statements about: 

the success, cost and timing of our product development activities, including statements regarding the timing of initiation and completion of our research and development programs; 

developments regarding next generation sequencing technologies; 

our expectations regarding the market size and growth potential for our business; 

the implementation of our strategic plans, including strategy for our business and related financing; 

our ability to maintain and establish future collaborations and strategic relationships; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products; 

our ability to generate sustained revenue or achieve profitability; 

the potential for our identified research priorities to advance our technology; 

the pricing and expected gross margin for our products; 

our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capability and strategy; 

our research and development plans including, among other things, statements relating to future uses, quality or performance of, or benefits of using, products or technologies; 

updates or improvements of our products; 

intentions regarding seeking regulatory approval for our products; 

our competitive position; 

our estimates of our expenses, ongoing losses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for, or ability to obtain, additional financing as necessary; and 

our ability to maintain our intellectual property position for our technology. 

You should read this report, including the section
titled Risk Factors, and the documents that we reference elsewhere in this report and have filed as exhibits to this report
completely and with the understanding that our actual results may differ materially from what we expect as expressed or implied by our
forward-looking statements. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In
light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation
or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. 

These forward-looking statements represent our
estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report regardless of the time of delivery of this report. Except as required by
law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise after the date of this report. All subsequent forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on
our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to herein. 

ii 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 

Our business is subject to varying degrees of risk
and uncertainty. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties summarized below, as well as the risks and uncertainties discussed
in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks not presently known to us or that
we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to the following principal
risks and uncertainties: 

As we have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows since our inception, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue as a going concern absent additional financing. 

We are an early, commercial-stage company with a limited operating history. 

If our tSMS sequencing instruments or sequencing services fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, we will not generate expected revenue and our business may not succeed. 

Our research and development efforts may not result in the benefits we anticipate, and our failure to successfully market, sell and commercialize our current and future sequencing instruments and services products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to successfully develop and timely manufacture our sequencing instruments and reagents, our business may be adversely affected. 

We must successfully manage new product introductions and transitions related to the tSMS technology, we may incur significant costs during these transitions, and they may not result in the benefits we anticipate. 

We rely on other companies for certain components and materials and intend to outsource sub-assembly manufacturing in the future. We may not be able to successfully assemble or manufacture reagents and instruments or scale the manufacturing process necessary to build and test multiple products on a full commercial basis, which could materially harm our business. 

We may be unable to consistently manufacture our instruments and reagents to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand at an acceptable cost. 

Increased market adoption of our products by customers may depend on the availability of sample preparation and informatics tools, some of which may be developed by third parties. 

Single molecule sequencers are highly complex, have recurring support requirements and could have unknown defects or errors, which may give rise to claims against us or divert application of our resources from other purposes. 

If we lose members of our senior management team or other key personnel or are unable to successfully retain, recruit and train qualified scientists, engineers and other personnel, our ability to maintain and develop our products could be harmed and we may be unable to achieve our goals. 

A significant portion of our potential sales depends on customers spending budgets that may be subject to significant and unexpected variation which could have a negative effect on the demand for our products. 

We are, and may become, subject to governmental regulations that may impose burdens on our operations, and the markets for our products may be narrowed. 

Our sales cycle is unpredictable and lengthy, which makes it difficult to forecast revenue and may increase the magnitude of quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results. 

For a more detailed discussion of these risks and
uncertainties, you should consider, you are urged to carefully review, the risk and uncertainties described under Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

iii 

GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN SCIENTIFIC TERMS 

The medical and scientific terms used in this
report have the following meanings: 

Bioinformatics means a subdiscipline
of biology and computer science concerned with the acquisition, storage, analysis, and dissemination of biological data, most often DNA
and amino acid sequences. 

cDNA means complementary DNA created
from RNA through the use of reverse transcriptase. 

DNA means deoxyribonucleic acid,
a self-replicating material present in nearly all living organisms as the carrier of genetic information. 

Double helix is a structure formed
by a pair of parallel helices intertwined around a common axis. DNA is a double helix. 

DRS means Direct RNA Sequencing,
a method for sequencing RNA molecules without conversion to complementary DNA cDNA or amplification via PCR. 

Epigenetic is the changes in gene
expression that do not involve changes in the DNA sequence. 

FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration. 

Flow cell means an optical cell
used for detection and measurement of biological samples. 

Gene is a portion of a DNA that
serves as the basic unit of heredity. 

Gene expression is a process by
which information from a gene is used for the synthesis of a functional product. 

Genome is an organism s complete
set of DNA. 

Genomics refers to the study of
all an organism s genetic material and their interactions to influence the organism. Large-scale studies are required to understand
how changes in an organism s genes influence the organism. 

Helix is an extended spiral chain
of molecules. 

LDT means Laboratory Developed Tests. 

Ligation is a process of joining
two DNA strands by chemical linkage. 

Microfluidics is the science of
manipulating and controlling fluids, usually in very small ranges. 

Next Generation Sequencing means
a high-throughput sequencing to sequence DNA and RNA molecules much more quickly and cheaply than the previously used techniques. 

NGS means Next Generation Sequencing. 

iv 

Nucleic Acid means a complex organic
substance present in living cells, such as DNA or RNA. 

Nucleotide bases or Nucleotides 
are building blocks of nucleic acids and include adenine A ), cytosine C ), guanine G ), thymine T and uracil U ). 

Omics refers to various different
biological analyses approaches whereby researchers can analyze complex biological data, often in high throughput methods, to find novel
associations between biological entities, pinpoint relevant biomarkers and build elaborate markers of disease and physiology. Examples
of various omics analyses include: genomics, proteomics, transcriptomics, epigenomics, and metabolomics. When two or more
of the -omics analyses approaches are combined either directly in analyses and/or in examination of -omics data sets, the approach is
referred to as multi-omics. 

PCR means Polymerase Chain Reaction,
which is a technique used to generate multiple copies (thousands to millions) of DNA sequences. 

Proteomic(s) refers to the large-scale
study of proteins. The proteome is the entire set of proteins that is produced or modified in an organism or system. 

RNA means ribonucleic acid, a material
present in all living cells which acts as a messenger carrying instructions from the DNA for controlling the synthesis of proteins. 

RNA-Seq means RNA Sequencing, an
NGS method that involves the conversion of RNA into cDNA for subsequent sample preparation and sequencing. 

Throughput refers to the rate at
which an assay can be performed during a given time period. 

Transcript is a single stranded
RNA synthesized by transcription of DNA. 

Transcriptome refers to the sum
of all RNA molecules, inclusive of noncoding and coding RNAs, that are contained within a population of cells or a single cell. 

tSMS means True Single Molecule
Sequencing. 

v 

PART I 

BUSINESS 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are an early commercial-stage life sciences instrumentation and research
services company engaged in the development of scientific assets and novel intellectual property across multiple omics fields.
We leverage our expertise with True Single Molecule Sequencing (tSMS) technology enabling researchers and clinicians to contribute major
advancements to scientific research and development by accelerating one s understanding of the molecular mechanisms of disease and
fundamental biological processes. We believe our proprietary sequencing technology platform has critical advantages over existing NGS
(Next Generation Sequencing) technologies, particularly for emerging applications in the research and development of biomarker discovery,
epigenetics, nucleotide chemistry, forensics, and cell-free nucleic acid analysis. Our mission is to empower researchers with improved
genetic tools that enable scientists and physicians to better understand the molecular mechanisms of disease and the underlying biological
systems. This knowledge is essential to the continued development of new breakthroughs in genomic medicine that address the critical concerns
involved with today s precision medicine. 

Our single molecule technology enables researchers to identify and
synthesize DNA or RNA strands, irrespective of abundance, in a biological sample and is capable of analyzing billions of molecules in
parallel, which positions us as both competitive and complementary with other NGS platforms. We believe our technology advantage is a
simplified method of quantifying DNA and RNA molecules at single molecule resolution because our platform does not require the routine
PCR amplification and library preparation and ligation steps required by most NGS systems, thereby avoiding systematic bias and consequential
additional costs. Our current sequencing platform offers advantages, such as the ability of certain samples to reveal previously unknown
molecular profiles by directly detecting single molecules with little to no manipulation of the original sample. Our tSMS platform then
generates data that is highly accurate and creates reproducible molecular profiles, often providing researchers with new insights into
the biology being researched. As supported by multiple peer-reviewed research publications, our tSMS technology platform has assisted
medical researchers in uncovering potentially significant DNA and RNA biomarkers for the early detection of diseases. 

Our strategy is to integrate the tSMS platform with the development
of novel applications across multiple market segments, and to generate revenue through sales of partnership-specific systems and related
flow cells and reagents, which we refer to as sequencing kits , research services and research grants. We do not offer or
sell any products that are founded upon or incorporate our tSMS platform directly to healthcare professionals or consumers. To strengthen
our market position, we strive to build and control intellectual property around the instruments, sequencing kits and methods that enable
these applications to strengthen our market position. Integral to this strategy will be to work with existing customers in developing
new instruments optimized for specific assay and chemistry performance in order to support a wide array of applications. Our target customers
are consumers of NGS products and services engaged in research activities and the development of new or improved products, such as academic
and government institutions, hospitals and medical centers, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and non-profit research organizations. 

Under our current operating model, we expect the revenue we generate
from a specific customer to scale as our partnership or collaboration with such customer matures and the intellectual property founded
on our tSMS platform is developed and sold by such customer. Initially, our customer-specific revenue is typically dependent on the funding
of, or research grants obtained by, our partners and their ability to develop novel products. During the early stages of our partnerships
or collaborations, we generally derive revenue from research services, grants, and the sale of customized instruments and sequencing kits
as intellectual property is developed. Over the longer term, however, we expect to generate increasing revenues from our customers from
the sale of application-specific assays or tests that are developed on our platform and for which we will receive royalties, a revenue
split or other renumeration for the use of our platform or jointly-developed intellectual property. 

1 

Background on Genetic Sequencing 

Genetic inheritance in living systems is conveyed through a naturally
occurring information storage system known as deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA. DNA stores information in linear chains of chemical bases
known as adenine A ), cytosine C ), guanine G and thymine T ). Inside living
cells, these chains usually exist in pairs bound together in a double helix by complementary base pairs. A genome is an
organism s complete set of DNA, which for humans consists of approximately three billion DNA base pairs. Ribonucleic acid, or RNA,
is a molecule used by organisms to convey genetic information. A transcriptome is an organism s complete set of RNA
molecules at an active cellular state and includes both protein coding and noncoding RNA transcripts. 

Genetic sequencing is the process of determining the order of nucleotide
bases (A, C, G, or T) in a sample. This consists of three phases: sample preparation, physical sequencing and analysis. Generally, the
first step of sample preparation is either to shear the target genome into multiple small fragments or, depending on the amount of sample
DNA or RNA available, amplify the target region using a variety of molecular methods. In the physical sequencing phase, the individual
bases in each fragment are identified in order, creating individual sequence reads. The number of individual bases identified contiguously
is defined as read length . The sequencing throughput is generally defined as the product of the number of individual
sequence reads and the average read length of the sequence reads. In the analysis phase, bioinformatics software is used to align overlapping
reads, which allows the original genome to be assembled into contiguous sequence. 

Studying genomes and transcriptomes helps scientists understand the
inheritance of biological characteristics, developmental biology and normal and disease states of cells and organisms. Genetic variation
accounts for many of the differences between individuals, such as eye color and blood group, and also affects a person s susceptibility
to certain diseases such as cancer, heart disease or diabetes. Genetic variation can also determine a person s response to drug
therapies. 

A trend in healthcare is towards personalized medicine 
to enable more accurate diagnosis and treatment through better understanding of each individual patient s disease. We believe that
a greater understanding of the genome will lead to this new healthcare paradigm where diseases are understood at the molecular level,
allowing patients to be diagnosed according to genetic information, in many instances earlier and more accurately, and be treated with
drugs designed to work on specific molecular targets. The goal is to offer precision-personalized medicine that will identify disease
earlier, reduce healthcare costs, and enable more appropriate and effective treatment for better outcomes and quality of life. To date,
this has largely been done through genomic testing, which provides information about a patient s predisposition to disease or likely
response to medication, due to each individual s unique constellation of genes. However, DNA testing is, in most cases, a static
readout that does not change through a patient s lifetime or disease course. It does not provide information about the patient s
current health status. An increasing number of researchers, however, now believe the transcriptome provides dynamic information about
the current state of the body that can be used to assess health, to detect early signs of disease and to enable physicians to select the
appropriate treatment, monitor response to treatment and detect unwanted side effects. 

Cell-free Nucleic Acids as Disease Biomarkers: Most
of the DNA and RNA in the body are inside the cells, but a small amount of nucleic acids is also found in biological fluids such as blood,
saliva and urine. This material is generally referred to as cell-free DNA cfDNA and cell-free RNA cfRNA ).
Analysis of these free-floating molecules can lead to multiple applications such as early disease detection, drug selection and treatment
monitoring. For example, large amounts of cell-free DNA material might indicate a bacterial infection or sepsis in very early stages.
Cell-free DNA is typically derived from chromatin as intact nucleosomes, or histone-bound DNA, which can be analyzed in addition to solely
assessing DNA. Another such example is cfRNA analysis for detection, diagnosis and monitoring of malignant diseases such as cancer. The
cfRNA transcripts are differentially expressed between normal and cancerous tissues. These transcripts can be used as a reliable biomarker
for cancer screening and diagnostic applications. Analysis of cfRNA can be used to measure dynamic changes in the gene expression, allow
oncologists to evaluate disease status, predict outcomes from anti-tumoral therapies and monitor the disease after treatment. 

Sequencing Technologies: There are different sequencing technologies
available for sequencing genetic material, each producing the sequence data in a unique format. Some of the technologies produce millions
of sequence reads with a very short-read length, generally less than 300 nucleotide bases. These technologies are generally referred as
short-read NGS platforms. Other technologies produce several thousand sequence reads of a very long-read length, generally more than 1,000
nucleotide bases. These technologies are generally referred as long-read NGS platforms. Both, the short- as well as long-read NGS technologies
have their advantages in various settings. For de novo assembly of genomes and long RNA transcripts, the long contiguous
reads from the long-read NGS technologies are preferred. Generally, short-reads can be used to further fill in gaps in the data from longer
read technologies. For molecular counting application, a large number of independent reads from short-read NGS technologies are preferred.
RNA quantitation typically occurs after converting extracted RNA molecules into cDNA fragments using commercially available reverse transcriptase
as part of that process. This approach, within which there are a variety of methods, is loosely defined as RNA sequencing or RNA-Seq .
Different genes are present in varying amounts in biological samples, and the success of the technique is highly dependent on the dynamic
range of the detection technology. 

2 

Market Opportunity 

The market for our products and services is segmented into two major
categories, DNA NGS and RNA NGS, which, according to The Insight Partners, accounted for a combined addressable market opportunity of
approximately 1.03 billion in 2019 that is projected to grow to 5.26 billion by 2025 at a CAGR of 31.3 . 

DNA NGS market opportunity: According
to The Insight Partners DNA NGS Market Report 2019 , the global DNA NGS market is projected to grow from 6.82 billion in 2019 to
 22.72 billion in 2025 at a CAGR of 22.2 from 2019 to 2025. Our customers in the DNA NGS market largely consist of academic and research
institutes and forensic labs. Collectively, academic and research institutes and forensic labs, pathology labs and diagnostic centers
represent a projected 58.4 of the end-user market share in 2019. The versatility of the tSMS platform can be applied across our near-term
target segments of drug discovery, precision medicine and other novel applications. We intend to focus our commercialization efforts on
academic and research institutes and forensic labs in North America and Europe, and will eventually expand our efforts to the Asia Pacific
region. North America and Europe represented 69.9 of the global market in 2019. Our targeted end users, applications and regions for
DNA NGS offered an addressable market opportunity of 0.74 billion in 2019 that is projected to grow to 4.10 billion in 2025 at a CAGR
of 33.0 . 

RNA NGS market opportunity: According
to The Insight Partners NGS-based RNA Seq. Market Report 2019 , the global RNA NGS market is projected to grow from 1.63 billion
in 2019 to 4.96 billion in 2025 at a CAGR of 20.4 . We intend to leverage our simplified workflow, which reduces bias and misrepresentation
caused by various enzymatic steps that other technologies utilize, to accelerate market penetration. The RNA NGS market can be segmented
by products and services, end users, applications and sequencing technologies. Research and academic centers, pharmaceutical and biotech
companies, pathology labs, forensic labs and diagnostic centers represented a projected 76.7 share of the end users in 2019. Our simplified
and mature RNA sequencing approach will facilitate a broad application pool across diagnostics, drug discovery, precision medicine and
biomarker discovery field. We will offer RNA sequencing platform and sequencing kits, sequencing services and data analysis products featuring
our tSMS technology to such potential customers. Furthermore, we intend to focus on commercialization of our products in North America,
Europe and Asia Pacific regions, which collectively accounted for 81.2 of the global market geographically in 2019. Our targeted end
users, applications and regions for RNS NGS offered an addressable market opportunity of 0.29 billion in 2019 that is projected to grow
to 1.16 billion in 2025 at a CAGR of 26.2 . 

Limitations of Existing Technologies 

There are multiple short-read and long-read NGS technologies available
in the market that partially address the need for accurate and sensitive analysis of genetic information. These technologies can further
be classified based on the resolution of the technology as single-molecule sequencing technology and amplification-based technologies.
Most single-molecule sequencing technologies do not require amplification, though many of the long-read technologies still require complex
sample manipulation prior to sequencing. This is especially true for sequencing of RNA molecules. Over the past two decades, researchers
and clinicians have used these technologies to gain a deeper understanding of nucleic acids, to study biomarkers associated with disease,
to identify molecules for new drug discovery, to create novel applications for early screening and diagnosis, and more recently to create
genome-editing techniques. While researchers are making progress on various fronts by utilizing a combination of these technologies, there
remains a wide gap between the needs of the research community and the capabilities of existing sequencing tools. This gap is hindering
the advancement of scientific research. The inherent limitations of current technologies are summarized below: 

Biased results : Short-read NGS technology typically requires a large number of DNA molecules during the sequencing process. To generate enough DNA molecules, an amplification step is required during sample preparation. This amplification process can introduce errors known as amplification bias. The effect of this bias is that resulting copies are not uniformly representative of the original template DNA, causing skewed data representation in the final results. 

3 

Lower sensitivity : In cases where the original template DNA contains regions of relatively high G-C content or relatively high A-T content, the amplification process tends to under-represent these regions. As a result, these regions, which may contain entire genes, can be completely missed. The non-linear nature of the amplification thus limits its ability to detect subtle changes in the genetic signature. 

Inefficient library preparation : Many of our competitors use systems requiring multi-step sample preparation protocols to prepare sample libraries before sequencing. This library preparation technique is inefficient, capturing only a fraction of the informative input material. The process selectively captures the molecules that are present in large quantities while losing lower frequency molecules, thus not producing a true representation of the input material. The library preparation protocol limits the minimal amount of input sample. The library preparation steps also add significant burden on the sample preparation. 

Inadequate throughput : Applications such as transcriptome profiling, gene expression and biomarker discovery require accurate quantification of data. The long-read single molecule technologies fall short due to the smaller number of strand throughput required to substantiate the presence or absence of a biomarker in a specific sample. The short-read amplification technology is limited due to a skewed data representation caused by the non-linear amplification bias present in the workflow. 

Our Technology Solution 

Our tSMS platform offers a single molecule solution for DNA and RNA
sequencing by performing detection of nucleic acids without the need for complex sample manipulation. Researchers using our platform can
analyze many billions of single molecules in a single experiment and still generate highly accurate and reproducible data. We believe
our technology s critical advantage over other technologies is because our platform does not require the routine library preparation
steps, such as PCR amplification and ligation, necessary for use with most NGS systems, thereby avoiding systematic amplification bias.
RNA sequencing on our platform detects transcripts regardless of abundance and with high accuracy in quantifying gene expression changes
associated with certain disease as well as detecting subtle changes in RNA transcript levels that are undetectable with other methods. 

Our single molecule platform is unique because it combines a proprietary
fluorescence-based optical detection apparatus with a precision microfluidics and thermal control system to perform sequencing-by-synthesis,
as illustrated in Figure 1 below. 

Figure 1. tSMS Technology Workflow 

Our platform typically derives sequencing information directly from
the sample itself, not a copy of the sample. It does not require amplification at any stage of the process and offers simple, straightforward
sample preparation protocols. The technology uses a single-stranded DNA and RNA material with lengths that range from less than 20 bases
to more than 1000 bases as an input. The platform then captures the material on a glass surface and uses a patented fluorescence-based
optical detection apparatus combined with a precision microfluidics system to perform a sequencing-by-synthesis reaction on the input
sample. 

The single molecule fluorescence signal from millions of individual
strands is captured by images using a high-sensitivity camera during multiple cycles of nucleotide incorporation. Our powerful image analysis
system processes these images to produce the sequence data as an output. The output data contains millions of individual unique sequences
with the average read length of between 35 60 nucleotide bases, with a range of 20 100 nucleotide bases. This length is sufficient
to allow unambiguous identification of the origin of each sequence. 

Our system still requires isolation and preparation of DNA or RNA samples;
however, our system is adaptable to most purification and preparation kits and techniques that are currently available in the market and
no additional or special steps are required to prepare the samples for sequencing. 

4 

The single molecule resolution of the sequence data in association
with a sub-100 nucleotide base read length positions our platform as the only short-read single molecule sequencer commercially available
in the market. The amplification-based short-read technologies are already helping the scientists in the fields of research, diagnostics
and therapeutics. By giving the short-read technology the power of single molecule resolution, we believe our tSMS technology offers critical
advantages over existing technologies, including: 

Minimal Sample Preparation . Our tSMS platform offers a simple sample preparation process. The DNA strands are cut in shorter sizes, converted into single strands, and then tagged with a universal surface capture primer. By avoiding the complex multi-step library preparation method, the sample integrity is preserved, and the bias and errors in the sequence data output exhibited by other methods are avoided. The simplicity of our sample preparation workflow and its effect on the output data variance, compared to NGS data produced by an Illumina system, is illustrated in Figure 2 below. [ van den Oever et. al. (Clinical Chemistry, April 2012) ]. 

Figure 2. tSMS vs Amplification-based Technologies
Workflow 

Greater Sensitivity . Our tSMS platform offers a high level of sensitivity as each strand is identified and synthesized irrespective of its abundance in the sample. In the existing amplification-based technologies, low expressing transcripts are typically masked due to preferences and may be missed or have their numbers minimized in the final data analysis. The simplified sample preparation along with single molecule resolution facilitates the unbiased, proportionate representation of input sample, even of the low expressing transcripts and constructs. This allows for obtaining more accurate information earlier (for potential clinical treatments or decisions to be made sooner). Figure 3 below illustrates that the tSMS platform identified low-expression transcripts missed by the standard PCR-based methodology when using Illumina. The lowest expressed quartile of transcripts was detected with our tSMS technology at a 7.10x rate compared to a leading NGS platform [Sam LT, Lipson D, Raz T, et al. A Comparison of Single Molecule and Amplification Based Sequencing of Cancer Transcriptomes. PLoS One. 2011]. 

Figure 3. tSMS Improves Detection of Lowest
Expressed Genes 

High Accuracy . Our tSMS platform provides an accurate set of data and results as well as a broader range of molecules to be evaluated. The ability to count each individual molecule, combined with simplified sample preparation and greater sample sensitivity, yields an accurate quantitative representation of sample in the final data. Our technology has been demonstrated to produce robust accurate short-reads for a variety of applications. 

5 

Seamless Flexibility . Our tSMS platform provides flexibility in two main aspects throughput and applications. The tSMS platform has the ability to scale the throughput across a range of small to large projects. The programmable instrument workflow and modular design of sequencing kits provide flexibility to choose the sample coverage and read length required for the final data. The simplified sample preparation allows for analysis of any genetic material that can be attached to a glass surface. 

Our Gene Sequencing Methodology 

The patented tSMS technology is the essence of our tSMS platform. The
gene sequencing methodology takes genetic material as input and produces sequence data as an output through sequentially processing the
following five major steps. 

1. 
 Sample preparation : A double helix strand is cut into fragments of 100 200 nucleotides in length. In the case of cfDNA and cfRNA material, this step is not necessary as cell-free strands are generally short and fit the profile of the input material. The strand fragments are then denatured to a single strand, and a poly-A universal priming sequence is added to one end of each strand as shown in the following figure. 

2. 
 Sample loading : The strands are hybridized in a flow cell with billions of universal Oligo T capture sites mobilized on the flow cell surface. The tSMS method typically utilizes a dT50 primer to initiate sequencing from a 3 poly-A tail, although other capture primers may be used to increase the specificity of sample hybridization. 

3. 
 Template registration : Once hybridized, a Fill Lock step fills up the rest of the open bases from the poly-A tail followed by the addition of fluorescently labelled nucleotides to the start of the strand. A laser illuminates the flow cell and the camera records the location of each captured sample strand. The flow cell is moved in sequential steps to allow the camera to cover its entire active area. The dye molecules are then cleaved and washed away. 

6 

4. 
 tSMS sequencing-by-synthesis : 

a. 
 Synthesis : DNA polymerase enzyme and the first of the four types of novel fluorescently labelled nucleotides are added. If the nucleotide is complementary to the next base in the template strand, the polymerase will add it to the primer strand. The nucleotides are designed to inhibit the polymerase from incorporating more than one base at a time on the same strand. 

b. 
 Wash : Excess polymerase and unincorporated nucleotides are then washed away. This step ensures that only the incorporated nucleotides are available for fluorescence imaging. 

c. 
 Image : The narrow bandwidth laser illuminates the flow cell surface to excite the fluorescently labelled nucleotides. The camera records the locations where fluorescently labelled nucleotides were added. 

d. 
 Cleave : The fluorescent dye molecules are then cleaved from the labelled nucleotides and washed away. This step ensures that these molecules are fluoresced only for that particular nucleotide addition cycle. 

The process is repeated with each of the four types of labelled nucleotides
until a desired sequence length is reached. As an example, repeating this cycle 120 times adds an average of more than 33 nucleotides
to the primer strand. In sequencing, this is known as the read length. 

5. 
 Data processing : The image analysis computer analyzes the series of images from each cycle and determines the sequence of bases in the template strand. The sequence is read by correlating the position of a fluorescent molecule in its vertical track with the knowledge of which base was added at that cycle. The sequence data is packaged in standard sequencing data formats for further bioinformatics analysis. 

7 

Our True Single Molecule Sequencer (tSMS) 

Described above is our gene sequencing methodology using our tSMS single
molecule sequencing platform. It combines a simplified operation with powerful capabilities to directly sequence original samples of RNA
and DNA consisting of major components: 

1. 
 Sequencing Kit : The flow cells and reagents are the major components of a sequencing kit that the instrument needs at the start of every new run. The custom flow cell features 25 discrete flow channels, and each channel of the flow cell has millions of capture probes deposited on the cover glass. The sequencing samples are loaded into the flow cell channels using the sample loader. The sequencing run can sequence up to two flow cells in a single run. The reagent kit for the sequencing run consists of custom pre-packaged bottles that store proprietary tSMS chemistry reagents and wash buffers for the system. All of the flow cells and reagent kits are barcoded, so the sequencer can scan and store the barcodes as a part of the experiment setup procedure. 

8 

2. 
 Sample Loader : The sample loader facilitates loading the billions of tailed single strands onto the glass surface of the standard 25 channel flow cell. A temperature-controlled chamber improves the hybridization efficiency and houses a mechanism to hold a standard flow cell used in the system. The proprietary sample loading block design helps to keep the transfer volume to near zero microliter, while the system offers precision control of loading the sample in 25 discrete channels without any cross-contamination. The input material volume for the sample loader can be as little as 20 microliters. 

3. 
 tSMS Sequencer : The sequencer accepts up to two flow cells for a sequencing run, allowing sequencing of up to 50 individual samples in a single run. The benchtop sequencer is a fully-automated device that combines a Total Internal Reflection Fluorescence (TIRF) microscopy technique with a high-precision, temperature-controlled microfluidics system. The microfluidics system houses the reagent kit required to perform tSMS chemistry, and uses high-precision pumps and valves to formulate the chemistry just-in-time for delivery to the flow cell chamber during each chemistry cycle. The two-flow cell design maximizes the machine utilization by performing the chemistry cycle on one flow cell while the other flow cell is going through the imaging cycle, and vice-a versa. The flow cells are mounted on a high-speed, high-accuracy multi-axis stage that moves the flow cell along the channel with nanometer grade precision. The high-power optics system consists of a narrow bandwidth laser to provide the excitation signal, while the high-fidelity imaging system uses a highly sensitive camera for capturing the single molecule signal emitted by the fluorophores. All of these subsystem operations are integrated and controlled by an on-board computer in a completely automated fashion over the course of the run. A simple touch screen based graphical user interface walks the user through an intuitive run setup. A typical run on the sequencer captures three to six million images containing information about billions of individual single molecules in the strands. 

4. 
 Image Analysis Engine : The image analysis engine processes the images captured by the sequencer camera, aligns them with the template image at individual position, and creates the sequence data file to be used for further bioinformatics analysis. It features a high-power CPU array with large storage capacity hard drives specifically designed for intensive image analysis and storage purposes. The image analysis engine runs parallel to the camera, processing the images as soon as the camera starts imaging the flow cell. The image analysis engine software monitors the instrument status and automatically uploads the sequence data at the end of the run at a user-configurable network location. 

The instrument has a web-based interface for remote monitoring that
updates the key sequencing metrics and the instrument status in real time. The database system of the instrument stores the detailed logs
for both record keeping and troubleshooting purposes. 

Markets for Our Technology 

The initial target market for our instruments and research services
has been the life sciences research and development market where we provide solutions for a variety of applications, including biomarker
discovery and diagnostic assay developments. This market includes laboratories associated with universities, scientific research centers,
government institutions, and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. 

Our tSMS technology platform produces data with potential diagnostic
implications, detecting biomarkers for cardiovascular diseases and various types of cancer, and offers an optimal solution for use in
sequencing applications. We anticipate using these strengths to capture a portion of the growing multi-billion dollar NGS market. We strive
to build and control intellectual property around the instruments, sequencing kits and methods that enable these applications to strengthen
our market position. The major consumers of the NGS include academic and government institutes, hospitals and medical centers, pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, non-profit research organizations and agrigenomics organizations. 

9 

Introduction of new technologies and products, while positive to the
overall development of these markets, may result in greater competition for the limited financial resources available. There are a number
of emerging markets for sequencing-based technologies that represent significant potential opportunities for us, such as but not limited
to: 

Life sciences research and development: NGS technologies are accelerating the discovery and development of more effective new drugs. The complex nature of biological pathways, disease mechanisms and multiple drug targets requires an accurate, unbiased, and sensitive molecular counting platform. Single molecule sequencing, with its unparalleled quantitative accuracy in large-scale expression profiling could enable high-throughput screening of promising drug leads. During clinical trials, our technology could potentially be used for companion diagnostics to generate individual genetic profiles that can provide valuable information on likely response to therapy, toxicology or risk of adverse events. The tSMS platform may also enable more precise selection of patient pools and individualization of therapy. 

Liquid biopsy: Liquid biopsy is emerging as a simple and non-invasive alternative to the traditional tissue biopsy approach for disease screening and monitoring. A simple draw of blood contains millions of tiny fragments of cell-free DNA/RNA material with lengths on the order of 100 200bp, which carry informative signatures of cancer and other life-threatening diseases even in a very early stage of the disease progression. With its quantitative accuracy, simple sample preparation methodology, and its ability to accurately sequence fragmented short molecules, our single molecule sequencing offers an excellent solution for liquid biopsy. 

Infectious disease: Infectious diseases are disorders caused by bacteria, viruses and fungi. These organisms contain DNA and RNA that act as infectious agents to transmit disease from person to person, by insect or animal, or through food and environmental means. The detection and sequencing of the DNA and RNA from pathogens provides medically actionable information for diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of infections. Accurate sequence information could also help to predict drug resistance. 

Clinical diagnostics: Our amplification and ligation free sequencing method allows us to identify subtle changes in the RNA transcript levels that are undetectable with other methods presumably due to bias and loss of low-level transcripts inherent to the other technologies. The power of our tSMS technology can help to address the large unmet need for biomarker discovery to diagnose diseases such as cardiovascular diseases and cancer at very early stages. The potential of our technology for bio-marker discovery is illustrated in Figure 4 below, where tSMS RNA-seq was utilized to identify RNA-based gene expression changes associated with ADHD [McCaffrey TA, St Laurent G 3 rd , Shtokalo D, et al. Biomarker Discovery in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: RNA Sequencing of Whole Blood in Discordant Twin and Case-controlled Cohorts. BMC Med Genomics . 2020]. Further studies offer the opportunity for validating future diagnostics applications. 

10 

Figure 4. Biomarker Discovery in ADHD using tSMS
RNA-seq 

Microbiome analysis: Microbial communities in and on the body show uniform bacterial diversity in healthy individuals. Drugs and diet can disrupt the microbial diversity, and thereby can affect disease progression and treatment efficacy. Our technology can accurately quantify the gene signature for all bacteria present and capture a real-time snapshot of the microbiome. This data can be used by physicians for disease treatment by applying methods to encourage growth of beneficial microbes and eliminate harmful microbes. 

These examples of emerging markets for sequencing-based technologies
represent significant potential opportunities for us. The development of these markets is subject to variability driven by ongoing changes
in the competitive landscape, evolving regulatory requirements, government funding of research and development activities, and macroeconomic
conditions. Given the ability of the tSMS platform to sequence nucleic acid fragments as well as to detect post-translational modifications
within larger chromatin molecules, we believe our technology is uniquely positioned to produce data from molecules at both ends of the
single molecule nucleic acid spectrum. This concept, and the technology leaders for each single molecule market segment, is illustrated
in Figure 5 below, with our potential applications highlighted in blue font. 

Figure 5. Illustrative Single Molecule Nucleic
Acid Landscape 

Our Business Strategy 

Our mission is to empower researchers with improved genetic tools that
enable scientists and physicians to better understand the molecular mechanisms of disease and the underlying biological systems. This
knowledge is essential to the continued development of new approaches and breakthroughs in genomic medicine that address critical concerns
relating to today s precision medicine efforts. 

11 

Our strategy is to integrate our tSMS platform with the development
of novel applications across multiple market segments, and to generate revenue through partnership-specific systems and sequencing kit
sales, research services and research grants. We strive to build and control intellectual property around the instruments, sequencing
kits and methods that enable these applications to strengthen our market position. Integral to this strategy will be to work with existing
customers in developing new instruments optimized for specific assay and chemistry performance in order to support a wide array of applications.
Figure 6 below summarizes three priority areas of research and development for current and potential collaborations. 

Figure 6. Three Priority Areas of Research and
Development 

Our target customers are consumers of NGS products and services engaged
in research activities and the development of new or improved products, such as academic and government institutions, hospitals and medical
centers, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and non-profit research organizations. 

We have generated only nominal revenues to date from our current operating
model and we do not expect our revenues to scale significantly until one or more of our customers or third-party partners or collaborators
has developed application-specific assays or tests for which our platform serves as a foundation. Over the longer term, we expect to generate
revenues from our customers, partners and collaborators through a combination of product sales, research services and research grants.
We plan to expand these revenues from recurring and prospective clients by the following key strategies: 

Provide the scientific community with a combination of research services and instrumentation to serve markets that we believe are inadequately addressed by existing technologies. 

Assist in the development of new classes of RNA-based diagnostics tests. 

Collaborate with researchers to enhance pharmacogenomics and biomarker discovery. 

Support drug developers seeking a better understanding of the side effects of their new drugs. 

Continue to innovate and develop new aspects of our products and technology, applications and instrumentation through scientific collaborations, including grants. 

Leverage our expertise and the broad applicability of our tSMS platform to grow into new markets through strategic collaborations, partnerships, existing data sets, and customers. 

Maintain a strong culture and network of technical resources while continuously attracting new talent to build an industry leading single molecule solutions company. 

12 

Our Customers and Collaborators 

Our customer base is focused on academic research, biomarker discovery,
and molecular diagnostic product development. These customers over the years have produced scientific achievements through collaborative
research efforts. The majority of our current customers are early adopters of genomics technology including tSMS. A significant portion
of the funding for these developing technologies has historically come from research grants provided by government agencies and non-profit
research centers. We often collaborate with customers to drive innovation in the field of genomic sciences through grant funded research
activities. Our key collaborators and our current activities are highlighted below: 

U.S. Department of Justice s Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI) 

In February, we announced the establishment of a two-year Cooperative
Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with the FBI. Under this CRADA, SeqLL and the FBI Laboratory Division (FBI LD) will seek to
evaluate and determine the forensic capabilities of direct RNA sequencing using our tSMS platform. The FBI LD and SeqLL will collaborate
with a goal of producing an assay for forensic body fluid identification, without compromising traditional STR or DNA sequence analysis.
This agreement is among the first times the FBI is utilizing the CRADA mechanism to further develop laboratory capabilities. CRADAs enable
the sharing of resources and expertise for collaborative research that advances the FBI mission. Body fluid identification can provide
investigative context and have probative value. 

The Bernstein Laboratory 

We have worked closely with the lab of Bradley Bernstein, M.D., Ph.D.,
Chair of Cancer Biology at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School to address fundamental questions in chromatin biology
and epigenetic regulation. Dr. Bernstein is also the founder and Director of the Broad Institute Epigenomics Program. Scientists
from the Broad Institute have used antibody-based detection coupled with tSMS to begin decoding a dual-marking system in modified histones
that signals for a gene to be activated or repressed. Early results, published in Science , suggest differentiated cells exhibit
different patterns of bivalent markings than embryonic cells. Our collaboration encompasses technology development, single-cell
RNA and DNA analysis, and the creation of novel intellectual property. In addition to completing NIH grant funded research activities,
we have provided Dr. Bernstein with tSMS systems and onsite support. In 2021, we published a single-cell RNA focused technology development
manuscript in the Peer-reviewed journal, Cell Report. 

The Ting Laboratory 

We have been a long-time research collaborator with David Ting, M.D.,
Assistant Professor, Medicine at Harvard Medical School and a leading member at the Dana Farber/Harvard Cancer Center in using tSMS to
better understand cancer. His research is focused on the role of non-coding RNA transcription in cancer as it relates to tumorigenesis
and as novel biomarkers. In this research area, the Ting Laboratory was first to discover aberrant overexpression of pericentromeric RNA
repeats by RNA-seq using tSMS, which were found to play a significant role in pancreatic cancer and other epithelial cancers [Bersani,
 PNAS , December 2015]. This discovery resulted in new intellectual property related to pancreatic cancer biomarkers and the subsequent
founding of Rome Therapeutics, an early-stage company focused on unlocking the repeatome to discover powerful new classes of medicines
for cancer and autoimmune diseases. We have provided Dr. Ting with tSMS systems and onsite support, research services, and access to sample
preparation methodologies. 

The Jackson Laboratory for Genomic Medicine 

Led by Chia-Lin Wei, Ph.D. with The Jackson Laboratory JAX and supported by a recent four-year, 2.3 million grant from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences, we are assisting in the
development of new methods for chromatin interaction analysis in single nuclei, with single-molecule resolution. JAX has stated that preliminary
results indicate that, once fully developed, the methods under development have the potential to exceed previous methodologies and to
revolutionize the field of three-dimensional 3D genome biology. Our research grant efforts, including instrument prototype
and sequencing kit development, are continuing and will focus on generating genome-wide, single-molecule chromatin interaction maps in
a variety of biological systems and uncovering the structural detail of multiplex chromatin loci that are currently unresolvable given
standard NGS. We developed a prototype system in the second half of 2021 and utilized this system for sample testing and data generation
in 2022. 

Weizmann Institute of Science 

In partnership with the laboratory of Efrat Shema, Ph.D., we have
recently developed and applied innovative single-molecule technologies to gain a deeper understanding of chromatin regulation. We are
working to establish robust single-molecule systems for genome-wide profiling of combinatorial chromatin and DNA modifications, as well
as development of novel therapeutic and diagnostic tools. We published multiple manuscripts in 2022, including H3-K27M-mutant
nucleosomes interact with MLLI to shape the glioma epigenetic landscape in Cell Reports and Multiplexed, single-molecule,
epigenetic analysis of plasma-isolated nucleosomes for cancer diagnostics in Nature Biotechnology. We have provided the
Weizmann Institute with access to prototype sequencing systems, sequencing kits, and sample preparation methodologies. 

13 

True Bearing Diagnostics, Inc. 

We have participated in a research collaboration with Timothy McCaffrey,
Ph.D. of The George Washington University s Center of Genomic Medicine and True Bearing Diagnostics, Inc, performing tSMS on whole-blood
RNA to identify transcripts associated with coronary artery disease CAD ). In comparison to other platforms that include
NGS technologies, only our tSMS platform could consistently identify the novel mRNA signature in CAD patients. We believe this collaboration
will provide the blueprint for a diagnostic test that could significantly reduce the more than one million U.S. catheterizations that
are performed annually at a cost of approximately 20 billion per year. A scientific manuscript detailing biomarker discovery efforts
for CAD was published in a 2021 peer reviewed journal. We have provided True Bearing Diagnostics with research services and access to
sample preparation methodologies. Potential future work includes the development of a CAD-focused clinical system for regulatory clearance. 

Tetracore, Inc. 

Tetracore, Inc. focuses on antibody-based and nucleic acid-based detection
reagents and technologies, and contracts with the U.S. Government for the development of real-time PCR diagnostic tests for biological
warfare threat agents, novel nucleic acid extraction procedures, and specialized nucleic acid products. We have provided Tetracore with
tSMS systems and onsite support. We are actively preparing applications for submission to the NIH, DARPA and other funding agencies regarding
the use of our technology in the development and production of detection tools. These potential products, including non-NGS applications,
are for clinical, animal health, and domestic preparedness testing. 

Future Products 

We expect to partner or collaborate with biotech and pharma companies
to develop a clinical-grade tSMS sequencer for use with one or more diagnostic tests. We intend for our partners to commercialize diagnostic
tests for applications for which the tSMS platform offers accurate diagnostic capability, such as non-invasive prenatal testing for early
pregnancy and high-body-mass-index-mothers, liquid biopsy for oncology applications, microbiome analysis, and transcriptome-based diagnostics
for cardiovascular disease, infectious disease and others. We will look to increase industry visibility and expand our reach globally
for both sequencing services and instrument sales through strategic customer relationships and partnerships with larger organizations
that can increase global support, supply and distribution. Through those partnerships, we plan to identify new, high-value, cutting-edge
applications that are uniquely enabled by our amplification-free, direct DNA and RNA sequencing technology. 

The accuracy, sensitivity and simplicity of the tSMS platform allows
the technology to be applied for developing assays and instruments used for quality control of manufactured therapeutic products, including
gene therapy and vaccine technologies. We plan to explore commercial-stage partnerships with therapeutics companies interested in accessing
our tSMS platform. 

As our partners or collaborators expand their product lines to address
the diagnosis of disease, regulation by governmental authorities in the United States will become an increasingly significant factor
in development, testing, production and marketing. Products developed for the diagnostics market, depending on their intended use, may
be regulated as in vitro diagnostics by the FDA. Each medical device to be distributed commercially in the United States will likely
require either 510(k) clearance or approval of a pre-market approval application (PMA) from the FDA prior to marketing the device for
in-vitro diagnostic use. Clinical trials related to regulatory submissions may take years to complete and represent a significant expense.
The 510(k) clearance pathway usually takes from three to 12 months, but can take longer. The PMA pathway is more costly, lengthy and uncertain,
and can take from one to three years, or longer. 

We have not sought FDA approval of our sequencers because to-date
we have marketed them for research purposes and not for clinical diagnostics. Through our partners or collaborators, we will likely need
to assist in pursuing regulatory approvals from the FDA when they attempt to enter the diagnostics market, which is expensive, involves
a high degree of risk and there is no assurance that we will be able to develop a commercially viable product. Even if the products under
development are authorized and approved by the FDA, our partners or collaborators must still meet the challenges of successful marketing,
distribution and customer acceptance. 

14 

Marketing, Sales, Service and Support 

Our business model is focused on offering our customers and collaborators
access to our tSMS technology in order to drive comprehensive and reliable solutions that enhance acceptance, customer loyalty and confidence,
revenue growth and shareholder value. We plan to focus on addressing specific markets for which there are not currently adequate solutions.
This will require education and demonstration of added value by helping customers and collaborators meet program timelines, providing
data that supports their programs, and implementing custom solutions to meet each customer s specific objectives. We currently generate
revenue by selling to existing customers and through collaborative, research-focused efforts that create additional sales and growth opportunities. 

To achieve recurring growth for our research services revenues and
drive new value creation, we are implementing the following initiatives to increase market awareness of the tSMS platform: 

Defining our value proposition in terms of commercial value and solution to customer needs, as related to platform flexibility, speed to solution, and comprehensive quality of the genetic information provided. 

Creating
new literature that highlights our technology, instruments and capabilities. This includes brochures, white papers, application notes,
case studies, and solution s value proposition marketing material. 

Implementing
new customer facing programs including trade show participation, posters and presentations to showcase the solutions for commercial needs,
and attending scientific conferences that publish the research data from the tSMS platform. 

Expanding
visibility in segment verticals with segment organization participation and by creating integrated training and education programs as
a part of instrument sales and the training process. 

Furthering
research collaborations with key opinion leaders to address critical, high potential needs and publish the findings in the peer-reviewed
scientific journals. 

We believe this approach maximizes value to our customers and shareholders
by supporting the largest possible number of customers. 

Manufacturing 

We have the capability to manufacture the required sequencing kits
and instrumentation at our own manufacturing facility. We believe manufacturing all system components internally results in greater trade
secret protection for our proprietary formulations and mechanics, a higher degree of customer satisfaction in our research business, and
lower production costs. In the future, we may outsource some of the non-proprietary reagents and basic instrumentation sub-assemblies
for parallel inventory production ramp-ups. Relationships to various contract manufacturing organizations have already been established
and we believe several are prepared to provide these services once production demand exceeds internal capacity. 

Our current manufacturing staff is comprised of a team of
engineers and technicians each having more than 10 years of experience with the tSMS product line. The
manufacturing team has deep experience with the tSMS platform and has the ability to adapt to future needs on both the hardware and
sequencing kits. In addition, this group has experience in FDA product clearance and working in an FDA regulated environment. The
team has been involved in manufacturing commercially available tSMS instruments since its original design and subsequent production
in 2008. 

We are planning to establish a controlled manufacturing process and
environment, and to implement standards according to the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), 5S lean manufacturing methodology,
and other lean techniques. We also plan to create work cells for efficiency and material control for both sequencing kits and instrumentation.
Implementation of quality assurance in manufacturing documentation and processes is one of our top priorities as we continue the path
toward releasing a clinical grade tSMS sequencer that is compatible with the FDA clearance process. 

We believe our current facilities are adequate and we have additional
room to expand to meet our manufacturing needs for the foreseeable future. 

15 

Research and Development 

Our research and development efforts focus on maintaining our advantage
in single molecule sequencing. These efforts leverage our team s involvement and continuing development of the tSMS technology for
over a decade. The tSMS technology blends a number of scientific disciplines, including optics, micro-fluidics, biochemistry and molecular
biology, systems engineering, and bioinformatics. Over the years, we have continuously established strong relationships with technology
leaders and leading academic centers that augment and complement our internal research and development efforts. 

Some of our research and development accomplishments include: 

Production
of a second generation tSMS sequencer in benchtop form-factor; 

Optimized
sample preparation, flow cell and reagent tSMS processes; 

Innovated
machine-learning methods-based image analysis algorithms; 

Co-authored
multiple publications in scientific journals; and 

Received
multiple National Institutes of Health grant awards for technology development. 

We plan to continue our investment in research and development to enhance
the performance and expand the application base of our current products, and to introduce additional products based on our technology.
In addition, our engineering team will continue their focus on increasing instrument component and system reliability, reducing costs,
and implementing additional system flexibility and versatility through the enhancement of existing products and development of new products. 

Competition 

Given the market opportunity, there are a significant number of competing
companies offering gene sequencing equipment or sequencing kits. These include Illumina, Inc., Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc.,
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Singular Genomics System, Inc., Element Biosciences, Inc., Ultima Genomics, Inc., and Oxford Nanopore
Technologies, Ltd. We believe we are uniquely positioned among the competition to be the only company offering high strand throughput
with the power of single molecule resolution. 

Our competitors have greater financial, technical, research and/or
other resources than we do. These companies also have larger and more established manufacturing capabilities and marketing, sales and
support functions. We expect the competition to intensify within this market. The increased competition may result in pricing pressures,
which could harm our sales, profitability or market share. In order for us to successfully compete against these companies, we will need
to demonstrate that our products deliver superior performance and value. We will also need to continually improve the breadth and depth
of current and future products and applications. 

Intellectual Property 

Developing and maintaining a strong intellectual property position
is an important element of our business. We maintain the intellectual property through a combination of licenses, patent protection and
trade secrets. 

16 

We have sought, and will continue to seek, patent protection for our
technology, for improvements to our technology, as well as for any of our other technologies for which we believe such protection will
be advantageous. In 2013, as part of the Helicos bankruptcy proceedings, we entered into the following non-exclusive license agreements: 

License Agreement with Helicos Biosciences Corporation. Our
tSMS technology has been in development since 2004 at Helicos Biosciences Corporation Helicos ), which pioneered the first
generation tSMS technology resulting in its commercialization as the HeliScope Genetic Analysis System. In 2013, Daniel Jones, a former
scientist at Helicos and our current Chief Executive Officer, formed our company to further the development of tSMS. We then purchased
much of our physical assets from Helicos, including, among other items, sequencers, laboratory equipment, internal servers, protocols
and data analysis procedures, through Helicos bankruptcy proceedings that began in 2012. 

In 2013, we entered into, and since such date fully paid for, a non-exclusive,
royalty-free license from Helicos, for the life of such patents, for over 60 patents, all but eight of which have since expired or
been abandoned, covering key areas of our technology, including design, methods and chemistry. As part of the Helicos bankruptcy proceedings,
Fluidigm Corporation, a U.S. public company engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of biological research equipment based on integrated
fluid circuit technology, obtained the rights to this patent portfolio. The license grants to us the right to use or sell throughout the
world products or processes based upon the intellectual property covered by the licensed patents in the field of contract gene sequencing,
and prohibits us from sublicensing the intellectual property to any third party or to make any assignment of the license. The license
may be terminated by Fluidigm in the event we sub-license or assign any of the intellectual to a third party; however, we have the right
to use the patented technology in connection with any partnership or collaboration in which we have at least a 50 ownership interest.
In addition, Fluidigm has a right to terminate the license in the event Daniel Jones, our Chief Executive Officer, fails to continue to
work full time for us or if we fail to use reasonable care in the investigation, testing or solicitation of government approvals with
respect to the intellectual property. In addition, the license will automatically terminate in the event we dissolve, cease to conduct
business, file a petition for bankruptcy, assign all of our assets to a receiver or trustee or in the event we have an involuntary bankruptcy
petition initiated against us that is not dismissed within 60 days. This license is provided to us on an as is basis only
and without any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the intellectual property and the use thereof. In addition,
Fluidigm has no obligation under the license agreement to prosecute any patent application or to maintain any rights to the intellectual
property by payment of any fees to any governmental agency. While the remaining patents comprising this patent portfolio are expected
to expire in 2025 through 2028, as this patent portfolio has been broadly licensed, we do not expect such expirations to have a material
adverse effect upon our business operations. 

Sub-License Agreement with Helicos Biosciences Corporation. As
part of the Helicos bankruptcy proceeding, Arizona Science and Technology Enterprises LLC AzTE agreed that Helicos could
sub-license to us the license agreement between Helicos and AzTE with respect to 10 patents owned by AzTE for the life of such patents.
All of the patents under this sublicense have since expired. 

We have two pending patent applications, one filed in 2021 and the
other filed in 2022. We received a Notice of Allowance regarding our previous patent application 15/754.222. In October 2022, the USPTO
notified us that the related patent term adjustment was 779 days. Our issued and pending patents cover various aspects of our sequencing
technology, and we expect to continue to file new patent applications to protect the improvements to our technologies. 

We have registered our corporate name (SeqLL) and design logo, as well
as the phrase tSMS and DRS . We protect trade secrets, know-how, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as continuing
technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. Our success depends in part on
obtaining patent protection for our products and processes, preserving trade secrets, patents, copyrights and trademarks, operating without
infringing the proprietary rights of third parties, and acquiring licenses for technology or products. 

17 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had seven employees. None of our employees
are represented by a collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced any work stoppage. We believe we have good relations
with our employees. 

Properties and Facilities 

On February 2, 2022, we entered into a new lease agreement for approximately
15,538 square feet of corporate office and laboratory space in Billerica, Massachusetts. The lease has a term of 92 months with the rent
escalating from 14,317 to 26,453 per month over the lease term. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may be involved in various disputes and litigation
matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are currently not a party to any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information appearing elsewhere in this
report, including our financial statements, the notes thereto and the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of the following
risks could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and future growth
prospects, as well as our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. As a result, the trading price of our securities could decline,
and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business operations and stock price. 

As we have incurred recurring losses and negative operating cash
flows since our inception, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue as a going concern absent additional financing, which
we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms or at all. 

We have incurred net losses since our incorporation in 2014 and we
cannot be certain if or when we will produce sufficient revenue from our operations to support our costs. Even if profitability is achieved
in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability on a consistent basis. We expect to continue to incur substantial losses and
negative cash flow from operations for the foreseeable future. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future
profitable operations from the sale of future sequencing products. 

Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number
of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to raise additional capital
when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue our operations or obtain funds by
entering into agreements on unattractive terms, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our
relationships with third parties with whom we have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained. If we do not
have sufficient funds to continue operations, we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that would likely
result in our stockholders losing some or all of their investment in us. 

We do not have any credit facilities as a source of future funds,
and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. We may seek
additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financing and strategic collaborations. If we
raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders
could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
stockholders. Debt financing, if obtained, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take
specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, could increase our expenses and require that our assets secure such debt. Moreover,
any debt we incur must be repaid regardless of our operating results. 

18 

We are an early, commercial-stage company with a limited operating
history. 

We were incorporated in 2014 and we have had limited sales to date.
As such, we have limited historical financial data upon which to base our projected revenue, planned operating expenses or upon which
to evaluate us and our commercial prospects. Based on our limited experience in developing and marketing our existing products and services
as well as launching new products, we may not be able to effectively: 

drive
adoption of our current and future products and services; 

attract
and retain customers for our products and services; 

provide
appropriate levels of customer training and support for our products and services; 

implement
an effective marketing strategy to promote awareness of our products and services; 

develop,
manufacture and commercialize new products or achieve an acceptable return on our manufacturing or research and development efforts and
expenses; 

anticipate
and adapt to changes in our market or predict future performance; 

accommodate
customer expectations and demands with respect to our products and services; 

grow
our market share by marketing and selling our products and services to new and additional market segments; 

maintain
and develop strategic relationships with vendors and manufacturers to acquire necessary materials for the production of our existing
or future products; 

adapt
or scale our manufacturing activities to meet potential demand at a reasonable cost; 

avoid
infringement and misappropriation of third-party intellectual property; 

obtain
any necessary licenses to third-party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms; 

obtain
valid and enforceable patents that give us a competitive advantage; 

protect
our proprietary technology; and 

attract,
retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

If our tSMS sequencing instruments or sequencing services fail
to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, we will not generate expected revenue and our business may not succeed. 

We cannot be sure that our current or future tSMS sequencers or services
will gain acceptance in the marketplace at levels sufficient to support our costs. We must successfully develop and commercialize our
technology for use in a variety of life sciences and other applications. Even if we are able to implement our technology and develop products
successfully, we and/or our sales and distribution partners may fail to achieve or sustain market acceptance of our products across the
full range of our intended life science and other applications. Our sequencing instruments require sequencing kits in order to produce
sequencing data at sufficient levels to generate expected revenue. We will have to increase our internal capabilities and to collaborate
with other partners in order to successfully expand sales of our sequencing kits in the markets we seek to reach, which we may be unable
to do at the scale required to support our business. 

Our research and development efforts may not result in the benefits
we anticipate, and our failure to successfully market, sell and commercialize our current and future sequencing instruments and services
products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have dedicated significant resources to developing sequencing instruments
and services. We are also engaged in substantial and complex research and development efforts, such as Direct RNA Sequencing (DRS ),
single cell sequencing, biomarker discovery, and epigenetic modification detection, which, if successful, may result in the introduction
of new products in the future. Our research and development efforts are complex and require us to incur substantial expenses. We may
not be able to develop and commercialize new products, or achieve an acceptable return, if any, on our research and development efforts
and expenses. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to develop and manufacture future sequencing instruments and applications
as a result of our research and development efforts, or that we will be able to market, sell and commercialize the products that result
from our research and development efforts. We will need to expand our internal capabilities and seek new partnerships or collaborations
in order to successfully market, sell and commercialize the sequencing instruments and applications that we have developed in the markets
we seek to reach. 

19 

The pioneer of our tSMS technology, Helicos Biosciences Corporation,
was unable to successfully commercialize its tSMS product offerings and there can be no assurance that the business strategy that we have
developed and are pursuing to commercialize our tSMS offerings will be successful. 

Our tSMS technology has been in development since 2004 at Helicos Biosciences
Corporation Helicos ), which pioneered the first generation tSMS technology resulting in its commercialization as the HeliScope
Genetic Analysis System. Helicos was unable to successfully commercialize its product offerings and filed for protection under Chapter
11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in 2012. In 2013, Daniel Jones, a former scientist at Helicos and our current Chief Executive
Officer, formed our company to further the development of tSMS. We then purchased much of our physical assets from Helicos, including,
among other items, sequencers, laboratory equipment, internal servers, protocols and data analysis procedures, through Helicos 
bankruptcy proceedings. While we believe we have developed and are pursuing a unique business strategy for our company that is distinguishable
from the business strategy that was pursued by Helicos, there can be no assurance that our business strategy will be successful or that
we will ultimately be profitable. If our current or future tSMS sequencers or services do not gain acceptance in the marketplace, our
business and financial condition would be harmed, and you could lose all or a portion of your investment in our securities. 

If we are unable to successfully develop and timely manufacture
our sequencing instruments and reagents, our business may be adversely affected. 

In light of the highly complex technologies involved in our sequencing
products, including instruments and reagents, there can be no assurance that we will be able to manufacture and commercialize our new
sequencing instruments and reagents on a timely basis or provide adequate support for such products. The commercial success of our sequencers
and reagents depends on a number of factors, including performance and reliability, our anticipating and effectively addressing customer
preferences and demands, the success of our sales and marketing efforts, effective forecasting and management of instrument and sequencing
services demand, purchase commitments and inventory levels and effective management of manufacturing and supply costs. Our ability to
manufacture benchtop sequencers and reagents could be negatively impacted by changes to personnel, hiring delays, resource availability,
supply chain disruption or facilities disruption, and may be insufficient to achieve customer acceptance and growth. 

The development of our sequencing instruments and reagents is complex
and costly, requiring successful systems integration and reagent quality to generate usable data for customers and collaborators. Problems
in the design or quality of our products may have a material and adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and operating
results. Unanticipated problems with our products could divert substantial resources, which may impair our ability to support our new
and existing products, and could substantially increase our costs. If we encounter development challenges or discover errors in our products
late in our development cycle, we may be forced to delay product shipments or the scaling of manufacturing or supply. The expenses or
losses associated with delayed or unsuccessful product development or lack of market acceptance of our new products could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We must successfully manage new product introductions and transitions
related to the tSMS technology, we may incur significant costs during these transitions, and they may not result in the benefits we anticipate. 

The introduction of future products may lead to our limiting or ceasing
development of further enhancements to our existing sequencing instruments and applications, as we focus our resources on new products,
and could result in reduced marketplace acceptance and loss of sales of our existing sequencing instruments or sequencing services, which
could materially adversely affect our revenue and operating results. The introduction of new products may also have a negative impact
on our revenue in the near-term as our current and future customers may delay or cancel orders of existing sequencing instruments or
sequencing services in anticipation of new products and we may also be pressured to decrease prices for our existing products. Further,
we could experience difficulty in managing or forecasting customer reactions, purchasing decisions or transition requirements with respect
to newly-launched sequencing instruments or sequencing services. We could incur significant costs in completing the transitions, including
costs of inventory write-downs of our products, as current or future customers transition to the new products. If we do not successfully
manage these product transitions, our business, reputation and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

20 

The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted our business
and could negatively impact our financial condition. 

The unprecedented global outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 that began in the first quarter of 2020 had a significant impact on certain aspects of our business, including strains on our supply chain
due and the significant reductions of research grants made available during the pandemic, particularly for sequencing research and development
that is not dedicated to COVID-19 related disorders. The initial target market for our instruments and research services has been the
life sciences research and development market where we provide solutions for a variety of applications, including biomarker discovery
and diagnostic assay developments. This market, which includes laboratories associated with universities, scientific research centers,
government institutions, and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, often depends on research grants and donations for a significant
portion of their funding, and the demand for our products in this customer segment has been affected by a reduction in their non-COVID-19
related research grants and may continue to be so affected in the future. While our operations have generally stabilized since the peak
of the pandemic, our operations may continue to be impacted by any continuing effects of COVID-19 , including resurgences
and variants of COVID-19 or outbreaks of any new viruses or contagions. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts
our business and financial condition will largely depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the pandemic, emergence of variants and the actions necessary to contain COVID-19
 or treat its impact. 

Our future capital needs are uncertain, and we may need to raise
additional funds to support those needs. 

We believe our cash on hand and cash generated from commercial sales
and research activity will enable us to fund our operations for at least 24 months. However, we expect to seek significant future
financing, namely to: 

expand
our sales and marketing efforts to further commercialize our products and services; 

hire
additional personnel; 

add
operational, financial and management information systems; 

pay
increased costs as a result of operating as a public company; 

21 

lease
additional laboratory space to accommodate expanded operations and increased human resources; 

expand
our research and development efforts to improve our product offerings and to successfully launch new products; 

enter
into collaboration agreements, if any, or in-license other products and technologies; and 

seek
FDA approval to market our existing products or new products that would be utilized for diagnostic purposes. 

Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

market
acceptance of our products; 

the
cost and timing of establishing additional sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; 

the
cost of our research and development activities; 

the
success of our existing distribution and marketing arrangements and our ability to enter additional arrangements in the future;
and 

the
effect of competing technological and market developments. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional funds
on acceptable terms, or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to market conditions, our operating performance
and investor sentiment, among other factors. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, our stockholders
may experience dilution. Future debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur
additional debt. Any debt or equity financing may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional
funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies
or our products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds,
we may have to delay development or commercialization of our products. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support or other
resources devoted to our products or cease operations. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
operating results and business. 

We rely on other companies for certain components and materials
and intend to outsource sub-assembly manufacturing in the future. We may not be able to successfully assemble or manufacture reagents
and instruments or scale the manufacturing process necessary to build and test multiple products on a full commercial basis, which could
materially harm our business. 

Our products are complex and involve a large number of unique components,
many of which require precision in manufacturing that is performed in-house using third-party components. The nature of our products requires
significant use of customized components that are currently available only from a limited number of sources, and in some cases, single
sources. If we are required to purchase these components from alternative sources, it could take several months or longer to qualify
the alternative sources. If we are unable to secure a sufficient supply of these product components on a timely basis, or if these components
do not meet our expectations or specifications for quality and functionality, our operations and manufacturing will be materially and
adversely affected, we could be unable to meet customer demand and our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. 

The operations of our suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated
to our business or operations or that are beyond our control, including but not limited to international trade restrictions or changes
resulting from factors beyond our control. If our suppliers are unable or fail to fulfill their obligations to us for any reason, we
may not be able to manufacture our instruments or reagents and satisfy customer demand or our obligations under sales agreements in a
timely manner, and our business could be harmed as a result. Our current manufacturing process is characterized by long lead times between
the placement of orders for and delivery of our products. If we have received insufficient components to manufacture our products on
a timely basis to meet customer demand, our sales and our gross margin may be adversely affected, and our business could be materially
harmed. If we are unable to reduce our manufacturing costs and establish and maintain reliable, high-volume manufacturing suppliers as
we scale our operations, our business could be materially harmed. 

22 

We may be unable to consistently manufacture our instruments
and reagents to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand at an acceptable cost. 

In order to successfully generate revenue from our products, we need
to supply our customers with products that meet their expectations relating to read length, error rates and data yield in accordance with
established specifications. There is no assurance that we will be able to manufacture our products so that they consistently achieve the
product specifications and quality that our customers expect, including any products developed for clinical uses. Problems in the design
or quality of our products may have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition, and operating results. There
is also no assurance that we will be able to increase manufacturing output and decrease costs, or that we will be successful in forecasting
customer demand or manufacturing and supply costs. Furthermore, we may not be able to increase manufacturing to meet anticipated demand
or may experience downtime in our existing or new manufacturing facilities. An inability to manufacture sequencing instruments and reagents
or provide sequencing services, that consistently meet specifications, in necessary quantities and at commercially acceptable costs, will
have a negative impact, and may have a material adverse effect, on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Rapidly-changing technology in life sciences and diagnostics
could make our technology obsolete unless we continue to develop and commercialize new and improved products and pursue new market opportunities. 

The biotechnology industry is characterized by rapid and significant
technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. Our future success will depend
on our ability to continually improve our products, to develop and introduce new products that address the evolving needs of our customers
on a timely and cost-effective basis and to pursue new market opportunities. These new market opportunities may be outside the scope of
our proven expertise or in areas where the market demand is unproven, and new products and services developed by us may not gain market
acceptance. Our inability to develop and introduce new products and to gain market acceptance of such products could harm our future operating
results. Unanticipated difficulties or delays in replacing existing products with new products or other new or improved products in sufficient
quantities to meet customer demand could diminish future demand for our products and harm our future operating results. 

Increased market adoption of our products by customers may depend
on the availability of sample preparation and informatics tools, some of which may be developed by third parties. 

Our commercial success may depend in part upon the development of sample
preparation and software by third parties for use with our sequencing and data analysis workflow. We cannot guarantee that third parties
will develop tools that our current and future customers will find useful with our sequencing instruments given that our sample preparation
methods are uniquely tailored to single molecule sequencing. Similarly, as our sequencing methodology does not require amplification and
bridge PCR, the downstream data analysis tools required for informatics analysis are specialized. A lack of complementary sample preparation
options and software to enable broader usability may impede the adoption of our technology and may materially and adversely impact our
business. 

We operate in a highly competitive industry and if we are not
able to compete effectively, our business and operating results will likely be harmed. 

Some of our current competitors, including Illumina, Inc., Pacific
Biosciences of California, Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., and BGI Group (formerly known as the Beijing Genomic Institute) as well
as other potential competitors, have greater name recognition, more substantial intellectual property portfolios, longer operating histories,
significantly greater financial, technical, research and/or other resources, more experience in new product development, larger and more
established manufacturing capabilities and marketing, sales and support functions, and/or more established distribution channels to deliver
products to customers than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing
opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. In light of these advantages, even if our technology is more effective
than the products or service offerings of our competitors, current and potential customers might purchase competitive products and services
instead of our products. There are also several companies that are in the process of developing or have already developed new, potentially
competing technologies, products and/or services. Increased competition may result in pricing pressures, which could harm our sales,
profitability or market share. Our failure to further enhance our existing products and to introduce new products to compete effectively
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

23 

Single molecule sequencers are highly complex, have recurring
support requirements and could have unknown defects or errors, which may give rise to claims against us or divert application of our resources
from other purposes. 

Products using our technology are highly complex and may develop or
contain undetected defects or errors. Despite testing, defects or errors may arise in our products, which could result in a failure to
maintain or increase market acceptance of our products, diversion of development resources, injury to our reputation and increased warranty,
service and maintenance costs. New products or enhancements to our existing products in particular may contain undetected errors or performance
problems that are discovered only after delivery to customers. If our products have reliability or other quality issues or require unexpected
levels of support in the future, the market acceptance and utilization of our products may not grow to levels sufficient to support our
costs and our reputation and business could be harmed. We generally ship our sequencing instruments with one year of service included
in the purchase price with an option to purchase one or more additional years of service. We also provide a warranty for our sequencing
kits, which is generally limited to replacing, or at our option, giving credit for any sequencing kit with defects in material or workmanship.
Defects or errors in our products may also discourage customers from purchasing our products. The costs incurred in correcting any defects
or errors may be substantial and could materially and adversely affect our operating margins. If our service and support costs increase,
our business and operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, such defects or errors could lead to the filing of product
liability claims against us or against third parties who we may have an obligation to indemnify against such claims, which could be costly
and time-consuming to defend and result in substantial damages. Although we have product liability insurance, any product liability insurance
that we have or procure in the future may not protect our business from the financial impact of a product liability claim. Moreover, we
may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage on acceptable terms. Any insurance that we have or obtain will be subject to deductibles
and coverage limits. A product liability claim could have a serious adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We depend on the continuing efforts of our senior management
team and other key personnel. If we lose members of our senior management team or other key personnel or are unable to successfully retain,
recruit and train qualified scientists, engineers and other personnel, our ability to maintain and develop our products could be harmed
and we may be unable to achieve our goals. 

Our future success depends upon the continuing services of members
of our senior management team and scientific and engineering personnel. We compete for qualified management and scientific personnel with
other life science companies, academic institutions and research institutions, particularly those focusing on genomics. If one or more
of our senior executives or other key personnel is unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace
them easily or at all, and other senior management may be required to divert attention from other aspects of the business. In addition,
we do not have key person life insurance policies covering any member of our management team or other key personnel. The
loss of any of these individuals or our inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, including scientists, engineers and others,
could prevent us from pursuing collaborations and materially and adversely affect our support of existing products, product development
and introductions, business growth prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

A significant portion of our potential sales depends on customers 
spending budgets that may be subject to significant and unexpected variation which could have a negative effect on the demand for our
products. 

Our instruments represent significant capital expenditures for our
customers. Potential customers for our current or future products include academic and government institutions, genome centers, medical
research institutions, clinical laboratories, pharmaceutical, agricultural, biotechnology, diagnostic and chemical companies. Their spending
budgets can have a significant effect on the demand for our products. Spending budgets are based on a wide variety of factors, including
the allocation of available resources to make purchases, funding from government sources which is highly uncertain and subject to change,
the spending priorities among various types of research equipment and policies regarding capital expenditures during economically uncertain
periods. Any decrease in capital spending or change in spending priorities of our current and potential customers could significantly
reduce the demand for our products. Any delay or reduction in purchases by potential customers or our inability to forecast fluctuations
in demand could harm our future operating results. 

24 

Delivery of our reagents could be delayed or disrupted by factors
beyond our control, and we could lose customers as a result. 

We rely on third-party carriers for the timely delivery of our products
both domestically and internationally. As a result, we are subject to carrier disruptions and increased costs that are beyond our control.
Any failure to deliver products to our customers in a safe and timely manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to
lose customers. If our relationship with any of these third-party carriers is terminated or impaired or if any of these carriers are unable
to deliver our products, the delivery and acceptance of our products by our customers may be delayed, which could harm our business and
financial results. Specific reagents utilized in our sequencing reactions are temperature-sensitive and are required to be kept and stored
in a temperature-controlled method in order to properly ship. In addition, many of the raw materials used during the manufacturing process
of our reagents require temperature control during shipment. The failure to deliver our products in a safe, temperature-controlled, and
timely manner may harm our relationship with our customers, increase our costs and otherwise disrupt our operations. 

We are, and may become, subject to governmental regulations that
may impose burdens on our operations, and the markets for our products may be narrowed. 

We are subject, both directly and indirectly, to the adverse impact
of government regulation of our operations and markets. Moreover, the life sciences industry, which is expected to be one of the primary
markets for our technology, has historically been heavily regulated. There are, for example, laws in several jurisdictions restricting
research in genetic engineering, which may narrow our markets. At a minimum, biosafety regulations enforced by local government must be
followed and updated should new regulations pass the approval process. Given the evolving nature of this industry, legislative bodies
or regulatory authorities may adopt additional regulations that may adversely affect our market opportunities. Additionally, if ethical
and other concerns surrounding the use of genetic information, diagnostics or therapies become widespread, there may be less demand for
our products. 

Our business is also directly affected by a wide variety of government
regulations applicable to business enterprises generally and to companies operating in the life science industry in particular. Failure
to comply with government regulations or obtain or maintain necessary permits and licenses could result in a variety of fines or other
censures or an interruption in our business operations which may have a negative impact on our ability to generate revenue and the cost
of operating our business. In addition, changes to laws and government regulations could cause a material adverse effect on our business
as we will need to adapt our business to comply with such changes. 

Our products could become subject to regulation by the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration or other domestic and international regulatory agencies, which could increase our costs and impede or delay our
commercialization efforts, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business and results of operations. 

Our products are not currently subject to the FDA clearance or approval
since they are not intended for use in the diagnosis or treatment of disease. However, in the future, certain of our products or related
applications, such as those that may be developed for clinical uses, could be subject to FDA regulation, or the FDA s regulatory
jurisdiction could be expanded to include our products. Even where a product is exempted from FDA clearance or approval, the FDA may
impose restrictions as to the types of customers to which we or our partners can market and sell our products. Such regulation and restrictions
may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event that we fail to obtain
and maintain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for products that we develop for clinical uses, or if clearances or approvals
for future products and indications are delayed or not issued, our commercial operations may be materially harmed. Furthermore, even
if we are granted regulatory clearances or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses for the product,
which may limit the market for the product. We do not have experience in obtaining FDA approvals and no assurance can be given that we
will be able to obtain or to maintain such approvals. Furthermore, any approvals that we may obtain can be revoked if safety or efficacy
problems develop. 

25 

We believe we can produce accurate financial statements on a
timely basis, however, this could be impacted by the loss of any of our accounting staff, which would adversely affect our business and
our stock price. 

Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls
and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to
be evaluated frequently. We believe our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired due to our
small internal accounting team. We may in the future discover other areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures
that need improvement. Operating as a public company requires sufficient resources within the accounting and finance functions in order
to produce timely financial information, ensure the level of segregation of duties, and maintain adequate internal control over financial
reporting customary for a U.S. public company. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(U.S. GAAP). Our management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within our company will have been detected. 

Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable
income may be subject to substantial limitations. 

Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, a corporation
that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses NOLs to offset future taxable income. Significant changes in our stock ownership could result in us being unable to utilize
a material portion of our NOLs even if we attain profitability. 

Our sales cycle is unpredictable and lengthy, which makes it
difficult to forecast revenue and may increase the magnitude of quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results. 

The sales cycle for our sequencing instruments is lengthy because our
products represent a major capital expenditure and generally require the approval of our customers senior management. This may
contribute to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results, particularly during the periods in which our sales
volume is low. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results include, without limitation: 

market
acceptance for our products; 

our
ability to attract new customers; 

publications
of studies by us, competitors or third parties; 

the
timing and success of new product introductions by us or our competitors or other changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry,
such as consolidation; 

the
amount and timing of our costs and expenses; 

general economic, industry and market conditions; 

changes
in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 

the
regulatory environment; 

expenses
associated with warranty costs or unforeseen product quality issues; 

the
hiring, training and retention of key employees, including our ability to grow our sales organization; 

litigation
or other claims against us for intellectual property infringement or otherwise; 

our
ability to obtain additional financing as necessary; and 

changes
or trends in new technologies and industry standards. 

Because of these fluctuations, it is likely that in some future quarters
our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 

26 

Our operations involve the use of hazardous materials, and we
must comply with environmental, health and safety laws, which can be expensive and may adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

Our research and development and manufacturing activities involve the
use of hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our sequencing reagents, such as tris (2-carboxyethyl) phosphine
and acetonitrile, include hazardous materials. Accordingly, we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and
permits relating to environmental, health and safety matters, including, among others, those governing the use, storage, handling, exposure
to and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the health and safety of our employees, and the shipment, labelling, collection, recycling,
treatment and disposal of products containing hazardous materials. Liability under environmental laws and regulations can be joint and
several and without regard to fault or negligence. For example, under certain circumstances and under certain environmental laws, we could
be held liable for costs relating to contamination at our or our predecessors past or present facilities and at third-party waste
disposal sites. We could also be held liable for damages arising out of human exposure to hazardous materials. There can be no assurance
that violations of environmental, health and safety laws will not occur as a result of human error, accident, equipment failure or other
causes. The failure to comply with past, present or future laws could result in the imposition of substantial fines and penalties, remediation
costs, property damage and personal injury claims, investigations, the suspension of production or product sales, the loss of permits
or a cessation of operations. Any of these events could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We also expect that
our operations will be affected by new environmental, health and safety laws and regulations on an ongoing basis, or more stringent enforcement
of existing laws and regulations. New laws or changes to existing laws may result in additional costs and may increase penalties associated
with violations or require us to change the content of our products or how we manufacture them, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Ethical, legal, privacy and social concerns or governmental restrictions
surrounding the use of genetic information could reduce demand for our technology. 

Our products may be used to provide genetic information about humans
and other living organisms. The information obtained from our products could be used in a variety of applications that may have underlying
ethical, legal, privacy and social concerns, including the genetic engineering or modification of agricultural products or testing for
genetic predisposition for certain medical conditions. Governmental authorities could, for safety, social or other purposes, call for
limits on or regulation of the use of genetic testing. Such concerns or governmental restrictions could limit the use of our products,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Disruption of critical information technology systems or material
breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations and financial condition. 

Information technology IT helps us to operate efficiently,
interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiently and accurately produce our financial statements. IT systems are
used extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including sales forecast, order fulfilment and billing, customer service, logistics,
and management of data from running samples on our products. Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance
of our IT systems. IT systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures,
power loss, natural disasters, human acts, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee
data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. Certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery
planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences,
disruption of our operations, which could harm our reputation and financial results. 

If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary
to build and sustain the proper IT infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers,
business disruptions or loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. If our data management systems do not effectively
collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints,
software deficiencies or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable
laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our reputation,
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. 

27 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our
information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive
data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners,
and personally identifiable information of our employees, on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this
information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our IT infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers,
computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, or breached due to employee error, malfeasance,
faulty password management or other disruptions. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or other persons into disclosing
usernames, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our IT systems, commit identity theft or carry
out other unauthorized or illegal activities. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be
accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or
proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption of our operations and damage to our reputation,
which could divert our management s attention from the operation of our business and materially and adversely affect our business,
revenues and competitive position. Moreover, we may need to increase our efforts to train our personnel to detect and defend against cyber-
or phishing-attacks, which are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and we may need to implement additional protective measures to
reduce the risk of potential security breaches, which could cause us to incur significant additional expenses. 

We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money
laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. 

Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering,
export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies
and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners
from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything
else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines
and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation,
reputational harm, and other consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies
or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase in time.
We plan to engage third parties for collaborations, sales and distribution of sequencing products and we can be held liable for the corrupt
or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such
activities. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Failure to secure patent or other intellectual property protection
for our products and improvements to our products may reduce our ability to maintain any technological or competitive advantage over our
current and potential competitors. 

Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights
is uncertain and depends on complex legal and factual questions. Our ability to establish or maintain a technological or competitive advantage
over our competitors may be diminished because of these uncertainties. For example: 

we
or our licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications or issued patents; 

we
or our licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

the
scope of the patent protection we or our licensors obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies,
developing competing products, designing around our patented technologies or independently developing similar or alternative technologies; 

our
and our licensors patent applications or patents have been, are and may in the future be, subject to interference, opposition
or similar administrative proceedings, which could result in those patent applications failing to issue as patents, those patents being
held invalid, or the scope of those patents being substantially reduced; 

28 

the
current assignee of our intellectual property may elect to forego paying maintenance fees, placing us at risk to lose the licensed IP,
or the assignee may neglect to enforce the intellectual property we license from them; 

we
or our partners may not adequately protect our trade secrets; 

we
may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; or 

the
patents of others may limit our freedom to operate and prevent us from commercializing our technology in accordance with our plans. 

The occurrence of any of these events could impair our ability to operate
without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others or prevent us from establishing or maintaining a competitive advantage over our
competitors. 

The intellectual property that is important to our business is
owned by other companies or institutions and licensed to us, and changes to the rights we have licensed may adversely impact our business. 

We license the intellectual property that is important to our business
from Fluidigm Corporation Fluidigm (which obtained this intellectual property portfolio from Helicos Biosciences Corporation Helicos )) pursuant to a non-exclusive licensing agreement. If we fail to comply with the terms of the license, Fluidigm
could terminate the license. If these third parties who license intellectual property to us fail to maintain the intellectual property
that we have licensed, or lose rights to that intellectual property, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, which could
subject us to claims of intellectual property infringement. Termination of our license from Fluidigm or reduction or elimination of our
licensed rights may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated licenses with less favorable terms or could subject us to claims
of intellectual property infringement in litigation or other administrative proceedings that could result in damage awards against us
and injunctions that could prohibit us from selling our products. In addition, our license agreement from Fluidigm is non-exclusive, and
Fluidigm may license the technology to our competitors, which may result is significant competition for us. 

In addition, we have limited rights to participate in the prosecution
and enforcement of the patents and patent applications that we have licensed. As a result, we cannot be certain that these patents and
applications will be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Further, because of the rapid
pace of technological change in our industry, we may need to rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may
not be able to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms. The occurrence of these events
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

A license agreement for intellectual property that is important
to our business may be terminated in the event that Daniel Jones, our Chief Executive Officer, fails to continue to work full time for
us. 

As discussed above, we license certain intellectual property that is
important to our business from Fluidigm (which obtained this intellectual property portfolio from Helicos) pursuant to a non-exclusive
licensing agreement. The license agreement provides that Fluidigm has a right to terminate the license in the event Daniel Jones, our
Chief Executive Officer, fails to continue to work full time for us. If we lose our rights to such intellectual property, the rights we
have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, which could subject us to claims of intellectual property infringement, require us to cease
selling certain or all of our products, negotiate less favorable agreements or otherwise result in a loss of business. In addition, such
language could prevent us from terminating Mr. Jones from his position when it would otherwise be favorable for stockholders or our business
in general. 

Our licensed intellectual property and future intellectual property
will have limited window of enforcement. 

Our licensed intellectual property and future intellectual property
will have limited windows of enforcement. The patents on substantially all of our licensed IP are expected to expire between 2025 and
2028, excluding any extension or adjustment of patent terms that may be available. Following the expiration and termination of the patents
relating to our licensed technology, we may face the development of similar technology from our competitors or other market participants,
which could impede our revenue and growth. 

29 

We may not be able to protect intellectual property and proprietary
rights worldwide. 

The majority of our intellectual property is licensed from third parties
through non-exclusive license agreements. Although our company has accumulated trade secrets and know-how to make this technology work
effectively and reliably over the last decade, other entities may attempt to commercialize this technology by gaining access to the intellectual
property. As a result, we may encounter additional competition from third parties, and may require significant amounts of time and resources
to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products and other
technologies in all countries throughout the world would be cost prohibitive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights
to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our
inventions in all countries, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other
jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own
products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not
as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property
rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting
and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating
to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products
in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary
rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business,
could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing,
and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other
remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary
rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop
or license. 

Intellectual property laws, and patent laws and regulations in particular,
have been subject to significant variability either through administrative or legislative changes to such laws or regulations or changes
or differences in judicial interpretation, and it is expected that such variability will continue to occur. Additionally, intellectual
property laws and regulations differ by country. Variations in the patent laws and regulations or in interpretations of patent laws and
regulations in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property and may change the impact
of third-party intellectual property on us. Accordingly, we cannot predict the scope of the patents that may be granted to us with certainty,
the extent to which we will be able to enforce our patents against third parties or the extent to which third parties may be able to enforce
their patents against us. 

If the scope of any patent protection we obtain is not sufficiently
broad, or if we lose any of our patent protection, our ability to prevent our competitors from commercializing similar or identical sequencing
technology and applications would be adversely affected. 

The patent position of biotechnology companies generally is highly
uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result,
the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our owned or in-licensed
pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our tSMS platform, or other technologies or
which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and applications. 

30 

Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering
to sell, or importing products that infringe our intellectual property will depend in part on our success in obtaining and enforcing
patent claims that cover our technology, inventions and improvements. With respect to both licensed and company-owned intellectual property,
we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications
filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future
will be commercially useful in protecting our products and the methods used to manufacture those products. Moreover, even our issued
patents do not guarantee us the right to practice our technology in relation to the commercialization of our products. The area of patent
and other intellectual property rights in biotechnology is an evolving one with many risks and uncertainties, and third parties may have
blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from commercializing our sequencing instruments and practicing our proprietary technology.
Our issued patent and those that may be issued in the future may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit our ability
to stop competitors from marketing related products or limit the length of the term of patent protection that we may have for our technology.
In addition, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with protection or competitive advantages against competitors
with similar technology. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies. For these reasons, we may have
competition for our products. Moreover, because of the extensive time required for development and testing of new sequencing instruments,
it is possible that, before any particular product can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a
short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantage of the patent. 

Moreover, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly
reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can be reinterpreted after issuance. Even if patent applications we own or license
issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third
parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Any patents that we own or in-license may be challenged,
narrowed, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, we do not know whether our tSMS platform or other technologies will
be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent
our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship,
scope, validity or enforceability, and patents that we own or license may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States
and abroad. We or our licensors may be subject to a third-party reissuance submission of prior art to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO or to foreign patent authorities or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant
and inter partes review, or interference proceedings or other similar proceedings challenging our owned or licensed patent
rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable,
our owned or in-licensed patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our tSMS platform technologies or other technologies and
compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing
third-party patent rights. Moreover, we, or one of our licensors, may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the
USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that
challenge our or our licensor s priority of invention or other features of patentability with respect to our owned or in-licensed
patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed,
invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology
and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our tSMS Platform and other technologies. Such proceedings also may result
in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. 

We may in the future co-own patent rights relating to future sequencing
instruments, reagents, applications, or our tSMS platform with third parties. Some of our in-licensed patent rights are, and may in the
future be, co-owned with third parties. In addition, our licensors may co-own the patent rights we in-license with other third parties
with whom we do not have a direct relationship. 

31 

We could in the future be subject to legal proceedings with
third parties who may claim that our products infringe or misappropriate their intellectual property rights. 

Our products are based on complex, rapidly developing technologies.
We may not be aware of issued or previously filed patent applications that belong to third parties that mature into issued patents that
cover some aspect of our products or their use. In addition, because patent litigation is complex and the outcome inherently uncertain,
our belief that our products do not infringe third-party patents of which we are aware or that such third-party patents are invalid and
unenforceable may be determined to be incorrect. As a result, third parties have claimed, and may in the future claim, that we infringe
their patent rights and have filed, and may in the future file, lawsuits or engage in other proceedings against us to enforce their patent
rights. In addition, as we enter new markets, our competitors and other third parties may claim that our products infringe their intellectual
property rights as part of a business strategy to impede our successful entry into those markets. Furthermore, parties making claims against
us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which effectively could block our ability to develop further, commercialize, or sell
products or services, and could result in the award of substantial damages against us. Patent litigation between competitors in our industry
is common. In defending ourselves against any of these claims, we could in the future incur, substantial costs, and the attention of our
management and technical personnel could be diverted. We may be unable to modify our products so that they do not infringe the intellectual
property rights of third parties. In some situations, the results of litigation or settlement of claims may require us to cease allegedly
infringing activities, which could prevent us from selling some or all of our products. The occurrence of these events may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In addition, in the course of our business, we may from time to time
have access or be alleged to have access to confidential or proprietary information of others, which, though not patented, may be protected
as trade secrets. Others could bring claims against us asserting that we improperly used their confidential or proprietary information,
or that we misappropriated their technologies and incorporated those technologies into our products. A determination that we illegally
used the confidential or proprietary information or misappropriated technologies of others in our products could result in us paying substantial
damage awards or being prevented from selling some or all of our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We have not yet registered some of our trademarks in all of our
potential markets, and failure to secure those registrations could adversely affect our business. 

While we believe our trademarks are registered in the markets in which
we currently operate, some of our trademark applications may not be allowed for registration in markets in which we may seek to enter
in the future, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in
many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose new or pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel
registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive
such proceedings. 

Risks Related to our Collaborations with Third Parties 

Our future collaborations may be important to our business. If we
are unable to maintain any of these collaborations, or if these collaborations are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. 

We have limited capabilities for technology development, sales, marketing
or distribution. Accordingly, we may enter into collaborations with academic and commercial entities to provide us with important technologies
and funding for our programs and technology, and we may receive additional technologies and funding under these and other collaborations
in the future. Any future collaborations we enter into may pose a number of risks, including the following: 

collaborators
have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply; 

collaborators
may not perform their obligations as expected; 

collaborators
may not pursue development and commercialization of any platform or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization
programs or license arrangements based on changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors,
such as a strategic transaction that may divert resources or create competing priorities; 

collaborators
may provide insufficient funding for the research program; 

32 

collaborators
could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our sequencing instruments
and applications if the collaborators believe that the competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized
under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

biomarkers
discovered by our collaborators in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own products, which
may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product; 

disagreements
with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development,
might cause delays or terminations of the research, development or commercialization of new products or platforms, might lead to additional
responsibilities for us with respect to technology development, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming
and expensive; 

collaborators
may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite
litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

collaborators
may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; 

if
a collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, the collaborator might deemphasize or terminate the development or commercialization
of any product licensed to it by us; and 

collaborations
may be terminated by the collaborator, and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development
or commercialization of the applicable sequencing technology. 

If our potential future collaborations do not result in the successful
discovery, development and commercialization of products or if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive
any future research funding or milestone potential payments under the collaboration. If we do not receive the funding we expect under
these agreements, our development of our technology and applications could be delayed and we may need additional resources to develop
products and our technology. All of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in
this prospectus also apply to the activities of our therapeutic collaborators. 

Additionally, if one of our potential future collaborators terminates
its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and our perception in the business and financial communities
could be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock and Publicly-Traded
Warrants 

The market price of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants
may be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The prices of our common stock or publicly-traded warrants could be
subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, which include: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

announcements of technological innovations by us or our competitors; 

announcements by our customers, partners or suppliers relating directly or indirectly to our products, services or technologies; 

overall conditions in our industry and market; 

addition or loss of significant customers; 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products; 

actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments or achievement of significant milestones; 

33 

additions
or departures of key personnel; 

competition
from existing products or new products that may emerge; 

fluctuations
in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

disputes
or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters or our ability to obtain intellectual property
protection for our technologies; 

announcement
or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

sales
of our common stock or warrants by us or our stockholders; 

stock
price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 

reports,
guidance and ratings issued by securities or industry analysts; and 

general
economic and market conditions. 

If any of the forgoing occurs, it would cause our stock and Warrant
prices or trading volume to decline. Stock markets in general and the market for companies in our industry in particular have experienced
price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These
fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry
fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or international
currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock or Warrants. You may not realize any return on your
investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. 

We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive
and could divert our management s attention. 

The market price of our securities may be volatile, and in the past
companies that have experienced volatility in the 2,market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action
litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial
costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

Our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders
have substantial control over our company, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change
of control. 

On March
1, 2023, our executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders owned 5,918,264 shares of our common stock, or approximately 43 of the
outstanding shares of our common stock, based on the number of shares outstanding as of such date. As a result, these stockholders will
be able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors
and the approval of mergers, acquisitions or other extraordinary transactions. They may also have interests that differ from yours and
may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentration of ownership may have the effect
of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. 

The price of our common stock has not met the requirements for
continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to regain or maintain compliance with the minimum listing requirements, our
common stock will be subject to delisting. Our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common
stock could be adversely affected if our common shares are delisted. 

On June 21, 2022, we received a notification letter from The Nasdaq
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that we are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement,
which requires that the closing bid price for our common stock listed on Nasdaq be maintained at a minimum of 1.00 and failure to maintain
it for 30 consecutive business days constitutes a compliance deficiency. On December 20, 2022, we
received notice from Nasdaq indicating that, while we have not regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement, Nasdaq has determined
that we are eligible for an additional 180-day period, or until June 19, 2023, to regain compliance. According to the notification from
Nasdaq, the Staff s determination was based on (i) our meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of our publicly-held
shares and all other Nasdaq initial listing standards, with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement, and (ii) our written notice
to Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
If at any time during this second 180-day compliance period, the closing bid price of our common stock is at least 1 per share for a
minimum of 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide us with written confirmation of compliance. If compliance cannot be demonstrated
by June 19, 2023, Nasdaq will provide written notification that our common stock will be delisted. At that time, we may appeal Nasdaq s
determination to a Hearings Panel. 

If we do not regain compliance within the allotted compliance period(s),
including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting.
Delisting from Nasdaq could adversely affect our ability to consummate a strategic transaction and raise additional financing through
the public or private sale of equity securities, and would significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and negatively
affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. Delisting could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of
confidence by employees and the loss of institutional investor interest. 

34 

If our shares become subject to the penny stock rules, it would
become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in
connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than
securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided
that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If the
price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing
specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the
purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a
written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore
stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

We are an emerging growth company and the reduced
disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an
 emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We may remain an emerging growth company until as late as December 2026
(the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering), though we may cease to be an emerging
growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including (1) if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of any June 30, in which case we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31,
or (2) if our gross revenue exceeds 1.235 billion in
any fiscal year. Emerging growth companies may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Investors could find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some
investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 102 of the JOBS Act also provides that an
emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging growth company can therefore
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably
elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same
new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a
public company and our management expects to devote substantial time to public company compliance programs. 

As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and
other expenses due to our compliance with regulations and disclosure obligations applicable to us, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high
level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead
to additional compliance costs and impact, in ways we cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which we operate our business. Our management
and other personnel will devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs and monitoring of public company reporting obligations
and as a result of the new corporate governance and executive compensation related rules, regulations and guidelines prompted by the Dodd-Frank
Act and further regulations and disclosure obligations expected in the future, we will likely need to devote additional time and costs
to comply with such compliance programs and rules. These rules and regulations will cause us to incur significant legal and financial
compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costlier. 

To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need
to undertake various actions, including implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring new accounting or internal audit
staff. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting. However, for so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act or a smaller reporting
company , we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies
that are not emerging growth companies and/or smaller reporting companies, including, but not limited to, for emerging growth companies,
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Once we are no longer
an emerging growth company and if our public float is above 75 million as of the last business day of our most recently
completed second fiscal quarter or, if before such date, we opt to no longer take advantage of the applicable exemption, we will be required
to include an opinion from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. 

We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file with the SEC
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required
to be disclosed in reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is accumulated and
communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate
and weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective
controls when we become subject to this requirement could negatively impact the results of periodic management evaluations and annual
independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
that we may be required to include in our periodic reports we will file with the SEC under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in a restatement of our prior period financial
statements. In the event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that our internal control over financial
reporting is perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements, investors may lose confidence
in our operating results and the price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements,
we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 

35 

Because we have elected to use the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth company our financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of
new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to
private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company
effective dates, and thus investors may have difficulty evaluating or comparing our business, performance or prospects in comparison to
other public companies, which may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or
publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock and warrant prices and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock and publicly-traded warrants
will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Securities and
industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on us. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of
us, the price for our common stock and publicly-traded warrants could be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts
initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
about our business, the prices of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants could decline. In addition, if our operating results fail
to meet the forecast of analysts, the prices of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants could decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock and publicly-traded warrants could decrease,
which might cause the prices of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants and trading volume to decline. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware
law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock and Warrants. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, may have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws include provisions that: 

provide for a staggered board of directors; 

authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 20,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock and up to approximately 80,000,000 shares of authorized but unissued shares of common stock; 

require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President; 

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder approvals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 

provide that our directors may be removed only for cause; and 

provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum. 

36 

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors,
which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed
by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess
of 15 of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides
that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings
under Delaware statutory law or Delaware common law, subject to certain exceptions: (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf; (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty or other wrongdoing by any of our directors, officers,
employees or agents to us or our stockholders; (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; or (4) any
action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability
to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which
may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and agents. Stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court
of Chancery could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near the State
of Delaware. The Court of Chancery may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder
considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable
to us than to our stockholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. By agreeing to the exclusive forum
provisions, investors will not be deemed to have waived our compliance obligations with any federal securities laws or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future and, as such, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants will be your
sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock.
We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available
funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, and any future loan arrangements we enter
into may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock and publicly-traded warrants will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to
provide the information requested by this Item 1B. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES . 

On February 2, 2022, we entered into a new lease agreement for approximately
15,538 square feet of corporate office and laboratory space in Billerica, Massachusetts. The lease has a term of 92 months with the rent
escalating from 14,317 to 26,453 per month over the lease term. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal
proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries currently is a party to any legal proceeding
that, individually or in the aggregate, is material to our company as a whole. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

37 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information for Common Stock 

Our common stock and publicly-traded warrants are trading on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the ticker symbols SQL and SQLLW, respectively. 

Holders 

As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 17
stockholders of record, according to the records of our transfer agent, and an unknown number of additional holders of common stock held
in street name . 

Dividends 

We have not declared any common stock dividends to date. We have no
present intention of paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, as we intend to use earnings, if any, to
generate growth. The payment by us of dividends, if any, in the future, is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
upon, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well as other relevant factors. There are no
material restrictions in our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or Bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

38 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You should read the following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis and other parts of this report contain forward-looking statements
based upon current beliefs, plans and expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and the timing
of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors,
including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. You should carefully read the Risk Factors 
section of this report to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
forward-looking statements. Please also see the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry
and Market Data in this report. 

Overview 

This overview and outlook provide a high-level discussion of our operating
results and significant known trends that affect our business. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important to understanding
our financial results for the periods being reported herein as well as our future financial performance. This summary is not intended
to be exhaustive, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this report. 

About SeqLL 

We are an early commercial-stage life sciences instrumentation and
research services company engaged in the development of scientific assets and novel intellectual property across multiple omics 
fields. We leverage our expertise with True Single Molecule Sequencing (tSMS) technology enabling researchers and clinicians to contribute
major advancements to scientific research and development. 

Our customers are primarily the early adopters of genomics technology
and tSMS in academic research, biomarker discovery, and molecular diagnostic product development. 

Our financial results have been, and will continue to be, impacted
by several significant trends, which are described below. While these trends are important to understanding and evaluating our financial
results, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto within the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of this report, and trends discussed in Risk Factors within the Business Market Information
section of this report. 

We incurred net losses of 4,094,833 and 3,703,558 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had negative cash flow from operating activities of 3,662,568 and 1,989,877 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of 18,508,684 as of December 31, 2022. 

Results of operations may be adversely affected by various factors
that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could
be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, inflation, increases in interest rates,
the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such
as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their
duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business. 

Our financial results have been, and will continue to be, impacted
by several significant trends, which are described below. While these trends are important to understanding and evaluating our financial
results, this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto within the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of this report, and trends discussed in Risk Factors in Item 1-A of Part I of this report. 

39 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

SeqLL Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Sales 
 1,177 
 48,021 
 
 Grant revenue 
 77,482 
 161,974 
 
 Total revenue 
 78,659 
 209,995 

Cost of sales 
 690 
 57,690 

Gross profit 
 77,969 
 152,305 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 1,568,266 
 530,076 
 
 General and administrative 
 2,506,851 
 2,170,857 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,075,117 
 2,700,933 

Operating loss 
 (3,997,148 
 (2,548,628 

Other (income) and expenses 

Interest and dividend income 
 (44,879 
 (36,463 
 
 Other income 
 - 
 (190,193 
 
 Unrealized (gain)/loss on marketable equity securities 
 (54,508 
 43,078 
 
 Realized loss on marketable equity securities 
 106,324 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 - 
 195,962 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes 
 - 
 934,257 
 
 Interest expense 
 90,748 
 208,289 

Net loss 
 (4,094,833 
 (3,703,558 
 
 Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 
 22,451 
 - 

Total comprehensive loss 
 (4,072,382 
 (3,703,558 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 (0.34 
 (0.51 

Weighted average common shares - basic and diluted 
 11,886,379 
 7,216,001 

Revenues 

Our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2022, were 78,659
as compared to revenues of 209,995 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 131,336, or 63 . During the year
ended December 31, 2022, revenue included grant revenue of 77,482 and 1,177 from product sales, and no sales from research services
as compared to the revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021 from product sales of 31,537, grants of 161,974 and 16,484 in sequencing
services. The decrease in revenue was due to the reduction in research services and revenue generating activities due to our relocation
to Billerica, Massachusetts. This relocation, which was finalized in September of 2022, resulted in the Company temporarily not having
facilities that were sufficient to perform our research services and business activities. We expect to resume normal operations in 2023. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 77,969, as compared
to gross profit of 152,305 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented a decrease of 74,336, or 49 , primarily due to the
fact that we had lower product and services sales in 2022 due to our relocation to Billerica, Massachusetts as well as there was a decrease
in grant revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

40 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by 1,038,190, or 196 ,
from 530,076 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1,568,266 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in expenses
was a result of our progressive return to research and development activities to levels of pre-COVID-19 pandemic. We expect these expenditures
to increase in 2023 and beyond as we increase our research and development efforts to pre-pandemic levels. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased by 335,994, or 15 ,
from 2,170,857 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2,506,851 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily
attributable to increased operating expenses as a public company, including the addition of accounting, legal, insurance and audit related
expenses. General and administrative expenditures will continue to increase to support ongoing financial reporting and compliance activities. 

Interest and Other Income/Loss 

We recognized 44,879 of interest and dividend income in the year ended
December 31, 2022 as compared to 36,463 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This primarily relates to the dividend income earned on
the Company s investments in equity securities. The Company expects to see increases in interest income over the next twelve months
based on the current interest rates and market conditions. 

We recognized zero other income in the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to 190,193 of other income in the year ended December 31, 2021 related to forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loans. 

We recognized 51,816 in net realized and unrealized losses on the
marketable equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 43,078 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We recognized 195,962 related to the change in fair value of our convertible
notes in the year ended December 31, 2021. No such convertible notes were in existence for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally,
we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling 934,257 in the year ended December 31, 2021 related to certain convertible notes.
The loss on the extinguishment of debt represented the excess of the fair value of these convertible notes totaling 3,075,987 over their
carrying value of 2,141,730 at their amendment date in the first quarter of 2021. We did not incur such losses during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

We recognized interest expense of 90,748 and 208,289 in the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a decrease of 117,541, or 56 . The decrease in interest expense was due
to a decrease in our outstanding indebtedness as a result of the conversion of 2.1 million in notes to equity concurrently with the consummation
of our initial public offering on August 31, 2021. 

Net Loss 

Overall, the net loss increased by 391,275, or 11 , to 4,094,833
as compared to 3,703,558 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase in net loss is primarily attributable to increased operating
expenses as a public company and our progressive return to research and development activities to levels of pre-COVID-19 pandemic. This
increase in operating expenses was partially offset by the decrease in the interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared
to the year ended December 31, 2021 and the loss on extinguishment of the convertible notes in the year ended December 31, 2021 in the
amount of 934,257. 

41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
Even though we experienced negative cash flows from operations of 3,662,568 for the year ended December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents of 2,180,525 and short-term investments in marketable securities of 4,036,014 at December 31, 2022. 

Cash and cash equivalents decreased 1,834,603 at December 31, 2022
as compared to December 31, 2021 due to cash spending for operating activities for the year period ended December 31, 2022, partially
offset by the net sale of 1,867,985 in marketable securities. 

Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily through equity
and debt financings, as well as from modest sales of products and research services. As of December 31, 2022, and we had an accumulated
deficit of 18,508,684. 

On February 15, 2023, we sold
to institutional investors, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds
of 1,800,000 before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 

We believe our cash on hand, together with our cash generated
from commercial sales and research activity, will enable us to fund our operations for at least one year from the date of this
Report. However, our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations
is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary materially. We have based this
estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we expect. 

Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

our
ability to successfully further develop our technologies and create innovative products in our markets, including the costs associated
with the development of our tSMS platform across multiple market segments, for which we have budgeted approximately 1.5 million in 2023
in support of our collaborative efforts in detection tools for heart disease and cancer, and chromatin mapping in genome biology; 

scientific
progress in research and development of our collaborative programs, including the costs of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our patents
and other intellectual property rights, as well as the costs associated with any product or technology that we may in-license or acquire;
and 

the
terms and timing of establishing and maintaining collaborations, licenses and other similar arrangements; including the need to enter
into other collaborations to enhance or complement our product and service offerings. 

We plan to continue seeking additional financing sources from time
to time to meet our working capital requirements, make continued investment in research and development and make capital expenditures
needed for us to maintain and expand our business. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all.
If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, or if we expend capital on
projects that are not successful, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be
significantly limited. In addition, if we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or debt securities, our existing
stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior
to those of holders of our common stock. 

42 

Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash
and cash equivalents for each of the periods presented. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash proceeds provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 
 (3,662,568 
 (1,989,877 
 
 Investing activities 
 1,827,965 
 (5,990,912 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 11,995,917 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,834,603 
 4,015,128 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 3.7 million
and 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in operating spending was a result of our progressive
return to research and development activities to levels of pre-COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we experienced an increase in our general
and administrative spending since we became a public company in August 2021. 

We anticipate our research and development efforts and on-going general
and administrative costs will generate negative cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable future. 

Net cash used provided by/used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately 1.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to cash used in investing activities of approximately 6.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The net inflow of funds is related to the disposition of the marketable securities during the year ended December 31,
2022 as compared to the investment of the proceeds from our initial public offering, which occurred in August 2021, into marketable securities
during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 0 and approximately
 12.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease was primarily attributable to the proceeds raised
in our initial public offering on August 31, 2021, with no equity or debt proceeds raised during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses:
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses
for financial assets. In April 2019, the FASB issued clarification to ASU 2016-13 within ASU 2019-04, Codification Improvements to
Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments, or ASU
2016-13. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently assessing the
potential impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 on its financial statements and financial statement disclosures. 

43 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases ASU
2016-02 which establishes new accounting and disclosure requirements for leases. ASU No. 2016-02 requires recognition in the statement
of operations of a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, generally on a straight-line
basis. ASU 2016-02 requires classification of all cash payments within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. Disclosures
are required to provide the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. We will adopt the provisions of ASU 2016-02
in the quarter beginning January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach and will record right of use assets and lease liabilities
on its consolidated balance sheet for the leases with terms in excess of one year. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. At the date of adoption on January 1, 2022, this guidance had
no impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

We do not believe that any other recently issued but not yet effective
accounting pronouncements are expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Stock-based Compensation 

Our share-based compensation program grant awards include stock options
and restricted stock awards to employees, directors and consultants. The fair value of stock option grants is estimated as of the date
of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the fair value of our
common stock on the date of the grant. The fair value of the stock-based awards is then expensed over the requisite service period, generally
the vesting period, for each award. 

Our expected stock price volatility assumption is based on the volatility
of comparable public companies. The expected term of a stock option granted to employees and directors (including non-employee directors)
is based on the average of the contractual term (generally 10 years) and the vesting period. For non-employee options, the expected term
is the contractual term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of U.S. Treasury securities consistent with the life of the
option. No dividend yield was assumed as we do not pay dividends on our common stock. We recognize forfeitures related to stock-based
awards as they occur. 

We have periodically granted stock options and restricted stock awards
to consultants for services, pursuant to our stock plans at the fair market value on the respective dates of grant. Should we terminate
any of our consulting agreements, the unvested options underlying the agreements would be cancelled. For awards granted to consultants
and non-employees, compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period of the awards, which is generally the period services are
rendered by such consultants and non-employees. 

We granted stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1,085,000 and
100,000 shares of common stock in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition 

Our revenue is generated primarily from the sale of products and gene
sequencing services. Product revenue primarily consists of sales of genetic sequencing equipment and sequencing reagent kits. 

We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, we recognize revenue when
control of our products and services is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive
from our customers in exchange for those products and services. To determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized for arrangements
determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we follow the five-step process. This process involves identifying the contract with a customer,
determining the performance obligations in the contract, determining the contract price, allocating the contract price to the distinct
performance obligations in the contract, and recognizing revenue when (or as) the performance obligations have been satisfied. A performance
obligation is considered distinct from other obligations in a contract when it provides a benefit to the customer either on its own or
together with other resources that are readily available to the customer and is separately identified in the contract. We only apply the
five-step process to contracts when it is probable that we will collect consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the
goods or services we transfer to the customer. 

44 

We evaluate contingent payments to estimate the amount which is not
probable of a material reversal to include in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. Future payments that are not
within our control and are not considered probable of being achieved until the contingencies are resolved. 

Revenue from product sales, including customized sequencing instruments
and sequencing reagent kits and off-the-shelf consumables, is recognized generally upon delivery, which is when control of the product
is deemed to be transferred. 

Revenue from gene sequencing services, using the tSMS platform, is
recognized generally as the services are provided to the customer. The components of the sequencing process, including reagent kits and
off-the-shelf consumables, sample loader and sequencer, are not distinct within the context of the genetic sequencing service contract.
This is because in a gene sequencing service contract the reagent kits and other components, such as off-the-shelf consumables, used in
the sequencing process become required inputs to achieve the specified gene sequencing analysis, and the components in the sequencing
process are sequential in nature and highly interrelated as they work together to generate sample-specific data. 

As our standard payment terms are less than one year, we have elected
the practical expedient under ASC 606-10-32-18 to not assess whether a contract has a significant financing component. 

We have elected to exclude sales tax from revenue. We generally have
no obligations for returns, refunds and other similar obligations and do not provide separate equipment warranties. We recognized 0 and
 16,484 in revenue from gene sequencing services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recognized 1,177 and
 31,537 in revenue from product sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Grant Revenue 

Our grant revenues are derived from research programs by various departments
of the National Institute of Health NIH ). 

Grants awarded to us for research and development by government entities
are outside the scope of the contracts with customers and contributions guidance. This is because these granting entities are not considered
to be customers and are not receiving reciprocal value for their grant support provided to us. These grants provide us with payments for
certain types of expenditures in return for research and development activities over a contractually defined period. 

We recognize NIH grant revenue as reimbursable grant costs that are
incurred up to pre-approved award limits within the budget period. The costs associated with these reimbursements are reflected as a component
of research and development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. In the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recognized grant revenue of 77,482 and 161,974, respectively. 

Investments in marketable securities 

We account for our investments in debt securities in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification ASC 320, Investments Debt Securities ASC 320 ).
Debt securities, which are comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury Securities, are measured at fair value, based on quoted market prices.
As we have classified our investments in debt securities as available-for-sale, we recognize all unrealized gains and losses in other
comprehensive income, net of tax, and recognize all realized gains and losses in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

45 

We account for our investments in equity securities in accordance with
ASC 321, Investments Equity Securities ASC 321 ). Equity securities, which are comprised of investments
in mutual funds shares, are measured at fair value, based on quoted market prices, with all gains and losses reported in our consolidated
statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

We may sell our debt or equity securities in response to changes in
interest rates, risk/reward characteristics, liquidity needs or other factors. 

JOBS Act 

Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to avail ourselves of this exemption
from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

For as long as we remain an emerging growth company under the recently-enacted
JOBS Act, we will, among other things: 

be
permitted to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related selected financial data and management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosure; 

be
entitled to rely on an exemption from compliance with the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

be
entitled to reduced disclosure obligations about executive compensation arrangements in our periodic reports, registration statements
and proxy statements; and 

be
exempt from the requirements to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 

We currently intend to take advantage of some or all of the reduced
regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to us so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company. 
Among other things, this means that our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, which may increase
the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

Likewise, so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we may
elect not to provide certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of our
executive officers, that we would otherwise have been required to provide in filings we make with the SEC, which may make it more difficult
for investors and securities analysts to evaluate our company. As a result, investor confidence in our company and the market price of
our common stock may be materially and adversely affected. 

46 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to
provide the information requested by this Item 7A. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS . 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are on pages F-1 through F-21 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal executive officer)
and Chief Financial Officer (who is our principal financial officer), conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, based upon the evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls
and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and
those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Report does not include an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

None. 

47 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

The following table provides information regarding our key employees
and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Executive Officers 

Daniel Jones 
 
 42 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Frances Scally 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Non-Employee Directors 

Patrice M. Milos, Ph.D. 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 Douglas Miscoll 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 David Pfeffer 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Executive Officers 

Daniel Jones is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board. He has been our co-founder, President, and a member of our board of directors since our inception. He has served as Chief
Executive Officer since May 2018 and was elected Chairman of the Board in March 2021. Prior to becoming our CEO, he was President
from inception to May 2018. Mr. Jones has over 15 years of biotechnology industry experience, including 12 plus years
in single molecule sequencing research. Prior to founding our company, Mr. Jones held various positions at Helicos Biosciences, a
publicly-traded biotechnology tools company. During his career at Helicos Biosciences, his responsibilities included applications development,
instrument prototyping and validation, customer support and bioinformatics analysis, as well as sales and operations. In 2008, Mr. Jones
ran the first ever direct RNA sequencing experiments while at Helicos. From December 2003 to March 2007, Mr. Jones worked
at U.S. Genomics in the Methods Development group and on development of its Trilogy 2020 Single Molecule Analyzer and Direct miRNA
assays. From December 2002 to December 2003, Mr. Jones worked at EXACT Sciences on its ColoGuard assay, a non-invasive,
now FDA-approved molecular diagnostic for colorectal cancer. Mr. Jones has authored or co-authored four publications and is named
on multiple patents or patent applications. He holds a B.S. degree from Trinity College and has studied biotechnology and bioinformatics
at Brandeis University and the University of Massachusetts. 

We believe Mr. Jones experience in the pharmaceutical industry
as well as his extensive understanding of our business, operations and strategy qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Frances Scally has served as our Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary since August 2022. Ms. Scally has over 30 years experience in strategic accounting and financial leadership,
including serving as chief financial officer, chief accounting officer and in other senior financial executive roles at both domestic
and multi-national public and private companies. Since October 2021, Ms. Scally has been a Managing Director at DLA LLC, an Advisory
firm, in which capacity she provides accounting advisory services. Prior to joining DLA LLC, Ms. Scally was the Chief Accounting Officer
and Acting Chief Financial Officer of Aceto Holdings, L.P. from April 2019 to April 2020, as well as the Chief Accounting Officer
of Aceto Corporation from March 2007 to April 2019. Aceto Corporation is an international company engaged in the development,
marketing, sale and distribution of human health products, pharmaceutical ingredients and performance chemicals. Prior to joining Aceto,
Ms. Scally was the Director of Financial Reporting and Compliance at Veeco Instruments Inc., a manufacturer of semiconductor process equipment,
from 1998-2007. From 1989-1998, Ms. Scally was employed by Ernst Young LLP. Ms. Scally received a bachelor s
degree in accounting from LIU Post and is a Certified Public Accountant. She is a member of New York State Society of CPAs and American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ms. Scally also is a Trustee and a member of the Finance Committee for St. Edward the Confessor
Church and School. 

Ms. Scally s services as our Chief Financial Officer are being
secured pursuant to the terms of our Master Services Agreement with DLA LLC, where Ms. Scally is an employee. 

48 

Non-Employee Directors 

Patrice M. Milos, Ph.D. has served as a member of
our board of directors since August 2021. Since September 2020, Dr. Milos has been Vice President, Scientific Operations
of Proof Diagnostics, Inc., a company that is developing a low-cost, rapid diagnostic, point-of-care testing platform for the detection
of COVID-19. From October 2016 to September 2020, Dr. Milos was a co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Medley-Genomics Inc., a company focused on using advanced data analytics to support better diagnosis and treatment of complex diseases.
From May 2013 to January 2016, Dr. Milos was President and Chief Executive Officer of Claritas Genomics Inc., a subsidiary
of Boston Children s Hospital that provided commercial next-generation pediatric molecular diagnostic testing. Additional experience
included executive roles at Helicos BioSciences and Pfizer, Inc. Dr. Milos is also a member of the board of directors of 54Gene Inc.,
a U.S. and Nigeria-based startup that collects African genetic code for use in health research and drug development, Slater
Technology Fund, a seed-stage venture investor in early-stage technology ventures, ProThera Biologics, a life-sciences company
developing a fundamentally new paradigm for treating severe inflammation and RI Bio, a bioscience, biotech, health and life sciences industry
network group dedicated to galvanizing collaboration among industry participants. Dr. Milos has received numerous awards and honors
within the life sciences industry and has authored or co-authored over 60 biotech or life sciences publications. She earned a B.A.
in biology and chemistry from The College of Saint Rose, a M.S. and Ph.D. in plant molecular genetics and biology from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute and has completed Post-Doctoral work at Harvard University and Brown University in plant and mouse molecular genetics. 

We believe Dr. Milos management experience and her extensive
background and experience in molecular genetics and biology qualifies her to serve on our board of directors. 

Douglas Miscoll has served as a member of our board of
directors since October 2015. Mr. Miscoll founded Ravello Precision Partners in 2015, which operated as a hedge fund focused
on genomic biology companies. Mr. Miscoll founded Ravello Partners LLC in 2010, which manages discretionary portfolios for families
and small institutions and is active in the biotechnology sector. From 1999 until 2009, Mr. Miscoll was a Managing Director at Newlight
Management, where he was responsible for managing all aspects of two private equity funds and a hedgefund focused on technology, media
and communications companies. He originated and directed the firm s public market investment activities. Previously, from 1994 to
1995, he was a Managing Director of Northgate Ventures, a venture capital fund focused on early stage technology companies. Mr. Miscoll
was a founding member of the management team that created K-III Communications, a leveraged build-up in the publishing and information
services industries sponsored by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. Mr. Miscoll received an M.B.A. from Georgetown University,
a Graduate Certificate from Templeton College, Oxford University, and a B.A. from Santa Clara University. 

We believe Mr. Miscoll s executive management experience
qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

David Pfeffer has served as a member of our board of
directors since September 2018 and is currently our Audit Committee Chairman. Mr. Pfeffer has over 30 years of experience
in diverse roles in financial services; leading companies, developing and executing strategy, building businesses up from the ground floor
and driving innovation to grow in today s ultra-competitive and dynamic global economy. Mr. Pfeffer is currently CEO of
Brick Citi Capital, LLC, an investment services and business advisory firm founded in 2019. Previously, he was Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Oppenheimer Funds, a global asset manager, from 2004 to 2019. He was a Management Director on the Oppenheimer
Funds, Inc. board and President of Oppenheimer Funds Harbourview Asset Management. From 2009 to 2019, Mr. Pfeffer served as an Independent
Director at ICI Mutual Insurance Co., including a role as Audit Committee Chairman. From 2000 to 2004, Mr. Pfeffer worked as Institutional
Chief Financial Officer and Director at Citigroup Asset Management. Mr. Pfeffer was at J.P. Morgan from 1984 to 2000, where
he gained significant international experience serving as Chief Financial Officer and Director of JPM Brazil for five years in S o
Paulo and supported JPM s international businesses during his 16 year tenure there. Mr. Pfeffer worked as a public accountant
at Ernst Whinney from 1981 to 1984. Mr. Pfeffer is a Certified Public Accountant, a Chartered Global Management Accountant
and has his FINRA Series 99 Operations Professional license. He graduated Cum Laude from the University of Delaware with a B.S. in
Accounting. 

We believe Mr. Pfeffer s experience in corporate governance
and capital markets qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between or among any of our directors
or executive officers. There are no family relationships among our officers and directors and those of our subsidiaries and affiliated
companies. 

Board Composition and Classified Board Structure 

In accordance with the terms of our restated certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws, our Board is currently divided into three classes with staggered, three-year terms. At each annual
meeting of stockholders, the successor to each director whose term then expires will be elected to serve from the time of election and
qualification until the third annual meeting of stockholders following election or such director s death, resignation or removal,
whichever is earliest to occur. The current class structure is as follows: Class I (consisting of Mr. Jones and Dr. Milos),
whose term currently expires at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; Class II (consisting of Mr. Miscoll), whose term will
expire at the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; and Class III (consisting of Mr. Pfeffer), whose term will expire at the
2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

49 

The primary responsibilities of our board of directors are to provide
oversight, strategic guidance, counseling and direction to our management. Our board of directors meets on a regular basis. Upon completion
of this offering, our bylaws will be amended and restated to provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution
of the board of directors. We have no formal policy regarding board diversity. Our priority in selection of board members is identification
of members who will further the interests of our stockholders through his or her established record of professional accomplishment, the
ability to contribute positively to the collaborative culture among board members, knowledge of our business and understanding of the
competitive landscape. 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require a majority of a listed company s
board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within one year of listing. In addition, the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require
that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance
committees be independent and that audit committee members also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, a
director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our board of directors, that person does not
have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, a member of an audit committee of a listed
company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee,
accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries
or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Our board of directors has reviewed the composition of our board of
directors and its committees and the independence of each director. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director
concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our board of directors has determined that
each of Patrice Milos, Doug Miscoll and David Pfeffer is an independent director as defined under Rule 5605(a)(2) of
the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. Our board of directors also determined that the directors who serve on our audit committee, our compensation
committee and our nominating and corporate governance committee satisfy the independence standards for such committees established by
the SEC and the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, as applicable. In making such determinations, our board of directors considered the relationships
that each such non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant
in determining independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. 

Board Diversity 

In August 2021, the SEC approved a Nasdaq Stock Market proposal to
adopt new listing rules relating to board diversity and disclosure. As approved by the SEC, the new Nasdaq listing rules require all Nasdaq
listed companies to disclose consistent, transparent diversity statistics regarding their boards of directors. The Board Diversity Matrix
below presents the Board s diversity statistics in the format prescribed by the Nasdaq rules. 

Board Diversity Matrix (As of March 7, 2023) 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 4 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not 
 Disclose 
 Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 1 
 2 
 
 1 
 
 Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or Native American 

Asian 

Hispanic or Latin 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 
 1 
 2 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 1 

Board Meetings and Committees 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
our board of directors held ten meetings (including regularly scheduled and special meetings), and no director attended fewer than 75 
of the total number of meetings of the board of directors and the committees of which he or she was a member. In addition, during the
year ended December 31, 2022, our board of directors acted by unanimous written consent on two occasions. 

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members
of our board of directors at annual meetings of stockholders, we encourage, but do not require, directors to attend. 

Our board of directors has established three standing committees audit,
compensation, and nominating and corporate governance each of which operates under a charter approved by our board
of directors. Copies of each committee s charter has been posted on the Investor Relations section of our website, which is located
at www.seqll.com . Each committee has the composition and responsibilities described below. Our board of directors may from time
to time establish other committees. 

50 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee consists of David Pfeffer, who is the chair of
the committee, Douglas Miscoll and Patrice Milos. Our board of directors has determined that each of the members of our audit committee
satisfies the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and SEC independence requirements. The functions of this committee include, among other things: 

evaluating
the performance, independence and qualifications of our independent auditors and determining whether to retain our existing independent
auditors or engage new independent auditors; 

reviewing
and approving the engagement of our independent auditors to perform audit services and any permissible non-audit services; 

reviewing
our annual and quarterly financial statements and reports, including the disclosures contained under the caption Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and discussing the statements and reports with our independent
auditors and management; 

reviewing
with our independent auditors and management significant issues that arise regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentation
and matters concerning the scope, adequacy and effectiveness of our financial controls; 

reviewing
our major financial risk exposures, including the guidelines and policies to govern the process by which risk assessment and risk management
is implemented; and 

reviewing
and evaluating on an annual basis the performance of the audit committee, including compliance of the audit committee with its charter. 

Our board of directors has determined that David Pfeffer qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of applicable SEC regulations and meets the financial sophistication
requirements of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. In making this determination, our board of directors has considered Mr. Pfeffer s
extensive financial experience and business background. Both our independent registered public accounting firm and management periodically
meets privately with our audit committee. 

The audit
committee had ten meetings in 2022. The audit committee operates
under a written charter that was adopted by our board of directors and satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards
of the NASDAQ Stock Market. A copy of the audit committee charter is available on our website at www.seqll. com . 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee consists of Douglas Miscoll, who is the
chair of the committee, and David Pfeffer and Patrice Milos. Our Board has determined that each of the members of our compensation committee
satisfies the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules independence requirements. The functions of this committee include, among other things: 

reviewing,
modifying and approving (or if it deems appropriate, making recommendations to the full board of directors regarding) our overall compensation
strategy and policies; 

reviewing
and approving the compensation, the performance goals and objectives relevant to the compensation, and other terms of employment of our
executive officers; 

reviewing
and approving (or if it deems appropriate, making recommendations to the full board of directors regarding) the equity incentive plans,
compensation plans and similar programs advisable for us, as well as modifying, amending or terminating existing plans and programs; 

reviewing
and approving the terms of any employment agreements, severance arrangements, change in control protections and any other compensatory
arrangements for our executive officers; 

reviewing
with management and approving our disclosures under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis in our periodic reports
or proxy statements to be filed with the SEC; and 

preparing
the report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement. 

None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal
year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of another entity that had one or more of its executive
officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. None of the members of our compensation committee has
been at any time one of our officers or employees. 

Our compensation
committee had two meetings in 2022. The compensation committee
operates under a written charter that was adopted by our board of directors and satisfies the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing
standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. A copy of the compensation committee charter is available on our website at www.seqll.com . 

51 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Douglas
Miscoll, who is the chair of the committee, and Patrice Milos and David Pfeffer. Our board of directors has determined that each of the
members of this committee satisfies the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules independence requirements. The functions of this committee include, among
other things: 

identifying,
reviewing and evaluating candidates to serve on our board of directors consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

evaluating
director performance on our board of directors and applicable committees of our board of directors and determining whether continued
service on our board of directors is appropriate; 

evaluating,
nominating and recommending individuals for membership on our board of directors; and 

evaluating
nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to our board of directors. 

During 2022,
our nominating and corporate governance committee met one time .
The nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter that was adopted by our board of directors and satisfies
the applicable rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. A copy of the nominating and corporate governance
committee charter is available on our website at www.seqll.com . 

Scientific Advisors 

Our executive team is supported by our Scientific Advisors. The Scientific
Advisors provide scientific advice regarding our tSMS technology to our executive team. Each our Scientific Advisors was selected based
on experience with our tSMS technology and familiarity with our tSMS sequencers. The Scientific Advisors are not required to provide any
particular services to us and are not currently compensated, except for periodic awards of stock options. 

Efrat Shema, Ph.D. Principal Investigator
and Assistant Professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science. Dr. Shema completed her M.Sc. and Ph.D. at the Weizmann Institute in
2007 and 2012 in molecular cell biology, after earning her B.Sc. in life sciences at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 2005. She moved
to Boston in 2012 as a Fulbright Scholar, conducting post-doctoral work under Dr. Bradley Bernstein at Massachusetts General Hospital,
Harvard Medical School, and the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. During her Ph.D. studies at the Weizmann Institute, Dr. Shema
received a prestigious Adams Fellowship from the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities, as well as the Otto Schwartz Prize for Excellence
and a UNESCO-L OREAL national award for young women in life sciences. Dr. Shema collaborates with us to study epigenetic events
that contribute to cellular differentiation, early development and cancer using innovative single-molecule technologies. 

Claes Wahlestedt, M.D., Ph.D. Director,
Center for Therapeutic Innovation, Leonard M. Miller Professor and Associate Dean for therapeutic innovation at the University of
Miami. From 2005 to 2011, he was a professor and director of neuroscience at The Scripps Research Institute. The author of over 300 papers
in scientific journals, with over 43,000 citations, Dr. Wahlestedt has a long-standing interest in genomics and epigenetics and has
pioneered various translational efforts in these fields. At Scripps in 2008, he co-founded CuRNA (now part of Opko Health), a spin-off
company based on his patent for targeting regulatory noncoding RNAs to up-regulate therapeutic proteins. In 2011, he co-founded Epigenetix
Inc., a University of Miami spin-off focusing on small molecule drugs for a variety of drug targets in cancer and neuroscience. Dr. Wahlestedt
advises us on applications development and scientific strategy. 

Philipp Kapranov, Ph.D. Professor and Director,
Institute of Genomics at HuaQiao University, Xiamen, China. Dr. Kapranov s primary research interest includes systems biology
and genomics in the context of gene expression and discovery of new RNA species (both protein-coding and non-coding) and their functions,
especially in the context of human disease particularly cancer. Dr. Kapranov received his B.Sc. in microbial biotechnology, from
Kiev Institute of Food Industry, Ukraine, and his Ph.D. in genetics from Michigan State University. Previously, he was a Senior Scientist
at Affymetrix where his research first demonstrated an order of magnitude increase in transcriptional activity on human chromosomes 21
and 22 over that accounted for by previously characterized and predicted exons. Dr. Kapranov is a long-time collaborator of ours
who purchased and deployed the first HeliScope in China, which his lab uses for researching non-coding RNA and basic science. 

52 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our board of directors has adopted a written code of conduct that applies
to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of the code and all disclosures that are required by law
or Nasdaq Marketplace Rules concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code is posted on our website, which is
located at www.seqll.com . 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our board of directors is free to select the Chairman of the board
of directors and a Chief Executive Officer in a manner that it considers to be in the best interests of our company at the time of selection.
Currently, Daniel Jones serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors. We currently believe that this leadership
structure is in our best interests. As Chairman of the Board, Mr. Jones key responsibilities include facilitating communication
between our board of directors and management, assessing management s performance, managing board members, preparation of the agenda
for each board meeting, acting as chair of board meetings and meetings of our company s stockholders and managing relations with
stockholders, other stakeholders and the public. 

We will take steps to ensure that adequate structures and processes
are in place to permit our board of directors to function independently of management. The directors will be able to request at any time
a meeting restricted to independent directors for the purposes of discussing matters independently of management and are encouraged to
do so should they feel that such a meeting is required. 

Our board of directors, as a whole and also at the committee level,
plays an active role overseeing the overall management of our risks. Our Audit Committee reviews risks related to financial and operational
items with our management and our independent registered public accounting firm. Our board of directors is in regular contact with our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who report directly to our board of directors and who supervise day-to-day risk
management. 

Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process 

We face a number of risks, including those described herein under
the caption Risk Factors. Our board of directors believes that risk management is an important part of establishing, updating
and executing on our business strategy. Our board of directors has oversight responsibility relating to risks that could affect our corporate
strategy, business objectives, compliance, operations, and the financial condition and performance. Our board of directors focuses its
oversight on the most significant risks facing us and, on our processes, to identify, prioritize, assess, manage and mitigate those risks.
Our board of directors receives regular reports from members of our senior management on areas of material risk to us, including strategic,
operational, financial, legal and regulatory risks. While our board of directors has an oversight role, management is principally tasked
with direct responsibility for management and assessment of risks and the implementation of processes and controls to mitigate their
effects on us. 

53 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 

The following table sets forth total compensation paid to our named
executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Individuals we refer to as our named executive officers 
include our Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer whose salary and bonus for services rendered in all capacities exceeded
 100,000 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Currently, we do not have employment agreements with any of our executive
officers, although we may enter into employment agreements with our officers in the future. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Daniel Jones 
 2022 
 225,000 
 50,000 (4) 
 178,179 

453,179 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 106,667 
 150,000 (2) 

256,667 
 
 John W. Kennedy (3) 
 2022 
 115,000 
 
 133,634 

248,634 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 67,275 
 100,000 
 114,530 

281,805 
 
 Frances Scally (5) 
 2022 
 78,250 

78,250 

(1) The
amounts reported in the Option Awards column reflect the aggregate fair value of stock-based compensation awarded during
the year computed in accordance with the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718, or ASC 718. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022
included in this report regarding assumptions underlying the valuation of equity awards. These amounts reflect the accounting cost for
these stock options and do not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the named executive officer upon the vesting
of the stock options, the exercise of the stock options, or the sale of the common stock underlying such stock options. 

(2) Of
this bonus, 75,000 was deferred to, and paid in, 2022. 

(3) Mr. Kennedy
resigned his position as our Chief Financial Officer on August 9, 2022. 

(4) The
 50,000 bonus was paid in 2023. 

(5) Ms.
Scally was appointed our Chief Financial Officer on August 8, 2022. Ms. Scally is a consultant to our company and all compensation for
her services is paid to DLA, LLC, a financial consulting firm with which Ms. Scally is employed. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides information as of December 31,
2022, regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

Plan category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column
 (a)) (c) 
 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 
 2,003,919 
 1.88 
 1,496,081 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved
 by security holders 
 -- 
 -- 

Total 
 2,003,919 
 1.88 
 1,496,081 

SeqLL Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 

Our board of directors and our stockholders originally approved our
2014 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2014 Plan, in April 2014. Our 2014 Plan allows for the grant of equity-based awards to our and
our affiliates officers, employees, directors and key persons. On March 18, 2021, our board of directors and stockholders
approved an amendment and restatement of our 2014 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock available for equity awards under
the 2014 plan to 3.5 million shares. The description below is of our 2014 Plan as amended and restated, except as otherwise noted. 

54 

Purpose. The purpose of our 2014 Plan, as amended and
restated, is to encourage and enable our and our affiliates officers, employees, directors and other key persons (including consultants
and prospective employees) upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts we largely depend for the successful conduct of our business to
acquire a proprietary interest in our company. 

Eligibility. Participants in our 2014 Plan may include
full or part-time officers, employees, directors and key persons (including advisors and consultants) of our company or our affiliates
who are selected to receive awards from time to time by the administrator in its sole discretion. 

Administration. Our 2014 Plan is administered by our
compensation committee, or, if at any time our compensation committee is not in existence, our board of directors. In addition, to the
extent applicable law permits, our board of directors may delegate any of its authority under our 2014 Plan to another committee or one
or more officers, and our compensation committee may delegate any of its authority hereunder to a sub-committee or to one or more officers,
except that no such delegation is permitted with respect to awards made to individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act
unless the delegation is to another committee consisting entirely of nonemployee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3
of the Exchange Act. Subject to the provisions of our 2014 Plan, the administrator has the power to administer the plan, including
but not limited to, the power to select the eligible officers, employees, directors, and key employees to whom awards are granted; to
determine the number of shares to be covered by each award; to determine the terms and conditions of any award and to amend any outstanding
award. 

Authorized Shares. As of December 31, 2022, a total of
3,500,000 shares of our common stock were authorized for issuance under our 2014 Plan, and at such date, stock grants of an aggregate
of 2,003,919 shares had been made under the 2014 Plan, and 1,496,081 shares authorized under the 2014 Plan remained available
for award purposes. All of the authorized shares may be issued pursuant to incentive stock options. The shares available for issuance
may be authorized but unissued shares or shares reacquired by us and held in its treasury. The share reserve under our 2014 Plan is depleted
by the maximum number of shares, if any, that may be issuable under an award as determined at the time of grant. However, awards that
may only be settled in cash (determined at the time of grant) do not deplete the share reserve. 

If (1) an award lapses, expires, terminates or is cancelled without
the issuance of shares, (2) it is determined during or at the conclusion of the term of an award that all or some portion of the
shares with respect to which the award was granted will not be issuable on the basis that the conditions for such issuance will not be
satisfied, (3) shares are forfeited under an award, (4) shares are issued under any award and we subsequently reacquire them
pursuant to rights reserved upon the issuance, (5) an award or a portion thereof is settled in cash, or shares are withheld by us
in payment of the exercise price or withholding taxes of an award, then such shares will be recredited to the reserve and may again be
used for new awards. However, shares recredited to reserve pursuant to clause (4) in the preceding sentence may not be issued pursuant
to incentive stock options. 

Adjustments to Shares. If, as a result of any reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in our capital stock, the
outstanding shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of our company,
or additional shares or new or different shares or other securities of our company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect
to such shares or other securities, or, if, as a result of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets,
the outstanding shares are converted into or exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of our company or any successor entity
(or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the administrator will make an appropriate or proportionate adjustment in (1) the maximum number
of shares reserved for issuance under our 2014 Plan; (2) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding
awards under our 2014 Plan; and (3) the exercise price for each share subject to any then outstanding stock options. The administrator
also may adjust the number of shares subject to outstanding awards and the exercise price and the terms of outstanding awards to take
into consideration material changes in accounting practices or principles, extraordinary dividends, acquisitions or dispositions of stock
or property or any other event if it is determined by the administrator that such adjustment is appropriate to avoid distortion in the
operation of our 2014 Plan, subject to the limitations described in our 2014 Plan. 

Effect of a Sale Event. Unless otherwise provided in an award
or other agreement, upon a sale event, if the successor or surviving corporation (or parent thereof) so agrees, then, without
the consent of any holder of an award (or other person with rights in an award), some or all outstanding awards may be assumed, or replaced
with the same type of award with similar terms and conditions, subject to adjustments described in our 2014 Plan, by the successor or
surviving corporation (or parent thereof) in the sale event. A sale event is generally defined for this purpose as (1) any
person becoming the beneficial owner of 50 or more of the combined voting power of our then-outstanding securities (subject to exceptions
and other limitations scribed in our 2014 Plan), (2) our stockholders approving a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of
our company, (3) the consummation of (a) an agreement for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets
(other than to certain excluded persons), (b) a merger, consolidation or reorganization of our company with or involving any other
corporation (subject to specified exceptions), or (4) a change in the majority of our board of directors that is not approved by
a supermajority of the existing board. More detailed descriptions and additional information on limitations relating to each of these
sale events are in our 2014 Plan. 

If, after a sale event in which the awards are assumed or replaced,
the award holder experiences a termination event as a result of a termination of service without cause, due to death or disability, or
as a result of a resignation for good reason, in each case within 24 months after a sale event, then the award holder s awards
will be vested in full or deemed earned in full (assuming target performance, if applicable). 

To the extent the awards are not assumed or replaced in the sale event,
then, (1) each option will become immediately and fully vested and, unless the administrator determines otherwise, will be canceled
on the sale event in exchange for a cash payment equal to the excess of the price paid in the sale event over the exercise price of the
option, and all options with an exercise price lower than the price paid in the sale event will be canceled for no consideration, (2) restricted
stock and restricted stock units (not subject to performance goals) will be vested in full and settled, along with any accompanying
dividend equivalent units, and (3) all awards subject to performance goals with outstanding performance periods will be canceled
in exchange for a cash payment equal to the amount that would have been due under the award if performance had been satisfied at the better
of target or the performance trend through the sale event. 

55 

Solely with respect to awards granted on and after the completion of
this offering, and except as otherwise expressly provided in any agreement with an award holder, if the receipt of any payment by an award
holder under the circumstances described above would result in the payment by the award holder of any excise tax provided for in Section 280G
and Section 4999 of the Code, then the amount of such payment shall be reduced to the extent required to prevent the imposition of
such excise tax. 

Limit on Director Awards. The maximum value of awards
granted during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director, taken together with any cash fees paid during the fiscal year to the
non-employee director in respect of the director s service as a member of our board of directors during such year (including service
as a member or chair of any committees of the board), shall not exceed 800,000 in total value for the first year of service and 400,000
for future years of service (calculating the value of any such awards based on the grant date fair value of such awards for financial
reporting purposes). 

Types of Awards. Awards under our 2014 Plan may consist
of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards, unrestricted stock awards, restricted stock units,
or any combination of those awards. Some provisions of our 2014 Plan relating to these award types are summarized below. 

Stock Options. A stock option is an award entitling the
recipient to acquire shares, at such exercise price as determined by the administrator (which may not be lower than the fair market value
of the underlying shares on the date of grant) and subject to such restrictions and conditions as the administrator may determine at the
time of grant. Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship) and/or achievement of pre-established
performance goals and objectives. Stock options granted under our 2014 Plan may be either non-qualified stock options or incentive stock
options. Incentive stock options may be granted only to our employees or employees of our subsidiaries, and must certain requirements
specified in our 2014 Plan and the Code. Stock options will become exercisable at such time or times as determined by the administrator
at or after the grant date and set forth in the stock option agreement. The administrator may at any time accelerate the exercisability
of all or any portion of any stock option. 

Restricted Stock. A restricted stock award is a grant
(or sale, at such purchase price as determined by the administrator) of shares that are subject to such restrictions and conditions as
the administrator may determine at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other service relationship)
or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives. The terms and conditions of each such agreement shall be determined
by the administrator. 

Unrestricted Stock. The administrator may grant (or sell
at par value or such higher purchase price determined by the administrator) unrestricted shares, in respect of past services, in exchange
for cancellation of a compensation right, as a bonus, or any other valid consideration, or in lieu of any cash compensation due to such
individual. 

Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalent Units. The
administrator may grant restricted stock units representing the right to receive a future payment of cash, the amount of which is
determined by reference to our shares, shares or a combination of cash and shares. The administrator will determine all terms and conditions
of an award of restricted stock units, including but not limited to the number granted, in what form they will be settled, whether
performance goals must be achieved for the restricted stock units to be earned, the length of any vesting or performance period and
the date of payment, and whether the grant will include dividend equivalent units. The administrator will determine all terms and
conditions of an award of dividend equivalent units, including whether payment will be made in cash or shares. However, no dividend
equivalent units may be paid with respect to restricted stock units that are not earned or that do not become vested. 

Termination of Employment or Service. Except as otherwise
provided in any award agreement or an award holder s employment offer letter, severance letter or services agreement, or as determined
by administrator at the time of the award holder s termination of employment or service: 

If
the termination is for cause, the award holder will forfeit all outstanding awards immediately upon termination and will not be permitted
to exercise any stock options following termination. 

If
the termination is due to the award holder s death or disability (when the award holder could not have been terminated for cause),
the award holder will forfeit the unvested portion of any award, and any vested stock options will remain exercisable until the earlier
of the original stock option expiration date or 12 months from the date of termination. 

If
the termination was for any reason other than cause, death or disability (when the award holder could not have been terminated for cause),
the award holder will forfeit the unvested portion of any award, and any vested stock options will remain exercisable until the earlier
of the original stock option expiration date or three months from the date of termination. 

Term of Plan and Plan Amendments. Our 2014 Plan will
continue until all shares reserved for issuance under our 2014 Plan have been issued, or, if earlier, until such time as the administrator
terminates our 2014 Plan as described below. No incentive stock options may be granted after the ten (10) year anniversary of the
date of stockholder approval of the amendment and restatement of our 2014 Plan unless the stockholders have approved an extension. 

56 

Our board of directors may, at any time, amend, terminate or discontinue
our 2014 Plan, except that our stockholders must approve any amendment to the extent approval is required by Section 16 of the Exchange Act,
the Code, the listing requirements of any principal securities exchange or market on which our shares are then traded or any other applicable
law. In addition, stockholders must approve any amendment to our 2014 Plan that would materially increase the number of shares reserved
(except as permitted by the adjustment provisions of our 2014 Plan) or that would diminish the protections afforded by the anti-repricing
provisions of our 2014 Plan. 

Any termination of our 2014 Plan will not affect the authority of our
board of directors and the administrator to administer outstanding awards or affect the rights of award holders with respect to awards
previously granted to them. 

Award Amendments, Cancellation and Disgorgement. Subject
to the anti-repricing and other requirements of our 2014 Plan, the administrator may modify, amend or cancel any award. However, except
as otherwise provided in our 2014 Plan or an award agreement, the consent of the award holder is required to any amendment that materially
diminishes the holder s rights under the award. Our 2014 Plan includes exceptions to the consent requirement for actions necessary
to comply with applicable law or the listing requirements of securities exchanges, to preserve favorable accounting or tax treatment of
any award for our company or to the extent the administrator determines that an action does not materially and adversely affect the value
of the award or is in the best interest of the affected award holder or any other person who has an interest in the award. 

The administrator has full power and authority to terminate or cause
an award holder to forfeit an award, and require an award holder to disgorge to us, any gains attributable to the award, if the award
holder engages in any action constituting, as determined by the administrator in its discretion, cause for termination, or a breach of
any award agreement or any other agreement between the award holder and us or one of our affiliates concerning noncompetition, non-solicitation,
confidentiality, trade secrets, intellectual property, non-disparagement or similar obligations. In addition, any awards granted pursuant
to our 2014 Plan, and any shares issued or cash paid pursuant to an award, will be subject to any recoupment or claw-back policy that
is adopted by us from time to time, or any recoupment or similar requirement otherwise made applicable to us by law, regulation or listing
standards. 

Repricing and Backdating Prohibited. Notwithstanding
anything in our 2014 Plan to the contrary, and except for the adjustments provided for in our 2014 Plan, neither the administrator nor
any other person may (1) amend the terms of outstanding stock options to reduce the exercise or grant price of such outstanding stock
options; (2) cancel outstanding stock options in exchange for stock options with an exercise or grant price that is less than the
exercise or grant price of the original stock options; or (3) cancel outstanding stock options with an exercise or grant price above
the current fair market value of a share in exchange for cash or other securities. In addition, the administrator may not make a grant
of a stock option with a grant date that is effective prior to the date the administrator takes action to approve the award. 

Incentive
Plan Awards 

The following table sets forth information relating
to stock option grants made to our named executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Date
of Option 
Grant 
 # of Options 
 Fair 
Value ) (1) 
 
 Daniel Jones 
 January 13, 2022 
 200,000 
 178,179 
 
 John W. Kennedy 
 January 13, 2022 
 150,000 
 133,634 

(1) Reflects the aggregate fair value computed in accordance with
the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC 718.
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this report regarding
assumptions underlying the valuation of equity awards. These amounts reflect the accounting cost for these stock options and do not reflect
the actual economic value that may be realized by the named executive officer upon the vesting of the stock options, the exercise of
the stock options, or the sale of the common stock underlying such stock options. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth outstanding equity awards to our named
executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options (#) 
Unexercisable (1) 

Option 
Exercise 
Price 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number of Shares or 
Units of 
Stock that 
have not 
Vested 

Market 
 Value of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock that 
 have 
 not 
 Vested 

Daniel Jones 

178,378 

2.46 

9/5/2028 

Daniel Jones 

200,000 

200,000 

1.73 

1/13/2032 

John W. Kennedy 

135,136 

2.46 

9/5/2028 

John W. Kennedy 

100,000 

2.52 

12/6/2031 

John W. Kennedy 

150,000 

150,000 

1.73 

1/13/2032 

57 

Director Compensation 

General. The following discussion describes the significant
elements of the expected compensation program for members of our board of directors and its committees. The compensation of our directors
is designed to attract and retain committed and qualified directors and to align their compensation with the long-term interests
of our shareholders. Directors who are also executive officers (each, an Excluded Director will not be entitled to receive
any compensation for his or her service as a director, committee member or Chair of our board of directors or of any committee of our
board of directors. 

Director Compensation Arrangements. Our non-employee director
compensation program is designed to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors. Our board of directors,
on the recommendation of our compensation committee, will be responsible for reviewing and approving any changes to the directors 
compensation arrangements. In consideration for serving on our board of directors, each director (other than Excluded Directors) will
be paid an annual retainer. All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred while serving as
directors. 

Our board of directors has approved the following compensation program
for the non-employee members of our board of directors. 

Cash Compensation. Under such program, we will pay each non-employee director
a cash fee, payable quarterly, of 4,167 per month for service on our board of directors. 

Equity Awards. Each non-employee director will receive
a one-time initial stock option award for 16,216 shares of our common stock, which options shall vest in arrears in two equal
tranches on the first and second anniversaries of service on our Board. Each non-employee director shall also be eligible to receive
grants of stock options, each in an amount designated by the Compensation Committee of our board of directors, from any equity compensation
plan approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board. 

In addition to such compensation, we will reimburse each non-employee director
for all pre-approved expenses within 30 days of receiving satisfactory written documentation setting out the expense actually
incurred by such director. These include reasonable transportation and lodging costs incurred for attendance at any meeting of our board
of directors. 

The following table sets forth the director compensation we accrued
in the year ended December 31, 2022 (excluding compensation to our executive officers set forth in the summary compensation table
above). 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Option Awards (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Douglas Miscoll 
 50,000 
 66,441 
 116,441 
 
 David Pfeffer 
 60,000 (1) 
 66,441 
 126,441 
 
 Patrice M. Milos, Ph.D. 
 50,000 
 66,441 
 116,441 

Total: 
 160,000 
 199,323 
 359,323 

(1) 
 
 Of the amount reported in the Fees or Paid in Cash column, 10,000 was deferred to and paid in 2023. 

(2) Reflects the aggregate fair value computed in accordance with
the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC 718.
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this report regarding
assumptions underlying the valuation of equity awards. These amounts reflect the accounting cost for these stock options and do not reflect
the actual economic value that may be realized by the named director upon the vesting of the stock options, the exercise of the stock
options, or the sale of the common stock underlying such stock options. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of March 1, 2023 by: 

each
person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
of our directors; 

each
of our named executive officers; and 

all
directors and executive officers as a group. 

58 

The amounts and percentages of common stock beneficially owned are
reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of
the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, 
which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power
to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which
that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after March 1, 2023. Under these rules, more than one person
may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has
no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The applicable percentage ownership prior to this
offering is based on 13,886,379 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 1, 2023. 

Unless otherwise noted below, the address of the persons listed on
the table is c/o SeqLL Inc., 3 Federal Street, Billerica, Massachusetts 01821. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Daniel Jones (1) 
 2,633,243 
 18.6 
 
 John W. Kennedy (2) 
 282,010 
 2.0 
 
 Frances Scally 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dr. Patrice M. Milos (3) 
 62,027 

Douglas Miscoll (4) 
 138,174 
 1.0 
 
 David Pfeffer (5) 
 61,216 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 3,176,670 
 21.8 
 
 5 Stockholders 

William C. St. Laurent (6) 
 3,981,206 
 27.6 
 
 St. Laurent Investments, LLC (7) 
 2,054,403 
 14.3 
 
 Wendy St. Laurent (8) 
 744,243 
 5.4 

Represents
beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) Includes
(i) 2,392,365 shares of common stock and (ii) 240,878 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
stock options. 

(2) Represents
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options. 

(3) Includes
(i) 10,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 52,027 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
stock options. 

(4) Includes
(i) 54,729 shares of common stock and (ii) 83,445 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
stock options. 

(5) Includes
(i) 20,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 41,216 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
stock options. 

(6) Includes
(i) 16,216 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options and (ii) 744,243 shares
of common stock held by Mr. St. Laurent s spouse, (iii) 2,054,403 shares of common stock beneficially owned by St.
Laurent Investments LLC, (iv) 583,172 shares of common stock beneficially owned by the Georges C. St. Laurent III
Descendants Trust and (v) 583,172 shares of common stock beneficially owned by the William C. St Laurent Descendant s
Trust. The address of Mr. St. Laurent is 120 NE 136 Avenue, Vancouver, WA 98684. 

(7) Includes
(i) 1,530,583 shares of common stock, and (ii) 523,820 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of currently
exercisable warrants. William C. St. Laurent is the managing member of St. Laurent Investments, LLC and, as a result, may be
deemed to have voting and investment power with respect to the shares held by St. Laurent Investments, LLC. The address of St. Laurent
Investments, LLC is 120 NE 136 Avenue, Vancouver, WA 98684. 

(8) The
address of Wendy St. Laurent is 120 NE 136 Avenue, Vancouver, WA 98684. 

59 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

A related party transaction is any actual or proposed
transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness
not in the ordinary course of business, to which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or
are a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average
of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related party had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. A related party includes: 

any
person who is, or at any time during the applicable period was, one of our executive officers or one of our directors; 

any
person who beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock; 

any
immediate family member of any of the foregoing; or 

any
entity in which any of the foregoing is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 10 or greater
beneficial ownership interest. 

In March 2021, our board of directors adopted a written related-party transactions
policy. Pursuant to this policy, the Audit Committee of our board of directors will review all material facts of all related-party transactions
and either approve or disapprove entry into the related-party transaction, subject to certain limited exceptions. In determining
whether to approve or disapprove entry into a related-party transaction, our Audit Committee shall take into account, among other
factors, the following: (i) whether the related-party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available
from an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in
the transaction; and (iii) whether the transaction would impair the independence of a non-employee director. 

Related Party Transactions 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had the following outstanding payables
to affiliated parties for past services: 

December 31, 2022 

Genomic Diagnostic Technologies 
 925 
 
 St. Laurent Institute 
 232,418 
 
 St. Laurent Realty, Inc. 
 7,558 
 
 Total related party payables 
 240,901 

The above entities are affiliated with (1) William C. St. Laurent,
a former member of the Company s board of directors, (2) relatives of Mr. St. Laurent or (3) entities controlled by the St. Laurent
family, who are controlling shareholders of the Company. St. Laurent Realty, Inc. and Genomic Diagnostic Technologies assisted the Company
by previously providing corporate accounting support; St. Laurent Institute, a non-for-profit company, provided bioinformatics specialist
support for certain sequencing services. 

From April 29, 2019 to April 29, 2020, we entered into a series of non-convertible
promissory notes (the Promissory Notes with St. Laurent Investments LLC amounting to 1,375,000. The Promissory Notes had
a one-year term with interest accruing at 10 per annum. In October 2021, we entered into an agreement with St. Laurent Investments LLC
to reduce the interest on 1,375,000 principal amount of the Promissory Notes from 10 to 5 per year starting on October 1, 2021. In
June 2022, we entered into an agreement with St. Laurent Investments LLC to extend the maturity date of the 1,375,000 Promissory Note
to July 31, 2024. 

60 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following table sets forth the fees billed to us for professional
services rendered by Wolf Co. for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Services 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit fees 

147,800 

150,502 

Audit-related fees 

8,700 

68,750 

Total fees 

156,500 

219,252 

(1) Audit
Fees Audit fees consist of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of the interim
consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Audit-Related
Fees These consisted principally of the aggregate fees related to audits that are not included Audit Fees. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The Audit Committee has the authority to appoint or replace our independent
registered public accounting firm (subject, if applicable, to stockholder ratification). The Audit Committee is also responsible for the
compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between
management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing
an audit report or related work. The independent registered public accounting firm was engaged by, and reports directly to, the Audit
Committee. 

The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit services and permitted
non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm,
subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act and
Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X, provided that all such excepted services are subsequently approved prior to the
completion of the audit. We have complied with the procedures set forth above, and the Audit Committee has otherwise complied with the
provisions of its charter. 

61 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . 

Incorporation
 by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibits 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/31/21 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/31/21 
 
 3.2 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/23/22 
 
 4.1 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen common stock certificate 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 5/22/19 
 
 4.1 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement dated as of August 31, 2021 between SeqLL Inc. and VSTOCK Transfer LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/31/21 
 
 10.1 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 8/16/21 
 
 4.6 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-1 
 
 3/31/21 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.2 
 
 License Agreement dated March 15, 2013 between SeqLL, LLC and Helicos Biosciences Corporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/23/19 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.3 
 
 Sub-License Agreement dated March 15, 2013 between SeqLL, LLC and Helicos Biosciences Corporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 4/23/19 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.13 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement dated as of September 30, 2018 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 5/28/21 
 
 10.13 
 
 22 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/23/22 
 
 22 
 
 23 
 
 Consent of Wolf Company, P.C. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

# 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 

62 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized, on the 16th day of March, 2023. 

SEQLL INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Jones 

Daniel Jones 
Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Daniel Jones 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Daniel
 Jones 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Frances Scally 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Frances
 Scally 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Douglas Miscoll 
 
 Director

March
 16, 2023 
 
 Douglas
 Miscoll 

/s/
 David Pfeffer 
 
 Director

March
 16, 2023 
 
 David
 Pfeffer 

/s/
 Dr. Patrice Milos 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Patrice Milos 

63 

SEQLL INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of SeqLL, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SeqLL,
Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial
statements and schedules (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March 16, 2023 

F- 2 

SeqLL Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 

Other receivables 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 
 -

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Non-convertible promissory notes - current 
 -

Current portion of operating lease liability 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, less current portion 
 
 -

Non-convertible promissory notes - long-term 
 
 -

Total non-current liabilities 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SeqLL Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Sales 

Grant revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income) and expenses 

Interest and dividend income 

Other income 
 -

Unrealized (gain)/loss on marketable equity securities 

Realized loss on marketable equity securities 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of convertible notes 
 -

Interest expense 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized gain on marketable debt securities 
 
 -

Total comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted

Weighted average common shares - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SeqLL Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

- 

Conversion of preferred stock into common stock 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Conversion of convertible notes into common stock 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of Units in initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock to underwriters in initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SeqLL Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Write-off of obsolete inventory 
 
 -

Unrealized (gain)/loss on marketable securities 

Realized loss on marketable equity securities 
 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of notes 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 
 -

Non-cash lease expense 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 -

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchases of lab equipment 

Purchases of marketable equity securities 
 -

Purchases of marketable debt securities 
 
 -

Sales of marketable equity securities 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of units and common stock warrants, gross 
 -

Payment for issuance costs of units and common stock warrants 
 -

Payment of non-convertible promissory notes 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock to underwriters 
 -

Settlement of convertible notes 
 -

Proceeds from loan payable - related party 
 -

Payment of loan payable - related party 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information and non-cash financing transactions 

Right-of-use asset acquired through operating lease 
 
 -

Leasehold improvements financed through tenant improvement allowance 
 
 -

Conversion of notes at initial public offering into common stock 
 -

Conversion of preferred stock par value to common stock and additional paid-in capital 
 -

Fair value of warrants of common stock issued to underwriters 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SeqLL Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

ownership interest in SeqLL, LLC Subsidiary ), a domestic limited liability
company formed on March 11, 2013 in the State of Massachusetts. SeqLL Inc. is a holding company of the Subsidiary (together the Company 
or SeqLL and is a life sciences company focused on the development and application of innovative genetic analysis technologies
and the monetization of these technologies and related intellectual property. The Subsidiary owns technology to enable the analysis of
large volumes of genetic material by directly sequencing single molecules of DNA or RNA. The Subsidiary s principal office is located
in Billerica, Massachusetts. 

units, each unit consisting of one share of the Company s common stock and a warrant
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Warrants ), at a price to the public of
 per unit. The gross proceeds from the IPO were approximately million and were offset by million in offering costs, of which
 million was paid in cash and million was issued in warrants to Maxim Group LLC Underwriter (see Note 10). In
connection with the IPO, all of the outstanding shares of the Company s convertible preferred stock automatically converted into
 shares of common stock (see Note 9). Additionally, the outstanding convertible notes converted into shares of common
stock (see Note 8). 

additional shares of common stock, and/or additional Warrants, to cover over-allotments
in connection with the Offering. The Underwriter partially exercised this option and purchased Warrants on August 31, 2021, at
 per Warrant. On September 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the underwriters at a price of per
share from the exercise of the overallotment option, raising the net proceeds of approximately , net of offering costs. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share Underwriter
Warrants (Note 10). 

per share for 30 consecutive
business days, the Company no longer complies with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing. Initially, the Company
had approximately 180 days to regain its compliance with the Nasdaq. 

F- 7 

as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

F- 8 

Work in process 

Total inventory 

was obsolete. As such, the Company has written off this inventory as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 9 

and in revenue from gene sequencing
services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recognized and in revenue from product
sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

F- 10 

likely of being realized upon resolution of the contingency.
The Company accounts for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for income taxes. 

years) and the vesting period. For non-employee options, the
expected term is the contractual term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of U.S. Treasury securities consistent with the
life of the option. No dividend yield was assumed as the Company does not pay dividends on its common stock. The Company recognizes forfeitures
related to stock-based awards as they occur. 

Expected option life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected stock price volatility 

F- 11 

Warrants for common stock 

F- 12 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Other 
 -

Less: accumulated depreciation 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

F- 13 

Accrued bonuses 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Mutual funds 

-
 
 -

Total financial assets 

-
 
 -

F- 14 

Change in fair value of convertible notes 

Fair value of convertible notes at IPO date 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -

shares
of common stock (see Note 8). The interest expense of for the period between the date of the Conversion Agreements related to
the Amended Notes (see Note 8) and December 31, 2021, is included in the change in fair value of the Amended Notes. 

shares. 

shares available for
future issuance under the Plan. Generally, option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the Company s
stock at the date of grant and vest over a period of . No option may have a term in excess of from the option grant
date. Share awards generally vest over a period of . Certain option and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there
is a change in control (as defined by the 2014 Plan). The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in 2022 and 2021 were
 and , respectively, per share. 

Granted 

Outstanding of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

and of stock-based compensation associated with granted and vested stock options, respectively. As of December 31, 2022,
there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested share-based compensation awards, which will be recognized
over approximately years. 

F- 15 

St. Laurent Institute 

St. Laurent Realty, Inc. 

Total related party payables 

and . Both loans were repaid in full with proceeds
from the IPO. 

. The Convertible Notes
had a one-year term and accrued interest at per annum. The Convertible Notes were convertible at the lower of per share or a
 discount to the share price paid by the purchasers of equity securities in the Company s next Qualified Financing, as defined
in the convertible note agreement. 

.
The Promissory Notes had a one-year term with interest accruing at per annum. 

. These notes accrued interest at per annum, were to be repaid at
the earlier of , or the Company s next qualified financing of a minimum of million (as defined in the notes
agreement) and were convertible at per share. 

due , bearing interest per annum in exchange for the accrued
interest on all its notes of the Company outstanding through that date. 

. The Convertible Notes accrued interest at per annum, matured at the
earlier of , or the Company s next qualified equity offering of a minimum of million, and were convertible
at per share. 

in the Convertible Notes and Promissory Notes of the Company granted the Company an extension on all its notes of the Company to be repaid
on or before July 31, 2022. This amendment was accounted for on a prospective basis under the troubled debt restructuring guidance. 

in outstanding Promissory Notes and in Convertible Notes (together, Amended
Notes ), to common stock upon the closing of the IPO Conversion Agreements ), of which was held by St.
Laurent Investments, LLC and its affiliates. Under the terms of the conversion agreements, and in Amended Notes were
to be converted at the closing of the IPO based on the and conversion prices, respectively. Since the automatic conversion
could result in a material benefit to the noteholders, this amendment was deemed substantive and was accounted for as an extinguishment
of debt. Accordingly, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling in the consolidated statement of operations
and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 2021, which represented the excess of the fair value of the Amended Notes totaling
 over their carrying value of . The Company elected the option to account for the Amended Notes at fair value, with
the changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value of the Amended Notes was estimated
using probability weighted expected payouts under various settlement scenarios, discounted to their present value based on the estimated
effective rate of return. 

F- 16 

in outstanding Amended Notes, including any accrued interest, to common stock upon the
closing of the IPO at the conversion price of per share. 

shares of common stock. The fair value of the Amended Notes of immediately prior to the conversion,
less a cash payment related to the accrued interest, was reclassified into the additional paid in capital on the consolidated
balance sheet. The fair value of the Amended Notes at the conversion date was estimated based on the fair value of the common stock issued
upon the conversion. 

loss due to the change in fair value
of the Amended Notes between the amendment date and their conversion at the IPO date. 

principal amount of the Promissory Notes from to per year starting on October
1, 2021. The Company accounted for this transaction as a modification on a prospective basis. 

of the Promissory Notes
to William C. St Laurent in cash. 

and shares of the Company s
common stock, including to the placement agent (see Note 10). The fair values of these warrants were immaterial at issuance. 

Promissory Note to . The Company accounted for this transaction
as a modification on a prospective basis. 

and , respectively. 

, as
amended, by the Series A-1 conversion price of ; and the Series A-2 original issue price of , as amended, by the Series A-2
conversion price of ; both were subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock combinations and the like, and to a weighted-average
adjustment for future issuances of common stock, warrants or rights to purchase common stock or securities convertible into common stock
for a consideration per share that is less than the then-applicable conversion price, subject to certain exceptions listed in the Charter. 

F- 17 

warrants to purchase common stock at per share, with an expiration date of June 30, 2024. The warrants are exercisable starting
at their issuance dates. 

units
at a price to the public of per unit, each unit consisting of share of the Company s common stock and a warrant to purchase
 share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. These warrants are exercisable at any time from the issuance date
at for common stock shares and have a five -year term. The warrants may be exercised for cash or through cashless exercise. 

shares of common stock as a compensation
for their services. These warrants are exercisable at any time from the issuance date at per share of common stock and have a term
of through . The total fair value of the warrants granted to the Underwriter was at the issuance
date. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions: 

- 
 
 Expected life 
 
 years 
 
 Dividend yield 

Volatility 

F- 18 

shares of common stock with an exercise price of expired. 

and as of December 31, 2022, respectively, resulting in a unrealized gain included
in the other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the contractual maturities for all available-for-sale
debt securities were less than . 

on marketable equity securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and as of December 31, 2021, respectively, resulting in unrealized loss included in the consolidated statement
of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

F- 19 

in each year in connection with the Paycheck Protection Program PPP pursuant to the CARES Act that
was signed into law on March 27, 2020. 

years, were unsecured and were guaranteed
by the Small Business Administration SBA ). The loans bore interest at percent per annum. Loan payments were to be deferred
for borrowers who apply for loan forgiveness until the SBA remits the borrower s loan forgiveness amount to the lender. If a borrower
did not apply for loan forgiveness, payments were to be deferred 10 months after the end of the covered period for the borrower s
loan forgiveness (between 8 and 24 weeks). 

of the loans 
proceeds were used by the Company to cover payroll costs, including benefits, and if the Company maintained its employment and compensation
within certain parameters during the period following the loans origination date and complied with other relevant conditions. 

in 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no provision
for income taxes as the Company incurred losses during both periods. The primary component of the Company s deferred tax assets
are its net operating loss carryforwards. At December 31, 2022, the Company has a federal and state net, operating loss carryforward of
approximately and , respectively, which begins expiring in 2034. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
valuation allowance increased by approximately million in both years. 

Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Increase in valuation reserve 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 20 

square feet of its new corporate office space in Billerica, Massachusetts (the Billerica Lease ). The
Billerica Lease has a term of months from its effective date and included access to certain additional office space until August 1,
2022. In addition, the Company is required to share in certain taxes and operating expenses of the Billerica Lease. 

in operating lease right-of-use asset, as well as
a lease liability of in current liabilities and in long-term liabilities. The operating lease right-of use asset is
less than that of the Company s lease liabilities as of the lease inception date. This is due to the fact that the Company as part
of the Billerica Lease was allowed certain tenant improvement allowances, which amounted to at lease inception. This lease liability
represented the net present value of future lease payments for the lease utilizing a discount rate of , which corresponded to the
Company s incremental borrowing rate. 

. This allowance covered the leasehold improvements to the Billerica space and
was accounted for as a reduction to the right-of-use asset. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease term was years. 

year ended December 31, 2022. 

, for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease liabilities 

Less effects of discounting 

Total lease liabilities 

Reported as of December 31, 2022: 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Operating lease liability, less current portion 

Total lease liabilities 

shares of common stock,
par value per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company, at a purchase price of per share of Common Stock
(the Offering ). On February 15, 2023, the Company closed the Offering, raising gross proceeds of before
deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the
offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

F-21 

<EX-23>
 2
 f10k2022ex23_seqllinc.htm
 CONSENT OF WOLF & COMPANY, P.C

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-263670) and the Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (No. 333-268319) of SeqLL Inc. of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of
SeqLL Inc., appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Wolf Company, P.C. 

Wolf Company, P.C. 
Boston, Massachusetts 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_seqllinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Jones, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SeqLL Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Daniel Jones 

Daniel Jones 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_seqllinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Frances Scally, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SeqLL Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Frances Scally 

Frances Scally 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_seqllinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of SeqLL Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Jones, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Daniel Jones 

Daniel Jones 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_seqllinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of SeqLL Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frances Scally, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Frances Scally 

Frances Scally 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 sql-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 sql-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 sql-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 sql-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 sql-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

