<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1416697_0001493152-23-010032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5440736</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103021</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1017088</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1535495</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1212861</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1447515</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010032.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331115736
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Line Protection Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001416697
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		IRS NUMBER:				205543728
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52942
		FILM NUMBER:		23785243

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5765 LOGAN STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80216
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-844-5576

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5765 LOGAN STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Engraving Masters, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071129

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Engraving Master Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071029

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010032.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

Annual
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

Transition
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the Transition Period from __________ to _______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Name
of small business issuer in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 employer 
 identification
 number) 

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicated
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files) No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately
 . 

As
of March 31, 2023 the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

BLUE
LINE PROTECTION GROUP, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 8 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 9 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 11 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 11 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 12 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 15 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 17 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 17 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 18 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 18 

2 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and prospects that reflect our management s
assumptions and beliefs based on information currently available. We can give no assurance that the expectations indicated by such forward-looking
statements will be realized. If any of our assumptions should prove incorrect, or if any of the risks and uncertainties underlying such
expectations should materialize, our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. 

The
key factors that are not within our control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results include, but are not limited to,
acceptance of our services, our ability to expand our customer base, managements ability to raise capital in the future, the retention
of key employees and changes in the regulation of our industry. 

There
may be other risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict. When used in this report, words such as, believes, 
 expects, intends, plans, anticipates, estimates and similar
expressions are intended to identify and qualify forward-looking statements, although there may be certain forward-looking statements
not accompanied by such expressions. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

We
were originally incorporated in Nevada on September 11, 2006, under the name The Engraving Masters, Inc. (the Company ). 

On
May 2, 2014, we changed our name to Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. 

On
February 8, 2021, our directors approved a 100-for-1 reverse split of our common stock. The reverse stock split became effective in the
public market in July 2021. 

We
provide armed protection and transportation, banking, compliance and training services for businesses engaged in the legal cannabis industry.
During the year ended December 31, 2022 approximately 51 of our revenue was derived from transportation services. The remaining 49 
of our revenue was derived from currency processing services (47 and compliance services (2 ). 

Our
base of operations are in the Denver, Colorado and Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan areas. Our corporate headquarters are located at 5765
Logan Street, Denver, CO 80216. 

Principal
Services 

Cultivation
facilities are the producers of legal cannabis that eventually make its way to consumers. Growers operations typically span a
large geographic footprint, making them susceptible to theft, as are shipments from the growers to testing laboratories or to retail
dispensaries. Additionally, due to current federal marijuana legislation and banking environment, growers are finding it increasingly
difficult to secure their cash, purchase equipment and obtain financing for expansion. 

Dispensaries
are the retail face of the legal cannabis industry. All legal sales of cannabis products are transacted through dispensaries that are
state-licensed. To maintain their licenses, dispensaries must comply with a variety of state-mandated reporting requirements, including
reporting every gram of cannabis passing in and out of the store. Dispensaries also face financing and banking challenges similar to
those that growers encounter. 

We
do not grow, test or sell cannabis. 

Our
services cover the following: 

Protection
and Transportation 

Fundamental
to the legal cannabis industry is the protection of product and cash throughout the distribution channel. Growers ship product from their
cultivation facilities to independent laboratories where it is tested for compliance with state-mandated parameters. From the labs, the
product is then delivered to the retail dispensaries, where it is sold to the public. 

Due
to the current banking and regulatory environments, payments between each step in the distribution network are made in cash: from the
customer back to the grower. Therefore, these businesses are forced into having to transport bags of money between growers and dispensaries
and their own vaults or storage facilities. 

The
risk of theft of cash and product is present at every stage, even when they are not in transit. Accordingly, all cannabis businesses
require security measures to prevent theft, mitigate risk to employees and maintain regulatory compliance. 

We
began our security and protection operations in Colorado in February 2014. Since that time, we have become the largest legal cannabis
protection services company in the state. We offer a fully integrated approach to managing the movement of cannabis and cash from growers
through dispensaries via armed and armored transport, money processing, vaulting and related credit. Money processing services generally
include counting, sorting and wrapping currency. 

4 

We
currently supply asset protection via armored transportation to approximately 60 of all the licensees in Colorado. We are focused on
encompassing all compliance needs on behalf of our clients, as mandated by the State and Federal authorities for the protection, transport
and sale of cannabis. 

Banking 

The
banking system in the U.S. is, in most states, federally regulated. Possession or distribution of marijuana violates federal law, and
banks that provide support for those activities face the risk of prosecution and assorted sanctions. Currently, almost all payments for
the sales of cannabis are made in cash, due the inability of sellers to obtain merchant processing accounts. As a result, processing
money from marijuana sales puts federally insured banks at risk of drug racketeering charges, so they ve refused to open accounts
for marijuana-related businesses. 

Marijuana
businesses that can t use banks may have too much cash they can t safely put away, leaving them vulnerable to criminals.
Jurisdictions that allow cannabis sales want a channel to receive taxes. 

In
February 2014, the Obama administration gave banks a road map for conducting transactions with cannabis sellers operating within state
regulations so these companies can deposit cash, make payroll and pay taxes like a traditional business. The move was designed to let
financial institutions serve such businesses while ensuring that they know their customers legitimacy and remain obligated to
report possible criminal activity. 

We
have created a means for the banks to validate compliance with the federal mandate mentioned above. Currently only a security company
could match the compliance requirements as only we can vertically integrate the source of funds through the Federally required 12 steps,
summarized as from grow, to sale, (to those of approved age or license), to purchaser, to funds received, to where the funds were held,
to vault, to third party validation, to tax, to profits, to access to the banking system etc. We are uniquely positioned, through a number
of partnership and cooperation agreements, to provide banking solutions to our clients. 

Compliance 

Laws
concerning business procedures and practices are changing across the nation. It s hard to keep up with all the changes, and business
owners have to balance their day-to-day operations with remaining compliant with and responsive to regulatory agencies. Blue Line Protection
Group provides daily on-site compliance verification to ensure that local business owners are operating lawful and inspection-ready establishments.
Our security experts, trained in crime prevention through environmental design (CPTED) techniques, can provide crucial advice about enhancing
the interior and exterior security of your establishment. 

We
communicate regularly with local and national government representatives to ensure that we remain the top-tier security and protection
group in the nation. Retail establishments aren t the only ones who have to remain compliant with the pertinent laws - we do, as
well. 

With
the addition of our compliance module clients can be confident they will not lose their license for some small or large error by their
staff that might put their cannabis license in jeopardy. Their license being, in most instances, their most valuable asset. We are relieving
them of several burdens they are ill suited to comply with. (Most licensees were formally acting outside the law prior to the legislation
and have little to no compliance experience). 

Training 

Many
of our security personnel have established military or police backgrounds. We ensure our employees are prepared to offer clients, their
staff and customers a safe and secure environment. All members of our armored transportation team and security operators are required
to undertake our mandatory, rigorous 40-hour introductory compliance and training curriculum created and supervised by veteran law enforcement
officers. 

In
addition to internal training, we also offer other businesses, houses of worship and the general public a wide variety of safety, security
and personal defense courses and firearms training. 

5 

Growth
Strategy 

1. 
 Expand into new markets
 to establish first-mover advantages. 

2. 
 Market ourselves through
 strategic alliances and affiliations. 

3. 
 Acquire or joint venture
 with guard and alarm businesses throughout the USA if they represent good value and a good fit with our expansion plans. Organic
 growth will not suffice for the rapid growth of this industry and our ability to provide service immediately requires variations
 of this strategy. 

4. 
 Increase our client base
 to the various labs in state. Offering our superior chain of control compliance and software. 

5. 
 Develop and offer value-added,
 complementary or supplementary services. 

The
development of the legal markets for cannabis is a function of state legislation. As a result, while specific markets may not be currently
available, we actively monitor the progress of legislation and know with some degree of certainty when new geographic markets will be
coming on line. This allows us to target our limited sales and marketing resources to those new markets. In this way, we believe the
current legislative environment works in our favor - if the whole country were currently a potential market our limited resources would
result in an inability to effectively cover all potential market territories. With limited markets open we can better cover those available
territories. 

Marketing 

Virtually
all of our sales, to date, have been generated without using paid media. Our armed operators conduct the majority of our marketing and
advertising efforts. Several of our operators are former police officers or military personnel and are the face of our company. They
interact with business owners, employees, and customers on a daily basis. As such, they generate significant brand awareness and word-of-mouth
goodwill. Complementary to this, our sales team and our management actively engage with business owners directly to generate awareness
of our company and the services we provide, as well as to identify the potential for sales or referrals. 

In
addition to a direct sales approach and word-of-mouth advertising, we have been featured in news articles and video documentaries by
outlets such as the Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Fortune and CNBC, which have served to increase brand awareness nationwide. We have
also attended a variety of industry trade shows and have been granted membership in industry groups. 

Industry
Background 

The
total market for marijuana, is estimated to exceed the economic value of corn and wheat combined. Marijuana is widely considered the
largest cash crop in the United States. Businesses have been positioning themselves for years, each trying to establish a leadership
position in the legal cannabis industry, projected to reach as high as 37 billion in retail sales by 2024. 

Competition 

We
believe the primary factors in attracting and retaining customers are expertise, service quality, and price. Our competitive advantages
include: 

Brand name recognition; 

Reputation; 

Expertise in regulatory
 and banking compliance; 

6 

Operational excellence; 

Cash processing, transportation
 and storage capabilities; 

Security and logistics
 infrastructure; 

Services beyond transportation
 and banking services, where we become intimate to the businesses continuance and success through mandatory standards of compliance;
 and 

Economies of scale as we
 increase the amount and number of items we securely transport. 

Our
cost structure is generally competitive, although certain competitors may have lower costs due to a variety of factors, including lower
wages, lower initial and ongoing training requirements, less costly employee benefits, or less stringent security and service standards.
We anticipate facing competitive pricing pressure in many markets; however, we plan to resist competing on price alone. We believe our
high levels of service and security, as well as value-added solutions, differentiates us from competitors. 

We
compete with companies of all sizes in a variety of geographies that offer solutions that compete with single elements of our platform,
such as regulatory compliance, armored transportation services and cash processing. The security services industry is a large and competitive
market. More specifically, however, the market for security and storage solutions as it pertains to medical marijuana companies is a
nascent market, resulting in a highly fragmented and fractured marketplace. Some of the companies we compete with are much larger than
us, and such companies have significantly greater resources than us. None of the large security companies, such as Brinks, Argyle, Tyco
or Torment, are currently competing in this market segment, although there can be no guarantee this trend will continue. 

Significantly
all of our current and potential traditional competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer or user bases, greater brand
recognition and significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. Our competitors may be able to secure experienced
employees, accommodate customers more efficiently and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. Many of these current and potential
competitors can devote substantially more resources to advertising, marketing and attracting experienced talent than we can. In addition,
larger, more well-established and financed entities may acquire, invest in or form joint ventures with our competitors. 

Government
Regulation 

In
most jurisdictions we are required to obtain government approval to provide security and/or investigative services. We expect to make
every effort to comply with all existing and pending regulatory conditions and licensing requirements in each state we currently or potentially
operate in. 

Continued
development of the marijuana industry is dependent upon continued legislative authorization of marijuana at the state level. Any number
of factors could slow or halt progress in this area. Further, progress, while encouraging, is not assured. While there may be ample public
support for legislative action, numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow or halt use of marijuana,
which would negatively impact our proposed business. 

Marijuana
is a Schedule-I controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of marijuana has been legalized,
its use remains a violation of federal laws. There are currently 37 states and the District of Columbia allowing its citizens to use
Medical Marijuana. Additionally, 18 states and Washington D.C. have legalized cannabis for adult recreational use. The state laws are
in conflict with the federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes marijuana use and possession illegal on a national level. The former
Obama administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct law federal law enforcement agencies
to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical marijuana. However, the new
Trump administration could change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws strongly. Active enforcement of the current federal
regulatory position on cannabis may thus indirectly and adversely affect our revenues and profits. Any such change in the federal government s
enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us. While we do not intend to harvest, distribute or
sell cannabis, we may be irreparably harmed by a change in enforcement by the Federal or state governments. 

7 

Intellectual
Property 

We
are developing proprietary streamlined government-certified software capable of tracking all movements of cannabis products through to
cash to taxes paid to deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank. The technology behind our software is being engineered and developed by
subcontractors, and we consider it proprietary and confidential, and protected under trade secret laws. We have not sought to patent
our aspect of this technology; however, we have not yet determined if we will seek to patent any aspect of the software in the future. 

We
plan to protect our proprietary and confidential information through a series of non-compete and non-disclosure contracts with our employees,
contractors and other interested parties. The law of protection of confidential information effectively allows a perpetual monopoly in
secret information, and it does not expire as would a patent. The lack of formal protection, however, means that a third party is not
prevented from independently duplicating and using the secret information once it is discovered. 

Number
of employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 32 full and part-time employees, some of which are former military or law enforcement professionals. 

Properties 

We
lease our offices in Denver, Colorado pursuant to a lease which expires on October 26, 2026. We have the option to extend the term of
the lease for two additional five-year periods. The lease requires rental payments of approximately 10,612.00 per month which increases
2 annually. 

We
lease our offices in Phoenix, Arizona pursuant to a lease which expires on May 31, 2023. We have the option to extend the term of the
lease for two additional five-year periods. The lease requires rental payments of approximately 4,113.56 per month which increases approximately
3 annually. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We
may not be able to attain profitability without additional funding, which may be unavailable. 

We
have limited capital resources. To date, we have not earned a profit or generated cash from our operations. Unless we begin to generate
sufficient revenues from our proposed business to finance operations as a going concern, we may experience liquidity and solvency problems.
Such liquidity and solvency problems may force us to go out of business if additional financing is not available. We have no intention
of liquidating. In the event our cash resources are insufficient to continue operations, we intend to raise additional capital through
offerings and sales of equity or debt securities. In the event we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will be forced to go out of
business and will be forced to liquidate. A possibility of such outcome presents a risk of complete loss of investment in our common
stock. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

See
Item 1. Business. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

8 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND MARKET INFORMATION FOR COMMON STOCK 

The
high and low closing prices of our common stock for the periods indicated are set forth below. These closing prices do not reflect retail
mark-up, markdown or commissions. 

Prices
for 2021 reflect a 100-for-1 reverse stock split which became effective in the public market in July 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 High 
 Low 

First Quarter 
 0.50 
 0.31 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.41 
 0.12 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.45 
 0.17 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.25 
 0.15 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 High 
 Low 

First Quarter 
 2.30 
 0.13 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.15 
 0.76 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.98 
 0.54 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.95 
 0.78 

As
of March 31, 2023 we had 8,250,144 outstanding shares of common stock held by approximately 216 shareholders of record. Our transfer
agent is Pacific Stock Transfer Company, 4045 South Spencer Street, Suite 403, Las Vegas, NV 89119, phone (702) 361-3033. 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Certain
statements set forth below under this caption constitute forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Statements preceding
Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional factors relating to such statements. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report. 

Results
of Operations 

Material
changes in line items in our Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period last year, are
discussed below: 

Increase (I) or 

Item 
 
 Decrease (D) 
 
 Reason 

Revenue 
 
 D 
 
 Decrease in services 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 D 
 
 Decrease in services and increase in expenses 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 I 
 
 Expansion of services 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 D 
 
 Decrease in borrowings 
 
 Loss on derivate securities 
 
 I 
 
 Reduced debt and lower stock price 

9 

Capital
Resources and Liquidity 

Our
material sources and of cash during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were: 

2022 
 2021 

Cash provided by operations 
 369,471 
 903,374 
 
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Loan payments 

Loan proceeds 
 - 
 - 

General 

See
Notes 6 and 7 to the financial statements included as part of this report for information concerning our notes payable. 

Other
than as disclosed above, we do not anticipate any material capital requirements for the twelve months ending March 31, 2024. 

Other
than as disclosed elsewhere in this report, we do not know of any trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result
in, or that are reasonable likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way. 

Other
than as disclosed in this Item 7, we do not know of any significant changes in our expected sources and uses of cash. 

We
do not have any commitments or arrangements from any person to provide us with any equity capital. During the next 12 months, we anticipate
that we will incur approximately 1,896,000 of general and administrative expenses in order to execute our current business plan.
We also plan to incur sales, marketing, research and development expenses during the next 12 months. We may need to obtain additional
financing to continue our operations. We may not be able to obtain additional funding on terms that are favorable to us or at all. We
may not be able to obtain sufficient funding to continue our operations, or if we do receive funding, to generate adequate revenues in
the future or to operate profitably in the future. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Management
considers the following policies critical because they are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results,
and they require management to make judgments and estimates about inherently uncertain matters. 

Accounts
receivable. Accounts receivable are stated at the amount we expect to collect from outstanding balances and do not bear interest.
We provide for probable uncollectible amounts through an allowance for doubtful accounts, if an allowance is deemed necessary. The allowance
for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable; however, changes
in circumstances relating to accounts receivable may result in a requirement for additional allowances in the future. On a periodic basis,
management evaluates its accounts receivable and determines the requirement for an allowance for doubtful accounts based on its assessment
of the current and collectible status of individual accounts with past due balances over 90 days. Account balances are charged against
the allowance after all collection efforts have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. 

10 

Revenue
recognition . As all of our Revenue is generated from services offerings, Revenue recognition is the same for each of our revenue
streams. We recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement;
(2) the service has been provided to the customer; (3) the amount of fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable; and (4)
the collection of its fees is reasonably assured. 

Stock-based
compensation. The Company records stock based compensation in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 505 and 718, which requires
the Company to recognize expenses related to the fair value of our employee stock option awards. This eliminates accounting for share-based
compensation transactions using the intrinsic value and requires instead that such transactions be accounted for using a fair-value-based
method. We recognize the cost of all share-based awards on a graded vesting basis over the vesting period of the award. 

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in accordance
with FASB ASC 718-10 and the conclusions reached by the FASB ASC 505-50. Costs are measured at the estimated fair market value of the
consideration received or the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value
of equity instruments issued for consideration other than employee services is determined on the earliest of a performance commitment
or completion of performance by the provider of goods or services as defined by FASB ASC 505-50. 

Significant
Accounting Policies 

See
Note 2 to the financial statements included as part of this report for a description of our significant accounting policies. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

From
time to time, the FASB or other standards setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the FASB ASCs are communicated
through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update ASU ). Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently
issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted in the future, is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements upon adoption. 

To
understand the impact of recently issued guidance, whether adopted or to be adopted, please review the information provided in Note 2
- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Report. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET
 RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements are contained later in this report beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS 

None 

11 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. As a result of this evaluation, management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 for the same reasons that our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective: 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 

2. 
 Provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
 with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

3. 
 Provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

12 

As
of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for
effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, management
concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not effective due to the following
material weakness identified: 

Lack of controls over related
 party transactions. The Company did not establish a formal written policy for the approval, identification, and authorization of
 related party transactions. 

Lack of appropriate segregation
 of duties, 

Lack of control procedures
 that include multiple levels of supervision and review, and 

There is an overreliance
 upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material, nonstandard
 transactions. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this annual report. 

Implemented
or Planned Remedial Actions in response to the Material Weaknesses 

We
will continue to strive to correct the above noted weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe appointing
a director who qualifies as a financial expert will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial reporting. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The
Company s management, including the chief executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that its disclosure
controls or internal controls will prevent all errors or all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

13 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
directors are elected by the stockholders to a term of one year and serve until their successors are elected and qualified. The officers
are appointed by our Board of Directors to a term of one year and serve until his/her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until
he/she is removed from office. 

The
names and ages of our directors and executive officers and their positions are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Daniel Allen 
 
 71 
 
 Chief Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer and
 a Director 

Doyle Knudson 
 
 71 
 
 Director 

Andrew Berman 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

Daniel
Allen was elected an officer and director July 28, 2015. Mr. Allen resigned as an Officer on March 13, 2020. Mr. Allen provided us
with consulting services in the areas of banking and financing for four months in 2014. Between April 2013 and March 2014 Mr. Allen served
as the Regional Vice President of Sunflower Bank in Longmont, Colorado. Between June 2001 and April 2013, Mr. Allen was the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Mile High Banks in Longmont, Colorado. Mr. Allen holds a Bachelor of Science in Management and Finance
from the University of Utah. On March 13 th , 2020, Daniel Allen resigned from his position as CEO. Dan remains an active member
of our Board. 

Doyle
Knudson was elected as one of our directors on July 28, 2015. Between 1975 and 2002 Mr. Knudson held various positions with C.H.
Robinson Company, a large multimodal transportation service provider. In 1975 he started in the corporate marketing center responsible
for information services for carrier capacity, carrier insurance verification and research at the ICC in Washington, DC for common carrier
authority. In 1976 Mr. Knudson was transferred to Ross Truck, a division of C.H. Robinson customer support for publication logistics
for Target stores and RR Donnelly. In 1978 Mr. Knudson was transferred to Lake Wales, FL as a Transportation Salesman responsible for
customer development with agri business customers. In 1982 Mr. Knudson was promoted and transferred as Transportation Manager when he
opened a new branch office in Houston, TX. In 1987 Mr. Knudson was promoted to General Manager at a new branch office in El Paso, TX,
developing and providing logistics services for Coca Cola; Phelps, Dodge, Dell Computers and Phillips Electronics. 

Andrew
Berman was elected as one of our directors on February 28, 2023. Berman has a B.A. from the University of Michigan and a J.D.
from the University of Miami School of Law. His work experience includes practicing law, Business Affairs at America Online,
C-level roles in technology businesses, private investing, and extensive cannabis experience in 5 states since 2015. This
cannabis work includes Maui Wellness Group (HI), Ohio Grown Therapies (OH), CEO of Harborside Inc. (CA), which he took public on the
CSE in 2019, President of Greenfield Cannabis Co. (CA), a cultivator and manufacturer of premier cannabis products located in Monterey
County, and PRICH Biotech, Puerto Rico s largest vertical operator. Berman also has broad government relations experience,
having been twice elected to the City Council for the City of Mill Valley, California, including two terms as Mayor. 

Audit
Committee, Independent Directors and Financial Expert 

We
do not have an Audit Committee; our board of directors currently acts as our Audit Committee. Doyle Knudson is an independent director,
as that term is defined in the rules of the NYSE American. None of our directors is considered a Financial Expert . 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions since one person, Daniel Allen, serves in all the
above capacities. 

14 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Overview
of Compensation Program 

Our
Board of Directors acts as our Compensation Committee and has responsibility for establishing, implementing and continually monitoring
adherence to our compensation philosophy. The Board of Directors ensures that the total compensation paid to our executives is fair,
reasonable and competitive. 

Compensation
Philosophy and Objectives 

The
Board of Directors believes that the most effective executive compensation program is one that is designed to reward the achievement
of specific annual, long-term and strategic goals by the Company and that aligns executives interests with those of the stockholders
by rewarding performance above established goals, with the ultimate objective of improving stockholder value. As a result of the size
of the Company and only having two executive officers, the Board evaluates both performance and compensation on an informal basis. Upon
hiring additional executives, the Board intends to evaluate the necessity of establishing a Compensation Committee to evaluate both performance
and compensation to ensure that the Company maintains its ability to attract and retain superior employees in key positions and that
compensation provided to key employees remains competitive relative to the compensation paid to similarly-situated executives of peer
companies. To that end, the Board believes executive compensation packages provided by the Company to its executives, including the named
executive officers, should include both cash and stock-based compensation that reward performance as measured against established goals. 

Role
of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions 

Our
Directors make all compensation decisions for, and approve recommendations regarding, equity awards to our Directors and employees. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the compensation paid by the Company to those years
to its officers: 

Summary Compensation Table (in 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (1) 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 Option Awards (3) 
 All Other Compensation (4) 
 Total 
 
 Daniel Allen 
 2022 
 80,769 
 - 
 94,711 
 - 
 175,480 
 
 Chief Executive Officer(5) 

Doyle Knudson 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 142,066 
 - 
 142,066 
 
 Board Member 

Evan DeVoe 
 2022 
 172,083 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 172,083 
 
 Chief Executive Officer(5) 
 2021 
 188,462 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 188,462 

(1) 
 The dollar value of base
 salary (cash and non-cash) earned during the year. 

(2) 
 The fair value of the shares
 of common stock issued during the periods covered by the table calculated on the grant date in accordance with ASC 718-10-30-3. 

(3) 
 The fair value of all stock
 options granted during the periods covered by the table calculated on the grant date in accordance with ACS 718-10-30-3. 

(4) 
 All other compensation
 received that we could not properly report in any other column of the table including the dollar value of any insurance premiums
 we paid for life insurance for the benefit of the named executive officer. 

(5) 
 Evan DeVoe resigned as
 our Chief Financial and Accounting Officer on July 29, 2022. On August 4, 2022 Daniel Allen became our new Chief Executive, Financial
 and Accounting Officer. 

15 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

Up
to 15,000,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under our 2014-2015 Stock Incentive Plan the Plan ). 

The
purposes of the Plan are to enhance our ability to attract and retain the services of qualified employees, officers and directors, contractors
and other service providers upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the successful conduct and development of our business largely
depends, and to provide additional incentives to such persons or entities to devote their utmost effort and skill to our advancement
and betterment by providing them an opportunity to participate in the ownership of our common stock and thereby have an interest in our
success. 

Shares
that are eligible for grant under the Plan include Incentive Stock Options, Non-Qualified Stock Options and Restricted Stock. Incentive
Options are any options designated and qualified as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code. Non-Qualified Options are any options that are not an Incentive Option. To the extent that any option designated
as an Incentive Option fails in whole or in part to qualify as an Incentive Option, it will constitute a Non-Qualified Option. Restricted
Stock are shares of common stock issued pursuant to any restrictions and conditions as established by the Plan. 

Only
our employees (including our officers and Directors if they are employees) are eligible to receive Incentive Options under the Plan. 

Our
employees, officers and Directors (whether or not employed by us), and service providers are eligible to receive Non-Qualified Options
or acquire Restricted Stock under the Plan. 

The
following tables list the options granted, cancelled and exercised during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to our officers
and directors pursuant to the Plan: 

Options
Granted 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Options Granted 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Dan Allen 
 10/1/22 
 1,000,000 
 0.21 
 9/30/2027 
 
 Doyle Knudson 
 10/1/22 
 1,500,000 
 0.21 
 9/30/2027 

Options
Cancelled 

Employee 
 Total
 Options 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted
 Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) 
 
 None 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Options
Exercised 

Name 
 Date
 of Exercise 
 Shares
 Acquired on Exercise 
 Value
 Realized 
 
 None 
 - 
 - 
 - 

16 

The
following shows certain information as of December 31, 2022 concerning the stock options and stock bonuses granted pursuant to the Plan.
Each option represents the right to purchase one share of common stock. 

Plan Name 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options (a) 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available For Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans, Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a) 

Stock Incentive Plan 
 7,700,000 
 0.21 
 4,287,000 

Directors 
Compensation 

Our
directors are not entitled to receive compensation for services rendered to us, or for each meeting attended except for reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses. We have no formal or informal arrangements or agreements to compensate our director for services she provides
as a director of our company. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table shows the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each person whom the Company
knows beneficially owns more than 5 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock; (ii) each of the Company s
officers and directors; and (iii) all the officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each owner has sole voting and
investment powers over his shares of common stock. 

Name and Address of Owner 
 Shares Owned 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Daniel Allen 
 8,366 

Doyle Knudson 
 71,172 

Andrew Berman 
 - 

All Directors and Officers as a group (3 persons) 
 79,538 

less than 1 . 

Note:
As used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security,
or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of a security). 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

See
Note 7 to the Financial Statements included as a part of this report for information regarding notes payable to related parties. 

17 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the years ended 2022 and 2021 for (i) services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, (ii) services rendered that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees, and (iii)
services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance. 

SERVICES 
 2022 
 2021 

Audit- M K CPA 
 56,850 
 53,450 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

Audit
fees and audit related fees represent amounts billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
and the review of our interim financial statements. Before our independent accountants were engaged by to render these services, their
engagement was approved by our Directors. 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Name
 and/or Identification of Exhibit 

3 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation By-Laws 

(a)
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 

(b)
 By-Laws (1) 

31 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

32 
 
 Certification
 under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

101 
 
 Interactive
 Data Files (2) 

(INS)
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

(SCH)
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

(CAL)
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

(DEF)
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

(LAB)
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

(PRE)
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Registration Statement on Form 10-SB, previously filed with the SEC on November 28, 2007. 
 
 (2) 
 XBRL (Extensible Business
 Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections
 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

18 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereto duly authorized. 

BLUE LINE
 PROTECTION GROUP, INC. 

March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Allen 

Daniel Allen, Principal
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Annual Report was signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates stated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

Principal Executive, Financial
 and 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Daniel Allen 
 
 Accounting Officer and
 a Director 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Doyle Knudson 

Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Andrew Berman 

19 

Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID : 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations, Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit, Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company suffered net losses from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022,
has an accumulated deficit and has a net capital deficiency as of December 31, 2022, which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 3. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Derivative
Liabilities 

As
discussed in Note 8, the Company borrows funds through the use of convertible notes payable that contain a conversion price that may
be fixed or fluctuates with the stock price. 

Auditing
management s estimates of the fair value of the derivative liability involves significant judgments and estimates given the embedded
conversion features of the notes. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the fluctuation of the conversion price, the embedded conversion feature requires bifurcation from the
host contract and is recorded as a liability subject to market adjustments as of each reporting period. Significant judgment is exercised
by the Company in determining derivative liability values for these convertible note agreements, including the use of a specialist engaged
by management. 

We
evaluated management s conclusions regarding their derivative liability, reviewed support for the significant inputs used in the
valuation model, and assessed the model for reasonableness. In addition, we evaluated the Company s disclosure in relation to this
matter included in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Capital
Stock and Other Equity Accounts 

As
discussed in Note 9, the Company issues stock options as stock-based compensation to employees. 

Auditing
management s calculation of the fair value of the options issued can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company
uses management estimates on various inputs to the calculations. 

To
test the valuation of the options, we evaluated management s significant judgments and estimates. Significant judgements and estimates
related to the valuation of the options include fair valuing of the options which involve significant estimates of volatility, grant
terms, risk-free rates and the use of historical trading data. 

We
evaluated management s conclusions regarding their fair values and reviewed support for the significant inputs used in the valuation
model, as well as assessing the model for reasonableness. In addition, we evaluated the Company s disclosure in relation to this
matter included in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
 31, 2023 

F- 3 

BLUE
LINE PROTECTION GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Total current assets 

Long-term assets: 

Right to use assets 

Machinery and equipment, net et, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Fixed assets of discontinued operations 

Total long-term assets 

Security Deposit 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Financed lease liabilities 

Notes payable - related parties 

Convertible notes payable - related parties, net of unamortized discount 

Current portion of operating lease obligation 

Derivative liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Financed lease liabilities - long term 

Notes payable - related parties 

Operating lease liability-long term 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common Stock, par
 value, shares authorized,
 and issued
 and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common Stock, owed but not issued, shares and shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BLUE
LINE PROTECTION GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Operating Income 

Other income (expenses): 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 
 
 - 

Interest expense 

Income / (Loss) on derivative 

Total other income / (expenses) 

Net income / (loss) 

Net income per common share: Basic and Diluted 

Net Income / (loss) per common share: Diluted 

Weighted average number of 

common shares outstanding- Basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding-
 Basic 

common shares outstanding- Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding-
 Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BLUE
LINE PROTECTION GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Rounding shares issued from reverse stock split 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Derivative resolution 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Gain on the forgiveness of accrued interest - related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Cancellation of common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Forgiveness of interest - related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Derivative resolution 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net Income for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BLUE
LINE PROTECTION GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of right to use lease asset 

Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Stock Option expense 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) in accounts receivable 

(Increase) / decrease in deposits and prepaid expenses 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Increase (decrease) in lease obligations 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

Financing activities 

Repayments on convertible notes payable - related party 
 - 

Repayments on convertible notes payable 

Repayments from notes payable - related party 

Payments on notes payable 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash - beginning 

Cash - ending 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Capitalized leased fixed assets 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt and interest 
 - 

Derivative resolution 

Cancellation of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on the forgiveness of accrued interest - related party 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Blue
Line Protection Group, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of its common stock and shares of preferred stock, each
with a par value of per share. 

On
March 14, 2014, the Company acquired Blue Line Protection Group, Inc., a Colorado corporation formed in February 2014 Blue Line
Colorado ), as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Blue Line Colorado provides protection, compliance, and financial services
to the lawful cannabis industry. 

On
May 2, 2014, the Company changed its name from The Engraving Masters, Inc. to Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. BLPG 

. Additionally, the authorized capital
of the Company concurrently increased to shares of common stock. All references to share and per share amounts in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes thereto have been retroactively restated to reflect the forward stock split. 

shares of common stock. All references to share and per share
amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto have been retroactively restated to reflect the forward
stock split. 

The
Company provides logistics, and compliance services for businesses engaged in the legal cannabis industry. The Company offers asset logistic
services, such as armed transportation service; including shipment protection, money escorts, asset vaulting, financial services, such
as handling transportation and storage of currency; training; and compliance services. 

. There were cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

allowance for doubtful customer receivables at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

years 
 
 Furniture and Equipment 
 years 
 
 Buildings and Improvements 

The
Company reviews the carrying value of property and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of an asset may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition.
In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment
include current operating results, trends and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand,
competition and other economic factors. Based on this assessment there was impairment as December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and, 2021 were and respectively. 

of total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022 and one customer comprised 
of the account receivable balance at December 31, 2022. 

The
Company had one major customer which generated of total revenue in the year ended December 31, 2021 and one customer comprised 
of the account receivable balance at December 31, 2021. 

- 
 - 

Warrant derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 - 

December
31, 2021 

Amount 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Embedded conversion derivative liability 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrant derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 - 

The
embedded conversion feature in the convertible debt instruments that the Company issued that became convertible qualified them as derivative
instruments since the number of shares issuable under the notes are indeterminate based on guidance in FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and
Hedging. These convertible notes tainted all other equity linked instruments including outstanding warrants and fixed rate convertible
debt on the date that the instrument became convertible. The valuation of the derivative liability of the warrants was determined through
the use of Black Scholes option-pricing model (See Note 8). 

Service: Currency Processing 

Service: Compliance 

Total 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares of common stock 

Dilutive effect of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dilutive effect of convertible instruments 
 - 

Diluted weighted-average of common stock 

Net income per common share from: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
Company evaluated all other recent accounting pronouncements issued and determined that the adoption of these pronouncements would not
have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 

and unreimbursed expenses in the amount of . The Company denies the agreement
was ever signed. If litigation is commenced the Company will defend any claims by Mr. Sullivan. 

Mile
High Real Estate Group, an entity owned by Mr. Sullivan, sent correspondence to the Company stating the Mr. Sullivan and/or Mile High
Real Estate loaned the Company either directly or directly to contractors, material suppliers or utilities for operating and building
remodeling in the amount of . Counsel for Mr. Sullivan stated that he was still compiling information. The Company is investigating
whether Mr. Sullivan and/or Mile High Real Estate Group ever made the alleged loans. The Company will defend any claims of Mile High
Real Estate Group. 

On
April 14, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with a third party to provide the Company with investor relations services. Upon
signing the agreement, the Company paid the investor relations consultant and agreed to issue the consultant shares
of its restricted common stock. The agreement required the Company to pay the consultant an additional prior to June 14, 2016.
The Company cancelled the agreement and is of the opinion that the shares are not owed to the consultant. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 there was a payable recorded of . 

Finance
leases 

On
March 1, 2019, the Company recorded finance lease obligation for a leased a vehicle for . The Company made a down payment of 
which included delivery fees, taxes and its first month payment and agreed to make monthly payments of , including sales
tax. 

On
June 2, 2021, the Company recorded finance lease obligation for a leased a vehicle for . The Company made a down payment of 
which included delivery fees, taxes and its first month payment and agreed to make monthly payments of , including sales
tax. 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company recorded finance lease obligation for a leased vehicle for . The Company made a down payment of 
which included delivery fees, taxes and its first month payment and agreed to make monthly payments of , including sales tax.

2024 

Total minimum lease payments 

Operating
Leases 

On
October 27, 2016 the Company sold its building located at 5765 Logan Street Denver, Colorado to an unrelated third party for .
The Company repaid the mortgage on the building in the amount of . After the sale, , with the Company having the option to extend the term of the lease for
two additional five-year periods. The lease requires rental payments of per month which will increase annually. The Company
paid a deposit at the inception of the lease 

On
May 29, 2018 the Company leased a building located at 4328 E. Magnolia Street, Phoenix, Arizona. The lease requires rental
payments of per month which will increase annually. The Company paid a deposit at the inception of the lease. 

On
January 22, 2019 the Company leased a building located at 7490 Bridgewater Road, Huber Heights, Ohio. The lease is for an initial term
of months. The lease requires rental payments of per month and will increase to between months through . The Company
paid a deposit at the inception of the lease. During the year ended December 31, 2020 the Company terminated the lease agreement.
The Company paid a cancellation fee included in rent expense and recorded a gain of on the termination of the lease. 

The
Company adopted ASC 842 and recorded right of use asset and operating lease liability of The Company used as incremental
borrowing rate as is the average interest rate of the Company s outstanding third party note. but the Company did not consider it likely to exercise that option. Therefore,
the Company did not include such amounts in its computations of the present value of remaining lease payment on the adoption date. 

Total 

Current lease liabilities 
 Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total 

Weighted average discount rate 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Finance lease expense 

Operating right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 - 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

December
31, 2021 

Total 

Current lease liabilities 
 Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total 

Weighted average discount rate 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Finance lease expense 

Supplemental
disclosures of cash flow information related to leases were as follows: 

Operating right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 - 

Furniture and equipment 

Machinery and Equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Fixed assets, total 

Total: accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had of fixed assets associated with discontinued operations. 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and respectively. 

from an unrelated third party. The Company paid of fees associated with the loan,
which was recorded as discount and to be amortized over the term of the debt and was fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. The loan
bears interest at a rate of (default interest and has a maturity date of . The Holder has the option to convert
the outstanding principal and accrued interest into common stock of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2018 the Company paid to extend the maturity date
until . During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company paid in extension fees. The note was discounted for
a derivative (see note 8 for details) and the discount of is being amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest
method which was fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2019 the holder converted of accrued
interest into shares of common stock resulting in a loss of . As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 the balance
outstanding on the loan is and , respectively. On May 28, 2021 the Company entered into a settlement and release agreement
with the borrower and agreed to pay them discuss additional amount bounded to interest expense for the settlement . The first
payment of was due upon signing and Company agreed to make additional payments on the 30 th and 60 th
 day after signing. The additional settlement was record as interest during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 accrued interest and the note balance had been repaid. 

On
March 21, 2018, the Company borrowed from an unrelated third party. The Company paid of fees associated with the loan
and had amortized of the costs as of December 31, 2018. The note bears an interest rate: (default interest lesser of or
maximum permitted by law) and matures on . The
note was discounted for a derivative (see note 8 for details) and the discount of has been fully amortized over the life of the
note using the effective interest method. As of December 31, 2021 the amount had been fully amortized. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 accrued interest and the note balance had been repaid. 

plus accrued interest of . The amount
owed to the MKM entities was represented by three Promissory Notes dated between February 6, 2015 and July 7, 2016. In March 2022 the
MKM entities agreed to (i) consolidate the Promissory Notes into a new note in the principal amount of and (ii) forgive the
accrued interest of . The new Promissory Note is due and payable on and bears an interest (from December 27,
2021 to the date of payment) of per year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid of principal and accrued
interest as of December 31, 2022, amounted to . As of December 31, 2022 the balance owed on the loan is . 

As
of December 31, 2021 the Company owed CGDK, LLC , plus accrued interest of . The amount owed to CGDK was represented
by seven Promissory Notes dated between July 9, 2015 and August 6, 2018. In March 2022, CGDK agreed to (i) consolidate the Promissory
Notes into a new note in the principal amount of and (ii) forgive the accrued interest of . The new Promissory Note
is due and payable on and bears an interest (from January 1, 2022 to the date of payment) of per year. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the loan was assumed by Doyle Knudson a related party and the Company repaid of principal and
accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the balance on the loan is . 

Current
liabilities: Notes payable related parties 

On
July 31, 2014, the Company borrowed from an entity controlled by a former officer and shareholder of the Company. The loan is
due and payable on demand and bears no interest. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the principal balance owed on this loan
is and , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2014, a related party loaned the Company , in the form of cash and expenses paid on behalf of the Company. The
loan is due and payable on demand and bears no interest. The Company repaid towards this note during 2015 and as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the principal balance owed on this loan was and , respectively. 

Current
Liabilities: Convertible notes payable to related parties 

As
of December 31, 2021 the Company owed Hypur Inc. plus accrued interest. The amounts owed to Hypur were represented by eight
Promissory Notes dated between September 20, 2016 and September 3, 2019. By an agreement effective January 31, 2022 the Company and Hypur
agreed to the following: 

On
 March 3, 2022 the Company paid Hypur , which was applied to principal of the notes. 

On
 or before each date shown below, the Company paid Hypur , which applied to principal of the notes. 

On
 or before July 31, 2022 the Company will pay Hypur , which will apply to principal of the notes. 

All
 principal amounts owed to Hypur under the Promissory Notes will bear interest at per year between January 31, 2022 and July
 31, 2022 as long as the Company is not in default under the terms of its agreement with Hypur. 

If
 by July 31, 2022 all payments required by the Company s agreement with Hypur have been made in a timely fashion, Hypur will
 forgive of accrued interest owed by the Company under the Promissory Notes. 

After
 July 31, 2022 future payment plans will be negotiated, provided however that any principal amounts owed to Hypur under the Promissory
 Notes after July 31, 2022 will not bear interest in excess of per year with a default rate of per year. 

Hypur
 will waive any default rights between January 31, 2022 and August 31, 2022 on a month-to-month basis so long as all payments required
 by the Company s agreement with Hypur have been made. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company repaid a total of . The amount due as of December 31, 2022 is . Hypur forgave
 of accrued interest owed by the Company under the Promissory Notes, which was recognized as additional paid in capital. 

On
September 1, 2016, the Company entered into, a convertible promissory note with Hypur Ventures, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the Hypur Ventures which is a related party, pursuant to which the Company borrowed . per annum. The note is convertible into common stock at a price of per share.
The note is mandatory redeemable into common stock if the price per share is over per share during a 10 day period. The principal
balance owed on this loan at September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. Upon default, the note
bears a default rate of interest of per annum, and if the default has not been remedied within 30 days, the redemption price would
be of the principal amount. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Hyper has waived the default provision until further
notice. 

On
October 14, 2016, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Hypur Ventures, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
 Hypur Ventures and a related party, pursuant to which the Company borrowed . The loan was due 180 days from the
date of issuance and bears interest at per annum. The note is convertible into common stock at a price of per share. The note
is mandatory redeemable into common stock if the price per share is over per share during a 10 day period. The principal balance
owed on this loan at September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. Upon default, the note bears a
default rate of interest of per annum, and if the default has not been remedied within 30 days, the redemption price would be 
of the principal amount. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Hyper has waived the default provision until further notice. 

On
March 7, 2017, the Company borrowed from Hypur Ventures, L.P., a related party. The loan is due 180 days from March 7, 2017
and bears interest at 10 per annum. The loan is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share.
The loan will automatically convert into shares of the Company s common stock if the price of the Company s common stock
is over per share during any ten-day period. The principal balance owed on this loan December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was
 and respectively. Upon default, the note bears a default rate of interest of per annum, and if the default has
not been remedied within 30 days, the redemption price would be of the principal amount. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31,
2021, Hyper has waived the default provision until further notice. 

The
Company re-measured the fair value of derivative liabilities on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. See Note 8. 

Settlement of derivatives upon conversion 

Gain on change in fair value of the derivative 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Settlement of derivatives upon conversion 

Gain on change in fair value of the derivative 

Balance December 31, 2022 

years 
 years 
 
 Expected average volatility 

Expected dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. On May 6, 2014,
the Company effected a forward stock split and a pro-rata increase in its authorized common stock on a basis of 14-to-1, whereby each
shareholder received 14 newly issued shares of common stock for each 1 share held. Additionally, the number of authorized shares increased
to shares of common stock. All references to share and per share amounts in the consolidated financial statements and these
notes thereto have been retroactively restated to reflect the forward stock split. 

shares of common stock. All references to share and per share
amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto have been retroactively restated to reflect the forward
stock split. The Company issued a total of shares of common stock due to rounding on the reverse stock split. 

Common
stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were returned to the treasury. 

During
October 2022 the Company issued a total of shares of common stock valued at per share) to an employee, the fair
market value on the date of issuance. 

Preferred
stock 

On
May 3, 2016, the Company entered into, an agreement with Hypur Ventures, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Hypur Ventures which is a related party pursuant to which the Company sold to Hypur Ventures, in a private placement, shares of the Company s
preferred stock and common stock warrants with a term and an exercise price of , at a purchase price of 
per share for gross proceeds of . The shares of preferred stock are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock.
The preferred stock shall have such other rights, preferences and privileges to be set forth in a certificate of designation to be filed
with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Company evaluated the convertible preferred stock under FASB ASC 470-20-30 and determined it
contained a beneficial conversion feature. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was determined to be . The
beneficial conversion feature was fully amortized and recorded as a deemed dividend. 

Between
July and August of 2016 Hypur Ventures purchased an additional shares of the Company s preferred stock and 
common stock warrants with a term and an exercise price of , at a purchase price of per share for net proceeds of
 , net of legal fees of . The shares of preferred stock are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock.
The preferred stock shall have such other rights, preferences and privileges to be set forth in a certificate of designation to be filed
with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Company evaluated the convertible preferred stock under FASB ASC 470-20-30 and determined it
does not contain a beneficial conversion feature. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was determined to be . The
preferred stock is convertible at any time at the election of Hypur Ventures. The preferred stock shall automatically convert to common
stock if the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share over any consecutive twenty day trading
period. The preferred stock terms include a one-time purchase price preference. No preferential dividends apply to the preferred stock.
The preferred stock attributes include weighted average anti-dilution protection, rights to appoint one director, pre-emptive rights
to purchase future offerings of securities by the Company, demand and piggy-back registration rights. 

The
preferred stock is convertible at any time at the election of Hypur Ventures. The preferred stock shall automatically convert to common
stock if the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share over any consecutive twenty day trading
period. The preferred stock terms include a one-time purchase price preference. No preferential dividends apply to the preferred stock.
The preferred stock attributes include weighted average anti-dilution protection, rights to appoint one director, pre-emptive rights
to purchase future offerings of securities by the Company, demand and piggy-back registration rights. 

The
Company has reserved thirty million shares of common stock that may be issued upon the conversion and/or exercise of the preferred stock
and the warrants. The preferred stock sold to Hypur Ventures will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designation,
as well as further documentation to be drafted in accordance with the terms and conditions agreed upon between the Company and Hypur
Ventures. 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Total
stock-based compensation expense in connection with options and modified awards recognized in the consolidated statement of operations
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

of current year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carry backs, in each case, for losses arising in taxable years
beginning after December 31, 2017 (though any such tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely); modifying or repealing many business
deductions and credits, including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain
drugs for rare diseases or conditions generally referred to as orphan drugs and repeal of the federal Alternative Minimum
Tax AMT . 

The
staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 to address the application of GAAP in situations
when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail
to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the TCJA. In connection with the initial analysis of the impact of the TCJA,
the Company remeasured its deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future,
which is generally 21 . The remeasurement of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities was offset by a change in the valuation
allowance. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 the company had an operating profit but had a net operating loss as of December 31, 2021 that exceeded
the profit and accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been recorded. In addition, no benefit for income taxes has been recorded
due to the uncertainty of the realization of any tax assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately 
and of federal and state net operating losses. The net operating loss carry forwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire
in 2029. The provision for income taxes consisted of the following components for the years ended December 31: 

Components
of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance, are as follows at December 31: 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

FASB
ASC 740, Income Taxes, requires a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if, based on the weight of the
evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. After consideration of
all the evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that a full valuation allowance of and 
against its net deferred taxes is necessary as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The change in valuation allowance
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, the Company had and , respectively, of U.S. net operating
loss carryforwards remaining. 

As
a result of certain ownership changes, the Company may be subject to an annual limitation on the utilization of its U.S. net operating
loss carryforwards pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. A study to determine the effect, if any, of this change, has
not been undertaken. 

Tax
returns for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018 are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

Change in tax rate estimate 

Change in valuation allowance 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. In assessing
the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result, management determined
it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of December 31, 2022 and 21 and recorded a full valuation
allowance. 

Reconciliation
between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate is as follows at December 31: 

Permanent difference and other 

, with
payments as follows: 

Months 13-24: 

Months 25-36: 

Months 37-48: 

Months 49-60: 

The
Company has evaluated all other subsequent events from the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued and
has determined there are no additional events required to be disclosed. 

F- 23 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Daniel Allen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Blue Line Protection Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Allen 

Daniel Allen, Principal Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Daniel Allen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Allen 

Daniel Allen, Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Blue Line Protection Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Daniel Allen, the Company s Principal Executive and Financial
Officer, certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the Company. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Allen 

Daniel Allen, Principal Executive and Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 blpg-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 blpg-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 blpg-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 blpg-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

