<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_755001_0000950170-23-002696.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26201158</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311759</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2001933</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13903187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2950106</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6320792</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-002696.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214070154
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-002696
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITIL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000755001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				020381573
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08858
		FILM NUMBER:		23622228

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 LIBERTY LANE WEST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03842
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6037736504

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 LIBERTY LANE WEST
		CITY:			HAMPTON
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03842

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-002696.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 utl-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange of which registered 

, no par value 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whet her the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding was as of February 10, 2023. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

UNITIL CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 

Item 
 Description 
 Page 

PART I 

1. 
 Business 
 3 

Unitil Corporation 
 3 

Operations 
 4 

Rates and Regulation 
 6 

Employees 
 6 

Available Information 
 7 

Investor Information 
 7 

1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 

1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

2. 
 Properties 
 14 

3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 

4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

6. 
 Reserved 
 18 

7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) 
 19 

7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 33 

8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 

9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 

9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 77 

9B. 
 Other Information 
 77 

9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 78 

11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 

12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 78 

13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 

14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 78 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 79 

SIGNATURES 

Signatures 
 86 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company , Unitil , we , us , our and similar terms refer to Unitil Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 This report and the documents incorporated by reference into this report contain statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included or incorporated by reference into this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding the financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for the future operations of the Company (as such term is defined in Part I, Item I (Business)), are forward-looking statements. 
 These statements include declarations regarding the Company s beliefs and current expectations. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties include those described in Part I, Item 1A (Risk Factors) and the following: 
 numerous hazards and operating risks relating to the Company s electric and natural gas distribution activities, which could result in accidents and other operating risks and costs; 

fluctuations in the supply of, demand for, and the prices of, electric and gas energy commodities and transmission and transportation capacity and the Company s ability to recover energy supply costs in its rates; 

catastrophic events; 

cyber-attacks, acts of terrorism, acts of war, severe weather, a solar event, an electromagnetic event, a natural disaster, the age and condition of information technology assets, human error, or other factors could disrupt the Company s operations and cause the Company to incur unanticipated losses and expense; 

outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to substandard quality of service delivery or substandard deliverables, which may result in missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards) or reputational harm, which could negatively affect our results of operations; 

unforeseen or changing circumstances, which could adversely affect the reduction of Company-wide direct greenhouse gas emissions; 

the Company s regulatory and legislative environment (including laws and regulations relating to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental matters) could affect the rates the Company is able to charge, the Company s authorized rate of return, the Company s ability to recover costs in its rates, the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the scope of the Company s regulated activities; 

general economic conditions, which could adversely affect (i) the Company s customers and, consequently, the demand for the Company s distribution services, (ii) the availability of credit and liquidity resources, and (iii) certain of the Company s counterparty s obligations (including those of its insurers and lenders); 

the Company s ability to obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms; 

increases in interest rates, which could increase the Company s interest expense; 

declines in capital markets valuations, which could require the Company to make substantial cash contributions to cover its pension obligations, and the Company s ability to recover pension obligation costs in its rates; 

restrictive covenants contained in the terms of the Company s and its subsidiaries indebtedness, which restrict certain aspects of the Company s business operations; 

customers preferred energy sources; 

severe storms and the Company s ability to recover storm costs in its rates; 

variations in weather, which could decrease demand for the Company s distribution services; 

1 
 
 long-term global climate change, which could adversely affect customer demand or cause extreme weather events that could disrupt the Company s electric and natural gas distribution services; 

the Company s ability to retain its existing customers and attract new customers; 

increased competition; and 

other presently unknown or unforeseen factors. 

Many of these risks are beyond the Company s control. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors, nor can the Company assess the effect of any such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 2 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 UNITIL CORPORATION 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company , Unitil , we , and our refer to Unitil Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. Unitil is a public utility holding company incorporated under the laws of the State of New Hampshire in 1984. The following companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Unitil: 

Company Name 
 
 State and Year of Organization 
 
 Principal Business 

Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. (Unitil Energy) 
 
 NH - 1901 
 
 Electric Distribution Utility 

Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company (Fitchburg) 
 
 MA - 1852 
 
 Electric Natural Gas Distribution Utility 

Northern Utilities, Inc. (Northern Utilities) 
 
 NH - 1979 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution Utility 

Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc. (Granite State) 
 
 NH - 1955 
 
 Natural Gas Transmission Pipeline 

Unitil Power Corp. (Unitil Power) 
 
 NH - 1984 
 
 Wholesale Electric Power Utility 

Unitil Service Corp. (Unitil Service) 
 
 NH - 1984 
 
 Utility Service Company 

Unitil Realty Corp. (Unitil Realty) 
 
 NH - 1986 
 
 Real Estate Management 

Unitil Resources, Inc. (Unitil Resources) 
 
 NH - 1993 
 
 Non-regulated Energy Services 

Unitil and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation as a holding company system by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) under the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 
 Unitil s principal business is the local distribution of electricity and natural gas to approximately 195,600 customers throughout its service territories in the states of New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine. Unitil is the parent company of three wholly-owned distribution utilities: i) Unitil Energy, which provides electric service in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New Hampshire, including the capital city of Concord, ii) Fitchburg, which provides both electric and natural gas service in the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts, and iii) Northern Utilities, which provides natural gas service in southeastern New Hampshire and portions of southern and central Maine, including the city of Portland, which is the largest city in northern New England. In addition, Unitil is the parent company of Granite State, an interstate natural gas transmission pipeline company that provides interstate natural gas pipeline access and transportation services to Northern Utilities in its New Hampshire and Maine service territory. Together, Unitil s three distribution utilities serve approximately 108,100 electric customers and 87,500 natural gas customers. 

Customers Served as of December 31, 2022 

Residential 

Commercial Industrial (C I) 

Total 

Electric: 

Unitil Energy 

66,500 

11,300 

77,800 

Fitchburg 

26,200 

4,100 

30,300 

Total Electric 

92,700 

15,400 

108,100 

Natural Gas: 

Northern Utilities 

54,300 

16,900 

71,200 

Fitchburg 

14,600 

1,700 

16,300 

Total Natural Gas 

68,900 

18,600 

87,500 

Total Customers Served 

161,600 

34,000 

195,600 

Unitil had an investment in Net Utility Plant of 1,331.7 million at December 31, 2022. The Company s total operating revenue was 563.2 million in 2022. Unitil s operating revenue is substantially derived from regulated electric and natural gas distribution utility operations. A fifth utility subsidiary, Unitil Power, formerly functioned as the full requirements wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy. In connection with the implementation of electric industry restructuring in New Hampshire, on May 1, 2003 Unitil Power ceased being the wholesale supplier of Unitil Energy and divested its long-term power supply contracts through the sale of the entitlements to the electricity associated with various electric power supply contracts it had acquired to serve Unitil Energy s customers. In the period since, Unitil Power continued to flow revenues and expenses from remaining contracts to Unitil Energy under the Amended Unitil System Agreement. The last of those contracts expired October 31, 2020, and the Company no longer has material revenues or expenses associated with those contracts. 
 3 
 
 Unitil has three other wholly-owned non-utility subsidiaries: Unitil Service, Unitil Realty, and Unitil Resources. Unitil Service provides, at cost, a variety of administrative and professional services, including regulatory, financial, accounting, human resources, engineering, operations, technology and energy supply management services on a centralized basis to its affiliated Unitil companies. Unitil Realty owns and manages the Company s corporate office in Hampton, New Hampshire. Unitil Resources is the Company s wholly-owned non-regulated subsidiary which currently does not have any activity. For segment information relating to each segment s revenue, earnings and assets, see Note 2 (Segment Information) to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) of this report. All of the Company s revenues are attributable to customers in the United States of America and all its long-lived assets are located in the United States of America. 
 OPERATIONS 
 Electric Distribution Utility Operations 
 Unitil s electric distribution operations are conducted through two of the Company s utilities, Unitil Energy and Fitchburg. Revenue from Unitil s electric utility operations was 297.9 million in 2022, which represents about 53 of Unitil s total operating revenue. The Company s GAAP Electric Gross Margin was 73.4 million in 2022. The Company s Electric Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 98.8 million in 2022, or 41 of Unitil s total Adjusted Gross Margin. See Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) for a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures for the periods presented. 
 The primary business of Unitil s electric utility operations is the local distribution of electricity to customers in its service territory in New Hampshire and Massachusetts. All of Unitil Energy s and Fitchburg s electric customers are entitled to purchase their supply of electricity from third-party competitive suppliers, while Unitil Energy and Fitchburg remain their electric distribution company. Both Unitil Energy and Fitchburg supply electricity to those customers who do not obtain their supply from third-party competitive suppliers, with the approved costs associated with electricity supply being recovered on a pass-through basis under regulated reconciling rate mechanisms that are periodically adjusted. 
 Unitil Energy distributes electricity to approximately 77,800 customers in New Hampshire in the capital city of Concord as well as parts of 12 surrounding towns, and all or part of 18 towns in the southeastern and seacoast regions of New Hampshire, including the towns of Hampton, Exeter, Atkinson and Plaistow. Unitil Energy s service territory consists of approximately 408 square miles. Unitil Energy s service territory encompasses retail and recreation centers for the central and southeastern parts of the state and includes the Hampton Beach recreational area. These areas serve diversified commercial and industrial businesses, including manufacturing firms engaged in the production of electronic components, wire and plastics, as well as firms engaged in the aviation, defense, healthcare and education sectors. Unitil Energy s 2022 electric operating revenue was 208.9 million, of which approximately 60 was derived from residential sales and 40 from commercial and industrial (C I) sales. 
 Fitchburg is engaged in the distribution of both electricity and natural gas in the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts. Fitchburg s service territory encompasses approximately 170 square miles. Electricity is distributed by Fitchburg to approximately 30,300 customers in the communities of Fitchburg, Ashby, Townsend and Lunenburg. Fitchburg s industrial customers include paper manufacturing and paper products companies, rubber and plastics manufacturers, precision machining and molding, non-lethal ballistics manufacturing, specialty chemicals compounding, cannabis growing and processing facilities, printing, and educational institutions. Fitchburg s 2022 electric operating revenue was 89.0 million, of which approximately 58 was derived from residential sales and 42 from C I sales. 
 Natural Gas Operations 
 Unitil s natural gas operations include gas distribution utility operations and interstate gas transmission pipeline operations. Revenue from Unitil s gas operations was 265.3 million in 2022, which represents about 47 of Unitil s total operating revenue. The Company s GAAP Gas Gross Margin was 107.6 million in 2022. The Company s Gas Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 143.9 million in 2022, or 59 of Unitil s total Adjusted Gross Margin. See Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) for a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures for the periods presented. 
 4 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution Utility Operations 
 Unitil s natural gas distribution operations are conducted through two of the Company s operating utilities, Northern Utilities and Fitchburg. The primary business of Unitil s natural gas utility operations is the local distribution of natural gas to customers in its service territories in New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine. Northern Utilities C I customers and Fitchburg s residential and C I customers are entitled to purchase their natural gas supply from third-party competitive suppliers, while Northern Utilities or Fitchburg remains their gas distribution company. Both Northern Utilities and Fitchburg supply gas to those customers who do not obtain their supply from third-party competitive suppliers, with the approved costs associated with this gas supply recovered on a pass-through basis underregulated reconciling rate mechanisms that are periodically adjusted. 
 Northern Utilities distributes natural gas to approximately 71,200 customers in 47 New Hampshire and southern Maine communities, from Plaistow, New Hampshire in the south to the city of Portland, Maine and then extending to Lewiston-Auburn, Maine to the north. Northern Utilities has a diversified customer base both in Maine and New Hampshire. Commercial businesses include healthcare, education, government and retail. Northern Utilities industrial base includes manufacturers in the auto, housing, paper, printing, textile, pharmaceutical, electronics, wire and food production industries as well as a military installation. Northern Utilities 2022 gas operating revenue was 209.1 million, of which approximately 36 was derived from residential firm sales and 64 from C I firm sales. 
 Fitchburg distributes natural gas to approximately 16,300 customers in the communities of Fitchburg, Lunenburg, Townsend, Ashby, Gardner and Westminster, all located in Massachusetts. Fitchburg s industrial customers include paper manufacturing and paper products companies, rubber and plastics manufacturers, cannabis growing and processing facilities, printing, educational institutions. Fitchburg s 2022 gas operating revenue was 47.8 million, of which approximately 58 was derived from residential firm sales and 42 from C I firm sales. 
 Gas Transmission Pipeline Operations 
 Granite State is an interstate natural gas transmission pipeline company, operating 86 miles of underground gas transmission pipeline primarily located in Maine and New Hampshire. Granite State provides Northern Utilities with interconnection to major natural gas pipelines and access to domestic natural gas supplies in the south and Canadian natural gas supplies in the north. Granite State had operating revenue of 8.4 million in 2022. Granite State derives its revenues principally from the transportation services provided to Northern Utilities and to third-party suppliers under FERC-approved rates. 
 Seasonality 
 The Company s results of operations are expected to reflect the seasonal nature of the natural gas business. Annual gas revenues are substantially realized during the colder weather seasons of the year as a result of higher sales of natural gas used for heating-related purposes. Accordingly, the results of operations are historically most favorable in the first and fourth quarters. Fluctuations in seasonal weather conditions may have a significant effect on the result of operations. Sales of electricity are generally less sensitive to weather than natural gas sales, but may also be affected by weather conditions and the temperature in the winter and summer seasons. 
 Unitil Energy, Fitchburg and Northern Utilities have a well-diversified customer mix and are not dependent on a single customer, or a few customers, for their electric and natural gas sales. 
 Revenue Decoupling 
 
 Revenue decoupling is the term given to the elimination of the dependency of a utility s distribution revenue on the volume of electricity or gas sales. The difference between distribution revenue amounts billed to customers and the targeted revenue decoupling amounts is recognized as an increase or a decrease in Accrued Revenue, which forms the basis for resetting rates for future cash recoveries from, or credits to, customers. These revenue decoupling targets may be adjusted as a result of rate cases and other authorized adjustments that the Company files with the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities (MDPU) and New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission (NHPUC). Fitchburg has been subject to revenue decoupling since 2011. Unitil Energy is subject to revenue decoupling as of June 1, 2022. As a result of Unitil Energy now being subject to revenue decoupling, as of June 1, 2022, revenue decoupling now applies to substantially all of Unitil s total annual electric sales volumes. As a result of the recently received final order in Northern Utilities base rate case in New Hampshire, substantially all of Northern Utilities gas sales volumes in New Hampshire are subject to decoupling as of August 1, 2022. As of August 1, 2022, the Company estimates that revenue decoupling applies to approximately 43 of Unitil s total annual gas sales volumes. 
 5 
 
 The Company's electric and gas sales in New Hampshire and Massachusetts are now largely decoupled. The following table shows the estimated percentages of electric and gas sales that are subject to revenue decoupling for the periods presented. 
 Revenue Decoupling 
 Estimated Percentage of Decoupled Sales 
 For Periods Presented 

Electric 

Before June 1, 2022 
 
 27 

After June 1, 2022 
 
 Substantially All 

Gas 

Before August 1, 2022 
 
 11 

After August 1, 2022 
 
 43 

Non-Regulated and Other Non-Utility Operations 
 The results of Unitil s other non-utility subsidiaries, Unitil Service, Unitil Resources, Unitil Realty, and the holding company, are included in the Company s consolidated results of operations. The results of these non-utility operations are principally derived from income earned on short-term investments and real property owned for Unitil s and its subsidiaries use and are reported, after intercompany eliminations, in Other segment income. For segment information, see Note 2 (Segment Information) to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) of this report. 
 RATES AND REGULATION 
 Regulation 
 Unitil is subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state regulatory authorities. Unitil and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation as a holding company system by the FERC under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 with regard to certain bookkeeping, accounting and reporting requirements. Unitil s utility operations related to wholesale and interstate energy business activities also are regulated by the FERC. Unitil s distribution utilities are subject to regulation by the applicable state public utility commissions, with regard to their rates, issuance of securities and other accounting and operational matters: Unitil Energy is subject to regulation by the NHPUC; Fitchburg is subject to regulation by the MDPU; and Northern Utilities is regulated by the NHPUC and Maine Public Utilities Commission (MPUC). Granite State, Unitil s interstate natural gas transmission pipeline, is subject to regulation by the FERC with regard to its rates and operations. Because Unitil s primary operations are subject to rate regulation, the regulatory treatment of various matters could significantly affect the Company s operations and financial position. 
 Unitil s distribution utilities deliver electricity and/or natural gas to all customers in their service territory, at rates established under cost of service regulation. Under this regulatory structure, Unitil s distribution utilities are provided the opportunity to recover the cost of providing distribution service to their customers based on a test year, and to earn a reasonable return on their capital investment in utility assets. In addition, the Company s distribution utilities and its natural gas transmission pipeline company may recover certain base rate costs, including capital project spending and enhanced reliability and vegetation management programs, through annual step adjustments and cost tracking rate mechanisms. The Company's electric and gas sales in New Hampshire and Massachusetts are now largely decoupled. 
 Also see Note 6 (Energy Supply) and Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding rates and regulation. 
 EMPLOYEES 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had 516 employees. The Company considers its relationship with employees to be good and has not experienced any major labor disruptions. 
 The Company strives to be the employer of choice in the communities it serves regardless of race, religion, color, gender, or sexual orientation. The Company works diligently to attract the best talent from a diverse range of sources to meet the current and future demands of our business. 
 6 
 
 To attract and retain a talented workforce, Unitil provides employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location. All employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leave, educational assistance, retirement plan and life and disability/accident coverage. Feedback from employees is collected annually in the Company s Employee Opinion survey. This feedback helps create action plans to improve the engagement of employees consistent with the Company s culture of continuous improvement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a total of 170 employees of certain of the Company s subsidiaries were represented by labor unions. The following table details by subsidiary the employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) as of December 31, 2022: 

Employees Covered 
 
 CBA Expiration 

Fitchburg 
 
 41 

5/31/2027 

Northern Utilities NH Division 
 
 35 

06/07/2025 

Northern Utilities ME Division 
 
 40 

03/31/2026 

Granite State 
 
 4 

03/31/2026 

Unitil Energy 
 
 41 

05/31/2023 

Unitil Service - Gas Control 
 
 4 

3/31/2024 

Unitil Service 
 
 5 

05/31/2023 

The CBAs provide discrete salary adjustments, established work practices and uniform benefit packages. The Company expects to negotiate new agreements prior to their expiration dates. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 The Internet address for the Company s website is unitil.com . On the Investors section of the Company s website, the Company makes available, free of charge, its Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other reports, as well as amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practical after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes such material to, the SEC. 
 The Company s current Code of Ethics was approved by Unitil s Board of Directors on January 15, 2004. This Code of Ethics, along with any amendments or waivers, is also available on Unitil s website. 
 Unitil s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol UTL . 
 INVESTOR INFORMATION 
 Annual Meeting 
 The Company s annual meeting of shareholders is scheduled to be held at the offices of the Company, 6 Liberty Lane West, Hampton, New Hampshire, on Wednesday, April 26, 2023, at 11:30 a.m. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 The Company s transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services, is responsible for shareholder records, issuance of common stock, administration of the Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, and the distribution of Unitil s dividends and IRS Form 1099-DIV. Shareholders may contact Computershare at: 
 Computershare Investor Services 
 P.O. Box 43078 
 Providence, RI 02940-3078 
 Telephone: 800-736-3001 
 www.computershare.com/investor 
 7 
 
 Investor Relations 
 For information about the Company, you may call the Company directly, toll-free, at: 800-999-6501 and ask for the Investor Relations Representative; visit the Investors page at www.unitil.com ; or contact the transfer agent, Computershare, at the number listed above. 
 Special Services Shareholder Programs Available to Holders of Record 
 If a shareholder s shares of our common stock are registered directly in the shareholder s name with the Company s transfer agent, the shareholder is considered a holder of record of the shares. The following services and programs are available to shareholders of record: 
 Internet Account Access is available at www.computershare.com/investor . 

Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan: 

To enroll, please contact the Company s Investor Relations Representative or Computershare. 
 Dividend Direct Deposit Service: 

To enroll, please contact the Company s Investor Relations Representative or Computershare. 
 Direct Registration: 

For information, please contact Computershare at 800-935-9330 or the Company s Investor Relations Representative at 800-999-6501. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 When considering an investment in our securities, investors should consider the following risk factors, as well as the information contained under the caption Cautionary Statement immediately following the Table of Contents in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional risks not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial may also impair business operations and financial results. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of the Company s common stock could decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. The risk factors below are categorized by operational, regulatory, financial and general. 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 A substantial disruption or lack of growth in interstate natural gas pipeline transmission and storage capacity and electric transmission capacity may impair the Company s ability to meet customers existing and future requirements. 
 To meet existing and future customer demands for electricity and natural gas, the Company must acquire sufficient supplies of electricity and natural gas. In addition, the Company must contract for reliable and adequate upstream transmission and transportation capacity for its distribution systems while considering the dynamics of the natural gas interstate pipelines and storage, the electric transmission markets and its own on-system resources. The Company s financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected if the future availability of electric and natural gas supply were insufficient to meet future customer demands for electricity and natural gas. 
 The Company s electric and natural gas distribution activities (including storing natural gas and supplemental gas supplies) involve numerous hazards and operating risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. Any such accident or costs could adversely affect the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 Inherent in the Company s electric and natural gas distribution activities are a variety of hazards and operating risks, including leaks, explosions, electrocutions, mechanical problems and aging infrastructure. These hazards and risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, damage to natural resources and impairment of the Company s operations, which could adversely affect the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 The Company maintains insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses in accordance with customary industry practice. The location of pipelines, storage facilities and electric distribution equipment near populated areas (including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites) could increase the level of damages associated with these 
 8 
 
 hazards and operating risks. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 The Company s operational and information systems on which it relies to conduct its business and serve customers could fail to function properly due to technological problems, a cyber-attack, acts of terrorism, severe weather, a solar event, an electromagnetic event, a natural disaster, the age and condition of information technology assets, human error, or other reasons, that could disrupt the Company s operations and cause the Company to incur unanticipated losses and expense. 
 The operation of the Company s extensive electric and natural gas systems rely on evolving information and operating technology systems and network infrastructure that are likely to become more complex as new technologies and systems are developed. The Company s business is highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex. The failure of these systems and networks could significantly disrupt operations; result in outages and/or damages to the Company s assets or operations or those of third parties on which it relies; and subject the Company to claims by customers or third parties, any of which could have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The Company s information systems, including its financial information, operational systems, metering, and billing systems, require constant maintenance, modification, and updating, which can be costly and increases the risk of errors and malfunction. Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, the diversion of management s and employees attention and resources, and could negatively affect the effectiveness of the Company s control environment, and/or the Company s ability to timely file required regulatory reports. Despite implementation of security and mitigation measures, all of the Company s technology systems are vulnerable to impairment or failure due to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, human errors, acts of war or terrorism and other reasons. If the Company s information technology systems were to fail or be materially impaired, the Company might be unable to fulfill critical business functions and serve its customers, which could have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company collects and retains sensitive electronic data including personal identification information about customers and employees, customer energy usage, and other confidential information. The theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data through security breaches or other means could subject the Company to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws or claims from third parties and could harm the Company s reputation and adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the Company s electric and natural gas distribution and transmission delivery systems are part of an interconnected regional grid and pipeline system. If these neighboring interconnected systems were to be disrupted due to cyber-attacks, computer viruses, human errors, acts of war or terrorism or other reasons, the Company s operations and its ability to serve its customers would be adversely affected, which could have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We outsource certain business functions to third-party suppliers and service providers, and substandard performance by those third parties could harm our business, reputation and results of operations. 
 We outsource certain services to third parties in areas including information technology, telecommunications, networks, transaction processing, human resources, payroll and payroll processing and other areas. Outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to substandard quality of service delivery or substandard deliverables, which may result in missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards) or reputational harm, which could negatively affect our results of operations. We also continue to pursue enhancements to modernize our systems and processes. If any difficulties in the operation of these systems were to occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations, or adversely affect our ability to work with regulators, unions, customers or employees. 
 The inability to attract and retain a qualified workforce including, but not limited to, executive officers, key employees and employees with specialized skills, could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations. 
 The success of our business depends on the leadership of our executive officers and other key employees to implement our business strategies. The inability to maintain a qualified workforce including, but not limited to, executive officers, key employees and employees with specialized skills, may negatively affect our ability to service our existing or new customers, or 
 9 
 
 successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. There may not be sufficiently skilled employees available internally to replace employees when they retire or otherwise leave active employment. Shortages of certain highly skilled employees may also mean that qualified employees are not available externally to replace these employees when they are needed. In addition, shortages in highly skilled employees coupled with competitive pressures may require the Company to incur additional employee recruiting and compensation expenses. 
 The Company may be adversely affected by work stoppages, labor disputes, and/or pandemic illness to which it may not able to promptly respond. 
 Approximately one-third of the Company s employees are represented by labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Disputes with the unions over terms and conditions of the agreements could result in instability in the Company s labor relationships and work stoppages that could affect the timely delivery of electricity and natural gas, which could strain relationships with customers and state regulators and cause a loss of revenues. The Company s collective bargaining agreements also may increase the cost of employing its union workforce, affect its ability to continue offering market-based salaries and employee benefits, limit its flexibility in dealing with its workforce, and limit its ability to change work rules and practices and implement other efficiency-related improvements to successfully compete in today s challenging marketplace, which may negatively affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, pandemic illness could result in part, or all, of the Company s workforce being unable to operate or maintain the Company s infrastructure or perform other tasks necessary to conduct the Company s business. A slow or inadequate response to this type of event may adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 REGULATORY RISKS 
 The Company is subject to comprehensive regulation, which could adversely affect the rates it is able to charge, its authorized rate of return and its ability to recover costs. In addition, certain regulatory authorities have the statutory authority to impose financial penalties and other sanctions on the Company, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The Company is subject to comprehensive regulation by federal regulatory authorities (including the FERC) and state regulatory authorities (including the NHPUC, MDPU and MPUC). These authorities regulate many aspects of the Company s operations, including the rates that the Company can charge customers, the Company s authorized rates of return, the Company s ability to recover costs from its customers, construction and maintenance of the Company s facilities, the Company s safety protocols and procedures, including environmental compliance, the Company s ability to issue securities, the Company s accounting matters, and transactions between the Company and its affiliates. The Company is unable to predict the effect on its financial condition and results of operations from the regulatory activities of any of these regulatory authorities. Changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, regulatory proceedings regarding fossil fuel use and system electrification, or regulatory decisions particular to the Company could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company s ability to obtain rate adjustments to maintain its current authorized rates of return depends upon action by regulatory authorities under applicable statutes, rules and regulations. These regulatory authorities are authorized to leave the Company s rates unchanged, to grant increases in such rates, or to order decreases in such rates. The Company may be unable to obtain favorable rate adjustments or to maintain its current authorized rates of return, which could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Regulatory authorities also have authority with respect to the Company s ability to recover its electricity and natural gas supply costs, as incurred by Unitil Power, Unitil Energy, Fitchburg, and Northern Utilities. If the Company is unable to recover a significant amount of these costs, or if the Company s recovery of these costs is significantly delayed, the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, certain regulatory authorities have the statutory authority to impose financial penalties and other sanctions on the Company if the Company is found to have violated statutes, rules or regulations governing its utility operations. Any such penalties or sanctions could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 10 
 
 The Company s business is subject to environmental regulation in all jurisdictions in which it operates and its costs of compliance are significant. New, or changes to existing, environmental regulation, including those related to climate change or greenhouse gas emissions, and the incurrence of environmental liabilities could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The Company s utility operations are generally subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and the health and safety of the Company s employees. The Company s utility operations also may be subject to new and emerging federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives related to climate change or greenhouse gas emissions including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s mandatory greenhouse gas reporting rule. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties and other sanctions; imposition of remedial requirements; and issuance of injunctions to ensure future compliance. Liability under certain environmental laws and regulations is strict, joint and several in nature. Although the Company believes it is in material compliance with all applicable environmental and safety laws and regulations, there is no assurance that the Company will not incur significant costs and liabilities in the future. Moreover, it is possible that other developments, such as increasingly stringent federal, state or local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change or greenhouse gas emissions, could result in increased environmental compliance costs. The Company has committed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from 2019 levels by at least 50 by 2030 and to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Unforeseen or changing circumstances could adversely affect the Company's ability to achieve these greenhouse gas emissions goals and changes in the regulatory environment could result in the costs associated with efforts to achieve these goals not qualifying for recovery. 
 FINANCIAL RISKS 
 The Company may not be able to obtain financing, or may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company requires capital to fund utility plant additions, working capital and other utility expenditures. While the Company derives the capital necessary to meet these requirements primarily from internally generated funds, the Company supplements internally generated funds by incurring short-term and long-term debt, as needed. Additionally, from time to time the Company has accessed the public capital markets through public offerings of equity securities. A downgrade of our credit rating or events beyond our control, such as a disruption in global capital and credit markets, could increase our cost of borrowing and cost of capital or restrict our ability to access the capital markets and negatively affect our ability to maintain and to expand our businesses. 
 The Company s short-term debt revolving credit facility typically has variable interest rates. Therefore, an increase or decrease in interest rates will increase or decrease the Company s interest expense associated with its revolving credit facility. An increase in the Company s interest expense could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately 116.0 million in short-term debt outstanding under its revolving credit facility. If the lending counterparties under the Company s current credit facility are unwilling or unable to meet their funding obligations, the Company may be unable to, or limited in its ability, to borrow under its credit facility. This situation could hinder or prevent the Company from meeting its current and future capital needs, which could correspondingly adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results or operations, and cash flows. 
 Also, from time to time the Company repays portions of its short-term debt with the proceeds it receives from long-term debt financings or equity financings. General economic conditions, conditions in the capital and credit markets and the Company s operating and financial performance could negatively affect the Company s ability to obtain such financings or the terms of such financings, which could correspondingly adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The Company s long-term debt typically has fixed interest rates. Therefore, changes in interest rates will not affect the Company s interest expense associated with its presently outstanding fixed rate long-term debt. However, an increase or decrease in interest rates may increase or decrease the Company s interest expense associated with any new fixed rate long-term debt issued by the Company, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The Company may need to use a significant portion of its cash flow to repay its short-term debt and long-term debt, which would limit the amount of cash it has available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes and could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 11 
 
 Changes in taxation and the ability to quantify such changes could adversely affect the Company s financial results. 
 The Company is subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where it does business. Legislation or regulation which could affect the Company s tax burden could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities. The Company cannot predict the timing or extent of such tax-related developments which could have a negative effect on the financial results. The Company uses its best judgment in attempting to quantify and reserve for these tax obligations. However, a challenge by a taxing authority, the Company s ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates. 
 Declines in capital market valuations could require the Company to make substantial cash contributions to cover its pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations. If the Company is unable to recover a significant amount of pension and other post-retirement benefit obligation costs in its rates, or if the Company s recovery of these costs in its rates is significantly delayed, its financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The amount of cash contributions the Company is required to make in respect of its pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations is dependent upon capital market valuations. Adverse changes in capital market valuations could result in the Company being required to make substantial cash contributions in respect to these obligations. These cash contributions could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows if the Company is unable to recover such costs in rates or if such recovery is significantly delayed. See section titled Critical Accounting Policies Retirement Benefit Obligations in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note 9 (Retirement Benefit Plans) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion of the Company s pension obligations. 
 The terms of the Company s and its subsidiaries indebtedness restrict the Company s and its subsidiaries business operations (including their ability to incur material amounts of additional indebtedness), which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The terms of the Company s and its subsidiaries indebtedness impose various restrictions on the Company s business operations, including the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness. These restrictions could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. See sections titled Liquidity, Commitments and Capital Requirements in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion of these restrictions. 
 Unitil is a public utility holding company and has no operating income of its own. The Company s ability to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent on dividends and other payments received from its subsidiaries and on factors directly affecting Unitil, the parent corporation. The Company cannot assure that its current annual dividend will be paid in the future. 
 The ability of the Company s subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to Unitil depends on, among other things: 
 the actual and projected earnings and cash flow, capital requirements and general financial condition of the Company s subsidiaries; 

the prior rights of holders of existing and future preferred stock, mortgage bonds, long-term notes and other debt issued by the Company s subsidiaries; 

the restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the existing loan agreements of the Company s subsidiaries and that may be contained in future debt agreements of the Company s subsidiaries, if any; and 

limitations that may be imposed by New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine state regulatory authorities. 

In addition, before the Company can pay dividends on its common stock, it must satisfy its debt obligations and comply with any statutory or contractual limitations. 
 As of February 14, 2023, the Company s current effective annualized dividend is 1.62 per share of common stock, payable quarterly. The Company s Board of Directors reviews Unitil s dividend policy periodically in light of a number of 
 12 
 
 business and financial factors, including those referred to in this report, and the Company cannot assure the amount of dividends, if any, that may be paid in the future. 
 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 The Company s electric and natural gas sales and revenues are highly correlated with the economy, and national, regional and local economic conditions may adversely affect the Company s customers and correspondingly the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The Company s business is influenced by the economic activity within its service territory. The level of economic activity in the Company s electric and natural gas distribution service territories directly affects the Company s business. As a result, adverse changes in the economy may adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results or operations, and cash flows. Economic downturns or periods of high electric and gas supply costs typically can lead to the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency and self-generation by customers. This focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity and gas sales in our service territories. If any such declines were to occur without corresponding adjustments in rates, our revenues would be reduced and our future growth prospects would be limited. In addition, a period of prolonged economic weakness could affect our customers ability to pay bills in a timely manner and increase customer bankruptcies, which may lead to increased bad debt expenses or other adverse effects on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 A significant amount of the Company s sales are temperature sensitive. Because of this, mild winter and summer temperatures could decrease the Company s sales, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Also, the Company s sales may vary from year to year depending on weather conditions, and the Company s results of operations generally reflect seasonality. 
 A significant amount of the Company s natural gas sales are temperature sensitive. Therefore, mild winter temperatures could decrease the amount of natural gas sold by the Company, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The Company s electric sales also are temperature sensitive, but less so than its natural gas sales. The highest usage of electricity typically occurs in the summer months (due to air conditioning demand) and the winter months (due to heating-related and lighting requirements). Therefore, mild summer temperatures and mild winter temperatures could decrease the amount of electricity sold by the Company, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Also, because of this temperature sensitivity, sales by the Company s distribution utilities vary from year to year, depending on weather conditions. 
 The Company s results of operations are expected to reflect the seasonal nature of the natural gas business. Annual gas revenues are substantially realized during the colder weather seasons of the year as a result of higher sales of natural gas used for heating-related purposes. Accordingly, the results of operations are historically most favorable in the first and fourth quarters. Fluctuations in seasonal weather conditions may have a significant effect on the result of operations. Sales of electricity are generally less sensitive to weather than natural gas sales, but may also be affected by the weather conditions and the temperature in both the winter and summer seasons. 
 Catastrophic events could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 The electric and natural gas utility industries are from time to time affected by catastrophic events, such as unusually severe weather and significant and widespread failures of plant and equipment. Other catastrophic occurrences, such as terrorist attacks on utility facilities, may occur in the future. Such events could inhibit the Company s ability to deliver electricity or natural gas to its customers for an extended period, which could affect customer satisfaction and adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If customers, legislators, or regulators develop a negative opinion of the Company, this situation could result in increased regulatory oversight and could affect the equity returns that the Company is allowed to earn. Also, if the Company is unable to recover in its rates a significant amount of costs associated with catastrophic events, or if the Company s recovery of such costs in its rates is significantly delayed, the Company s financial condition, results or operations, or cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company s business could be adversely affected if it is unable to retain its existing customers or attract new customers, or if customers demand for its current products and services significantly decreases. 
 The success of the Company s business depends, in part, on its ability to maintain and increase its customer base and the demand that those customers have for the Company s products and services. The Company s failure to maintain or increase its 
 13 
 
 customer base and/or customer demand for its products and services could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The electricity and natural gas supply requirements of the Company s customers are fulfilled by the Company or, in some instances and as allowed by state regulatory authorities, by third-party suppliers who contract directly with customers. In either scenario, significant increases in electricity and natural gas commodity prices may negatively affect the Company s ability to attract new customers and grow its customer base. 
 Developments in distributed generation, energy conservation, power generation and energy storage could affect the Company s revenues and the timing of the recovery of the Company s costs. Advancements in power generation technology are improving the cost-effectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity. Improvements in energy storage technology, including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity requirements. Such developments could reduce customer purchases of electricity, but may not necessarily reduce the Company s investment and operating requirements due to the Company s obligation to serve customers, including those self-supply customers whose equipment has failed for any reason, to provide the power they need. In addition, because a portion of the Company s costs are recovered through charges based upon the volume of power delivered, reductions in electricity deliveries will affect the timing of the Company s recovery of those costs and may require changes to the Company s rate structures. 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, Unitil owned through its natural gas and electric distribution utilities, five utility operating centers located in New Hampshire, Maine and Massachusetts. The Company s real estate subsidiary, Unitil Realty, owns the Company s corporate headquarters building and the land on which it is located in Hampton, New Hampshire. 
 The following tables detail certain of the Company s electric and natural gas operations properties. 
 Electric Operations 

Description 
 
 Unitil Energy 

Fitchburg 

Total 

Primary Transmission and Distribution Pole Miles Overhead 

1,284 

450 

1,734 

Conduit Distribution Bank Miles Underground 

239 

69 

308 

Transmission and Distribution Substations 

35 

15 

50 

Transformer Capacity of Transmission and Distribution Substations (MVA) 

470.1 

429.4 

899.5 

Does not include load served directly from sub-transmission. 
 Natural Gas Operations 

Northern Utilities 

Description 
 
 NH 

ME 

Fitchburg 

Granite State 

Total 

Underground Natural Gas Mains Miles 

579 

610 

272 

1,461 

Natural Gas Transmission Pipeline Miles 

86 

86 

Service Pipes 

24,638 

23,902 

11,242 

59,782 

Unitil Energy s electric substations are located on land owned by Unitil Energy or land occupied by Unitil Energy pursuant to perpetual easements in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New Hampshire . Unitil Energy s electric distribution lines are located in, on or under public highways or private lands pursuant to lease, easement, permit, municipal consent, tariff conditions, agreement or license, expressed or implied through use by Unitil Energy without objection by the owners. In the case of certain distribution lines, Unitil Energy owns only a part interest in the poles upon which its wires are installed, the remaining interest being owned by telecommunication companies. 
 14 
 
 The physical utility properties of Unitil Energy, with certain exceptions, and its franchises are subject to its indenture of mortgage and deed of trust under which the respective series of first mortgage bonds of Unitil Energy are outstanding. 
 Fitchburg s electric substations, with minor exceptions, are located in north central Massachusetts on land owned by Fitchburg or occupied by Fitchburg pursuant to perpetual easements. Fitchburg s electric distribution lines and gas mains are located in, on, or under public highways or private lands pursuant to lease, easement, permit, municipal consent, tariff conditions, agreement or license, express or implied through use by Fitchburg without objection by the owners. Fitchburg owns full interest in the poles upon which its wires are installed. 
 The Company s natural gas operations property includes two liquefied propane gas plants and two liquid natural gas (LNG) plants. Northern Utilities also owns a propane air gas plant and an LNG storage and vaporization facility. Fitchburg owns a propane air gas plant and an LNG storage and vaporization facility, both of which are located on land owned by Fitchburg in north central Massachusetts. 
 Northern Utilities gas mains are primarily made up of polyethylene plastic(83.4 ), coated and wrapped cathodically protected steel (15.4 ), cast/wrought iron (1.1 ), and unprotected bare and coated steel (0.1 ). Fitchburg s gas mains are primarily made up of coated steel (43.9 ), bare steel (1.3 ), polyethylene plastic (42.2 ), cast iron (12.1 and wrought and ductile iron (0.5 ). 
 Granite State s underground natural gas transmission pipeline, regulated by the FERC, is located primarily in Maine and New Hampshire. 
 The Company believes its facilities are currently adequate for their intended uses. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types, including those which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes, based upon information furnished by counsel and others, that the ultimate resolution of these claims will not have a material effect on its financial position, operating results or cash flows. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 15 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol UTL. As of December 31, 2022, there were 1,193 shareholders of record of our common stock. 
 Common Stock Data 

Dividends per Common Share 
 
 2022 

2021 

1st Quarter 

0.39 

0.38 

2nd Quarter 

0.39 

0.38 

3rd Quarter 

0.39 

0.38 

4th Quarter 

0.39 

0.38 

Total for Year 

1.56 

1.52 

See Dividends in Part II, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). 
 Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, as of December 31, 2022, is set forth in the following table. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

143,941 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

143,941 

NOTES: (also see Note 5 (Equity) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 (1) Consists of the Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Plan (the Plan). On April 19, 2012, shareholders approved the Plan, and a total of 677,500 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units and common stock under the Plan. A total of 503,745 shares of restricted stock have been awarded and 43,764 restricted stock units have been settled and issued as shares of common stock by Plan participants through December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 13,950 shares of restricted stock were forfeited and once again became available for issuance under the Plan. 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares Unitil Corporation s cumulative stockholder return since December 31, 2017 with the Peer Group index, comprised of the S P 500 Utilities Index, and the S P 500 index. The graph assumes that the value of the 
 16 
 
 investment in the Company s common stock and each index (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2017. 

NOTE: 
 (1) The graph above assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017, in each category and the reinvestment of all dividends during the five-year period. The Peer Group is comprised of the S P 500 Utilities Index. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Uses of Proceeds 
 There were no sales of unregistered equity securities by the Company for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Pursuant to the written trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), adopted and announced by the Company on May 1, 2022, the Company will periodically repurchase shares of its Common Stock on the open market related to the stock portion of the Directors annual retainer for those Directors who elected to receive common stock. There is no pool or maximum number of shares related to these purchases; however, the trading plan will terminate when 587,000 in value of shares have been purchased or, if sooner, on May 1, 2023. 
 The Company may suspend or terminate this trading plan at any time, so long as the suspension or termination is made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act, or other applicable securities laws. 
 
 17 
 
 The following table provides information regarding repurchases by the Company of shares of its common stock pursuant to the trading plan for each month in the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

10/1/22 10/31/22 

9,449 

46.770 

9,449 

145,027 

11/1/22 11/30/22 

145,027 

12/1/22 12/31/22 

145,027 

Total 

9,449 

46.770 

9,449 

Item 6. Reserved 
 18 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) (Note references are to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8.) 
 OVERVIEW 
 Unitil is a public utility holding company headquartered in Hampton, New Hampshire. Unitil is subject to regulation as a holding company system by the FERC under the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 
 Unitil s principal business is the local distribution of electricity and natural gas to approximately 195,600 customers throughout its service territory in the states of New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine. Unitil is the parent company of three wholly-owned distribution utilities: 
 i) Unitil Energy, which provides electric service in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New Hampshire; 

ii) Fitchburg, which provides both electric and natural gas service in the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts; and 

iii) Northern Utilities, which provides natural gas service in southeastern New Hampshire and portions of southern and central Maine, including the city of Portland and the Lewiston-Auburn area. 

Unitil Energy, Fitchburg and Northern Utilities are collectively referred to as the distribution utilities. Together, the distribution utilities serve approximately 108,100 electric customers and 87,500 natural gas customers in their service territories. The distribution utilities are local wires and pipes operating companies. 
 In addition, Unitil is the parent company of Granite State, a natural gas transmission pipeline, regulated by the FERC, operating 86 miles of underground gas transmission pipeline primarily located in Maine and New Hampshire. Granite State provides Northern Utilities with interconnection to three major natural gas pipelines and access to North American pipeline supplies. 
 Unitil had an investment in Net Utility Plant of 1,331.7 million at December 31, 2022. Unitil s total revenue was 563.2 million in 2022, which includes revenue to recover the approved cost of purchased electricity and natural gas in rates on a fully reconciling basis. As a result of this reconciling rate structure, the Company s earnings are not affected by changes in the cost of purchased electricity and natural gas. Earnings from Unitil s utility operations are derived from the return on investment in the three distribution utilities and Granite State. 
 The Company s other subsidiaries include Unitil Service, which provides, at cost, a variety of administrative and professional services to Unitil s affiliated companies, Unitil Resources, the Company s non-regulated subsidiary, which currently does not have any activity, and Unitil Realty, which owns and manages Unitil s corporate office building and property located in Hampton, New Hampshire. Unitil s consolidated net income includes the earnings of the holding company and these subsidiaries. 
 Regulation 
 Unitil is subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state regulatory authorities. Unitil and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation as a holding company system by the FERC under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 with regard to certain bookkeeping, accounting and reporting requirements. Unitil s utility operations related to wholesale and interstate energy business activities are also regulated by the FERC. Unitil s distribution utilities are subject to regulation by the applicable state public utility commissions, with regard to their rates, issuance of securities and other accounting and operational matters: Unitil Energy is subject to regulation by the NHPUC; Fitchburg is subject to regulation by the MDPU; and Northern Utilities is regulated by the NHPUC and MPUC. Granite State, Unitil s interstate natural gas transmission pipeline, is subject to regulation by the FERC with regard to its rates and operations. Because Unitil s primary operations are subject to rate regulation, the regulatory treatment of various matters could significantly affect the Company s operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 Unitil s distribution utilities deliver electricity and/or natural gas to all customers in their service territories, at rates established under traditional cost of service regulation. Under this regulatory structure, Unitil s distribution utilities are provided the opportunity to recover the cost of providing distribution service to their customers based on a historical test year, and earn a return on their capital investment in utility assets. In addition, the Company s distribution utilities and its natural gas transmission pipeline company also may recover certain base rate costs, including capital project spending and enhanced reliability and vegetation management programs, through annual step adjustments and cost tracker rate mechanisms. 
 19 
 
 Most of Unitil s customers have the opportunity to purchase their electricity or natural gas supplies from third-party energy suppliers. Many of Unitil s distribution utilities largest C I customers purchase their electricity or gas supply from third-party suppliers, while most small C I customers, as well as residential customers, purchase their electricity or gas supply from the distribution utilities under regulated rates and tariffs. Unitil s distribution utilities purchase electricity or natural gas from unaffiliated wholesale energy suppliers and recover the actual approved costs of these supplies on a pass-through basis, through reconciling rate mechanisms that are periodically adjusted. 
 
 Revenue decoupling is the term given to the elimination of the dependency of a utility s distribution revenue on the volume of electricity or gas sales. The difference between distribution revenue amounts billed to customers and the targeted revenue decoupling amounts is recognized as an increase or a decrease in Accrued Revenue, which forms the basis for resetting rates for future cash recoveries from, or credits to, customers. These revenue decoupling targets may be adjusted as a result of rate cases and other authorized adjustments that the Company files with the MDPU and NHPUC. Fitchburg has been subject to revenue decoupling since 2011. Unitil Energy is subject to revenue decoupling as of June 1, 2022. As a result of Unitil Energy now being subject to revenue decoupling, as of June 1, 2022, revenue decoupling now applies to substantially all of Unitil s total annual electric sales volumes. As a result of the recently received final order in Northern Utilities base rate case in New Hampshire, substantially all of Northern Utilities gas sales volumes in New Hampshire are subject to decoupling as of August 1, 2022. As of August 1, 2022, the Company estimates that revenue decoupling applies to approximately 43 of Unitil s total annual gas sales volumes. The Company's electric and gas sales in New Hampshire and Massachusetts are now largely decoupled. The following table shows the estimated percentages of electric and gas sales that are subject to revenue decoupling for the periods presented. 
 Revenue Decoupling 
 Estimated Percentage of Decoupled Sales 
 For Periods Presented 

Electric 

Before June 1, 2022 
 
 27 

After June 1, 2022 
 
 Substantially All 

Gas 

Before August 1, 2022 
 
 11 

After August 1, 2022 
 
 43 

Also see Regulatory Matters in this section and Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on rates and regulation. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 The Company s results of operations are expected to reflect the seasonal nature of the natural gas business. Annual gas revenues are substantially realized during the colder weather seasons of the year as a result of higher sales of natural gas used for heating-related purposes. Accordingly, the results of operations are historically most favorable in the first and fourth quarters. Fluctuations in seasonal weather conditions may have a significant effect on the result of operations. Sales of electricity are generally less sensitive to weather than natural gas sales, but may also be affected by weather conditions and the temperature in the winter and summer seasons. 
 On August 6, 2021, the Company issued and sold 800,000 shares of its common stock at a price of 50.80 per share in a registered public offering (Offering). The Company s net increase to Common Equity and Cash proceeds from the Offering was approximately 38.6 million. The proceeds were used to make equity capital contributions to the Company s regulated utility subsidiaries, to repay debt and for other general corporate purposes. 
 As part of the Offering, the Company granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase additional shares. The underwriters exercised the option and purchased an additional 120,000 shares of the Company s common stock on September 8, 2021. The Company s net increase to Common Equity and Cash proceeds from the exercise of the option was approximately 5.9 million. The proceeds were used to make equity capital contributions to the Company s regulated utility subsidiaries, to 
 20 
 
 repay debt and for other general corporate purposes. Overall, the results of operations and earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 reflect the higher number of average shares outstanding. 
 The Company analyzes operating results using Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Electric Adjusted Gross Margin is calculated as Total Electric Operating Revenue less Cost of Electric Sales. Gas Adjusted Gross Margin is calculated as Total Gas Operating Revenues less Cost of Gas Sales. The Company s management believes Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins provide useful information to investors regarding profitability. Also, the Company s management believes Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins are important financial measures to analyze revenue from the Company s ongoing operations because the approved cost of electric and gas sales are tracked, reconciled and passed through directly to customers in electric and gas tariff rates, resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in Total Electric and Gas Operating Revenue. 
 In the following tables the Company has reconciled Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margin to GAAP Gross Margin, which we believe to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure. GAAP Gross Margin is calculated as Revenue less Cost of Sales, and Depreciation and Amortization. The Company calculates Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margin as Revenue less Cost of Sales. The Company believes excluding Depreciation and Amortization, which are period costs and not related to volumetric sales, is a meaningful financial measure to inform investors of the Company s profitability from electric and gas sales in the period. 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 millions) 

Electric 

Gas 

Other 

Total 

Total Operating Revenue 

297.9 

265.3 

563.2 

Less: Cost of Sales 

(199.1) 

(121.4) 

(320.5) 

Less: Depreciation and Amortization 

(25.4) 

(36.3) 

(0.9) 

(62.6) 

GAAP Gross Margin 

73.4 

107.6 

(0.9) 

180.1 

Depreciation and Amortization 

25.4 

36.3 

0.9 

62.6 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

98.8 

143.9 

242.7 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 millions) 

Electric 

Gas 

Other 

Total 

Total Operating Revenue 

248.5 

224.8 

473.3 

Less: Cost of Sales 

(151.1) 

(91.7) 

(242.8) 

Less: Depreciation and Amortization 

(25.9) 

(32.6) 

(1.0) 

(59.5) 

GAAP Gross Margin 

71.5 

100.5 

(1.0) 

171.0 

Depreciation and Amortization 

25.9 

32.6 

1.0 

59.5 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

97.4 

133.1 

230.5 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 millions) 

Electric 

Gas 

Other 

Total 

Total Operating Revenue 

227.2 

191.4 

418.6 

Less: Cost of Sales 

(134.3) 

(68.8) 

(203.1) 

Less: Depreciation and Amortization 

(23.8) 

(29.8) 

(0.9) 

(54.5) 

GAAP Gross Margin 

69.1 

92.8 

(0.9) 

161.0 

Depreciation and Amortization 

23.8 

29.8 

0.9 

54.5 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

92.9 

122.6 

215.5 

Electric GAAP Gross Margin was 73.4 million in 2022, an increase of 1.9 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 1.7 million and lower depreciation and amortization expense of 0.5 million, partially offset by the unfavorable effect on sales from cooler spring weather of 0.3 million when rates were not yet decoupled. 
 
 Electric GAAP Gross Margin was 71.5 million in 2021, an increase of 2.4 million compared to 2020. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 4.5 million, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense of 2.1 million. 
 Gas GAAP Gross Margin was 107.6 million in 2022, an increase of 7.1 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates of 9.0 million and 1.8 million from customer growth and the favorable effect of colder winter weather in 2022, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization of 3.7 million. 
 21 
 
 Gas GAAP Gross Margin was 100.5 million in 2021, an increase of 7.7 million compared to 2020. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 9.4 million, and 1.1 million from the favorable effect of colder weather during the peak heating season in 2021, which the Company defines as the months of January April, and November December, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization of 2.8 million. 
 Net Income and EPS Overview 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021 The Company s Net Income was 41.4 million, or 2.59 in Earnings Per Share (EPS), for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.3 million in Net Income, or 0.24 in EPS, compared to 2021. The Company s earnings in 2022 reflect higher Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins (a non-GAAP financial measure), partially offset by higher operating expenses. 
 Electric Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 98.8 million in 2022, an increase of 1.4 million compared with 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 1.7 million , partially offset by the unfavorable effect on sales from cooler spring weather of 0.3 million when rates were not yet decoupled. 
 Electric kilowatt-hour (kWh) sales decreased 1.0 in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales to Residential customers decreased 2.0 and sales to C I customers decreased 0.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. The decreases in electric kWh sales reflect lower average usage, partially offset by customer growth. As of December 31, 2022, the number of electric customers served increased by approximately 400 over the previous year. 
 Gas Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 143.9 million in 2022, an increase of 10.8 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates of 9.0 million, and 1.8 million from customer growth and the favorable effect of colder winter weather in 2022. 
 Gas therm sales increased 1.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales to Residential customers increased 0.5 and sales to C I customers increased 1.5 in 2022 compared to 2021. The overall increase in gas therm sales reflects customer growth and colder winter weather in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the number of gas customers served increased by approximately 850 over the previous year. Based on weather data collected in the Company s gas service areas, on average there were 2.6 more Effective Degree Days (EDD) in 2022 compared to 2021, although 5.1 fewer EDD compared to normal. The Company estimates that weather-normalized gas therm sales, excluding decoupled sales, were essentially unchanged in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Operation and Maintenance (O M) expenses increased 5.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting higher labor costs of 1.9 million, higher utility operating costs of 1.6 million, and higher professional fees of 1.5 million. 
 Depreciation and Amortization expense increased 3.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting additional depreciation associated with higher levels of utility plant in service and higher amortization of rate case costs. 
 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes increased 1.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting higher payroll taxes and higher local property taxes on higher utility plant in service. 
 Interest Expense, Net decreased 0.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflecting lower interest on long-term debt and higher interest income, on regulatory assets, partially offset by higher interest on short-term borrowings. 
 Other Expense (Income), Net decreased 2.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting lower retirement benefit costs. 
 Federal and State Income Taxes decreased 0.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting lower taxes associated with the flowback of excess Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes. 
 In 2022, Unitil s annual common dividend was 1.56 per share, representing an unbroken record of quarterly dividend payments since trading began in Unitil s common stock. At its January 2023 meeting, the Unitil Corporation Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend on the Company s common stock of 0.405 per share, an increase of 0.015 per share on a quarterly basis, resulting in an increase in the effective annualized dividend rate to 1.62 per share from 1.56 per share. 
 22 
 
 2021 Compared to 2020 The Company s Net Income was 36.1 million, or 2.35 in Earnings Per Share (EPS), for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.9 million in Net Income, or 0.20 in EPS, compared to 2020. The Company s earnings in 2021 reflect higher Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins (a non-GAAP financial measure), partially offset by higher operating expenses. Also, EPS in 2021 reflects the sale of 920,000 common shares in the third quarter of 2021. 
 Electric Sales, Revenues and Adjusted Gross Margin 
 
 Kilowatt-hour Sales Unitil s total electric kWh sales decreased 1.0 in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales to Residential customers decreased 2.0 and sales to C I customers decreased 0.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. The decreases in electric kWh sales reflect lower average usage, partially offset by customer growth. As of December 31, 2022, the number of electric customers served increased by approximately 400 over the previous year. Sales margins derived from decoupled unit sales are not sensitive to changes in electric kWh sales, although those sales margins are sensitive to changes in the number of customers served. As of June 1, 2022, substantially all of the Company's electric kWh sales volumes are decoupled. Prior to June 1, 2022, approximately 27 of the Company's total annual electric kWh sales volumes were decoupled. 
 Unitil s total electric kWh sales increased 2.2 in 2021 compared to 2020. Sales to Residential customers increased 0.5 and sales to C I customers increased 3.5 in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in sales to Residential customers principally reflects positive customer growth. The increase in sales to C I customers reflects customer growth and increased usage due to improving economic conditions. As of December 31, 2021, the number of electric customers served increased by approximately 600 over the previous year. Sales margins derived from decoupled unit sales (representing approximately 27 of total annual sales volume in 2020 and 2021) are not sensitive to changes in kWh sales, although those sales margins are sensitive to changes in the number of customers served. 
 The following table details total kWh sales for the last three years by major customer class: 

Change 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

kWh Sales (millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

kWh 

kWh 

Residential 

680.5 

694.2 

690.6 

(13.7) 

(2.0) 

3.6 

0.5 

Commercial Industrial 

933.9 

936.8 

905.3 

(2.9) 

(0.3) 

31.5 

3.5 

Total kWh Sales 

1,614.4 

1,631.0 

1,595.9 

(16.6) 

(1.0) 

35.1 

2.2 

Electric Operating Revenues and Electric Adjusted Gross Margin The following table details Total Electric Operating Revenue and Electric Adjusted Gross Margin for the last three years by major customer class: 

Change 

Electric Operating Revenues and Electric Adjusted Gross Margin 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Electric Operating Revenue: 

Residential 

174.8 

140.8 

134.7 

34.0 

24.1 

6.1 

4.5 

Commercial Industrial 

123.1 

107.7 

92.5 

15.4 

14.3 

15.2 

16.4 

Total Electric Operating Revenue 

297.9 

248.5 

227.2 

49.4 

19.9 

21.3 

9.4 

Cost of Electric Sales 

199.1 

151.1 

134.3 

48.0 

31.8 

16.8 

12.5 

Electric Adjusted Gross Margin 

98.8 

97.4 

92.9 

1.4 

1.4 

4.5 

4.8 

Electric Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 98.8 million in 2022, an increase of 1.4 million compared with 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 1.7 million, partially offset by the unfavorable effect on sales from cooler spring weather of 0.3 million when rates were not yet decoupled. 
 The increase in Total Electric Operating Revenue of 49.4 million, or 19.9 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflects higher cost of electric sales, which are tracked and reconciled costs as a pass-through to customers. 
 Electric Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 97.4 million in 2021, an increase of 4.5 million compared with 2020. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 4.5 million. 
 The increase in Total Electric Operating Revenue of 21.3 million, or 9.4 , in 2021 compared to 2020 reflects higher cost of electric sales, which are tracked and reconciled costs as a pass-through to customers, and higher sales of electricity. 
 23 
 
 Gas Sales, Revenues and Adjusted Gross Margin 
 
 Therm Sales Unitil s total gas therm sales increased 1.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales to Residential customers increased 0.5 and sales to C I customers increased 1.5 in 2022 compared to 2021. The overall increase in gas therm sales reflects customer growth and colder winter weather in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the number of gas customers served increased by approximately 850 over the previous year. Based on weather data collected in the Company s gas service areas, on average there were 2.6 more EDD in 2022 compared to 2021, although 5.1 fewer EDD compared to normal. The Company estimates that weather-normalized gas therm sales, excluding decoupled sales, were essentially unchanged in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales margins derived from decoupled unit sales (currently representing approximately 43 of total annual therm sales volume) are not sensitive to changes in gas therm sales, although those sales margins are sensitive to changes in the number of customers served. 
 
 Unitil s total therm sales of natural increased 3.3 in 2021 compared to 2020. Sales to Residential customers decreased 0.7 and sales to C I customers increased 4.4 in 2021 compared to 2020. The overall increase in gas therm sales reflects customer growth and colder weather in the peak heating season. As of December 31, 2021, the number of gas customers served increased by approximately 1,000 over the previous year. Based on weather data collected in the Company s gas service areas, on average there were 0.4 fewer EDD in 2021 compared to 2020 and 8.2 fewer EDD compared to normal. However, there were 3.4 more EDD in the peak heating season in 2021 compared to the same period in 2020. The Company estimates that weather-normalized gas therm sales, excluding decoupled sales, were 2.8 higher in 2021 compared to 2020. Sales margin derived from decoupled unit sales (representing approximately 11 of total annual therm sales volume in 2020 and 2021) is not sensitive to changes in gas therm sales, although those sales margins are sensitive to changes in the number of customers served. 
 The following table details total therm sales for the last three years, by major customer class: 

Change 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Therm Sales (millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Therms 

Therms 

Residential 

44.6 

44.4 

44.7 

0.2 

0.5 

(0.3) 

(0.7) 

Commercial Industrial 

180.2 

177.5 

170.1 

2.7 

1.5 

7.4 

4.4 

Total Therm Sales 

224.8 

221.9 

214.8 

2.9 

1.3 

7.1 

3.3 

Gas Operating Revenues and Adjusted Gross Margin The following table details total Gas Operating Revenue and Gas Adjusted Gross Margin for the last three years by major customer class: 

Change 

Gas Operating Revenues and Gas Adjusted Gross Margin 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Gas Operating Revenue: 

Residential 

103.4 

90.6 

78.0 

12.8 

14.1 

12.6 

16.2 

Commercial Industrial 

161.9 

134.2 

113.4 

27.7 

20.6 

20.8 

18.3 

Total Gas Operating Revenue 

265.3 

224.8 

191.4 

40.5 

18.0 

33.4 

17.5 

Cost of Gas Sales 

121.4 

91.7 

68.8 

29.7 

32.4 

22.9 

33.3 

Gas Adjusted Gross Margin 

143.9 

133.1 

122.6 

10.8 

8.1 

10.5 

8.6 

Gas Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 143.9 million in 2022, an increase of 10.8 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates of 9.0 million, and 1.8 million from customer growth and the favorable effect of colder winter weather in 2022. 
 The increase in Total Gas Operating Revenues of 40.5 million, or 18.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 reflects higher cost of gas sales, which are tracked and reconciled costs as a pass-through to customers, and higher gas sales volumes. 
 Gas Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure) was 133.1 million in 2021, an increase of 10.5 million compared to 2020. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 9.4 million, and 1.1 million from the favorable effect of colder weather during the peak heating season in 2021. 
 The increase in Total Gas Operating Revenues of 33.4 million, or 17.5 , in 2021 compared to 2020 reflects higher cost of gas sales, which are tracked and reconciled costs as a pass-through to customers, and higher gas sales volumes. 
 24 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Cost of Electric Sales Cost of Electric Sales includes the cost of electric supply as well as other energy supply related restructuring costs, including power supply buyout costs, and spending on energy efficiency programs. Cost of Electric Sales increased 48.0 million, or 31.8 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase reflects higher wholesale electricity prices, partially offset by lower electric sales and an increase in the amount of electricity purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers. The Company reconciles and recovers the approved Cost of Electric Sales in its rates at cost on a pass through basis and therefore changes in approved expenses do not affect earnings. 
 In 2021, Cost of Electric Sales increased 16.8 million, or 12.5 , compared to 2020. This increase reflects higher sales of electricity and higher wholesale electricity prices, partially offset by an increase in the amount of electricity purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers. 
 Cost of Gas Sales Cost of Gas Sales includes the cost of natural gas purchased to supply the Company s total gas supply requirements and spending on energy efficiency programs. Cost of Gas Sales increased 29.7 million, or 32.4 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase reflects higher gas sales and higher wholesale gas commodity prices, partially offset by an increase in the amount of gas purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers. The Company reconciles and recovers the approved Cost of Gas Sales in its rates at cost on a pass through basis and therefore changes in approved expenses do not affect earnings. 
 In 2021, Cost of Gas increased 22.9 million, or 33.3 , compared to 2020. This increase reflects higher gas sales and higher wholesale gas commodity prices, partially offset by an increase in the amount of gas purchased by customers directly from third-party suppliers. 
 Operation and Maintenance O M expense includes electric and gas utility operating costs, and the operating costs of the Company s other subsidiaries. Total O M expenses increased 5.0 million, or 7.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting higher labor costs of 1.9 million, higher utility operating costs of 1.6 million, and higher professional fees of 1.5 million. 
 In 2021, total O M expenses increased 3.0 million, or 4.6 compared to 2020, reflecting higher labor costs of 1.6 million and higher utility operating costs of 1.4 million. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and Amortization expense increased 3.1 million, or 5.2 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting additional depreciation associated with higher levels of utility plant in service and higher amortization of rate case costs. 
 In 2021, Depreciation and Amortization expense increased 5.0 million, or 9.2 , compared to 2020, reflecting additional depreciation associated with higher levels of utility plant in service and higher amortization. 
 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes Taxes Other Than Income Taxes increased 1.4 million, or 5.7 , in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting higher payroll taxes and higher local property taxes on higher utility plant in service. 
 In 2021, Taxes Other Than Income Taxes increased 0.6 million, or 2.5 , compared to 2020, reflecting higher payroll taxes and higher local property taxes on higher utility plant in service. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements net of interest income. Interest expense is mainly comprised of interest on long-term debt and short-term borrowings (See Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements). Certain reconciling rate mechanisms used by the Company s distribution utilities give rise to regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities on which interest is calculated. 
 Interest Expense, Net decreased 0.1 million, or 0.4 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflecting lower interest on long-term debt and higher interest income, on regulatory assets, partially offset by higher interest on short-term borrowings. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net increased 1.8 million, or 7.6 , in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflecting higher interest on long-term debt and lower interest income, partially offset by lower rates on lower levels of short-term debt. 
 25 

Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 Other Expense (Income), Net decreased 2.2 million, or 47.8 in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting lower retirement benefit costs. 
 Other Expense (Income), Net decreased 0.6 million, or 11.5 in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting lower retirement benefit and other costs. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Federal and State Income Taxes decreased 0.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting lower taxes associated with the flowback of excess Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes. 
 Federal and State Income Taxes increased 1.3 million in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting higher pre-tax earnings in the current period. 
 LIQUIDITY, COMMITMENTS AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Sources of Capital 
 
 Unitil requires capital to fund utility plant additions, working capital and other utility expenditures recovered in subsequent periods through regulated rates. The capital necessary to meet these requirements is derived primarily from internally generated funds, which consist of cash flows from operating activities. The Company initially supplements internally generated funds through short-term bank borrowings, as needed, under its unsecured revolving Credit Facility. Periodically, the Company replaces portions of its short-term debt with long-term financings more closely matched to the long-term nature of its utility assets. Additionally, from time to time the Company has accessed the public capital markets through public offerings of equity securities. The Company s utility operations are seasonal in nature and are therefore subject to seasonal fluctuations in cash flows. The amount, type and timing of any future financing will vary from year to year based on capital needs and maturity or redemptions of securities. 
 
 On August 6, 2021, the Company issued and sold 800,000 shares of its common stock at a price of 50.80 per share in a registered public offering (Offering). The Company s net increase to Common Equity and Cash proceeds from the Offering was approximately 38.6 million and was used to make equity capital contributions to the Company s regulated utility subsidiaries, to repay debt and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 As part of the Offering, the Company granted the underwriters a 30-day over-allotment option to purchase additional shares. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 120,000 shares of the Company s common stock on September 8, 2021. The Company s net increase to Common Equity and Cash proceeds from the over-allotment sales was approximately 5.9 million and was used to make equity capital contributions to the Company s regulated utility subsidiaries, to repay debt and for other general corporate purposes. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are individually and collectively members of the Unitil Cash Pool (Cash Pool). The Cash Pool is the financing vehicle for day-to-day cash borrowing and investing. The Cash Pool allows for an efficient exchange of cash among the Company and its subsidiaries. The interest rates charged to the subsidiaries for borrowing from the Cash Pool are based on actual interest costs from lenders under the Company s revolving Credit Facility. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company and all of its subsidiaries were in compliance with the regulatory requirements governing participation in the Cash Pool. 
 
 On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders (collectively, the Credit Facility ), which amended and restated in its entirety the prior credit facility. Unitil may borrow under the Credit Facility until September 29, 2027, subject to two one-year extensions under certain circumstances. The Credit Facility terminates and all amounts outstanding thereunder are due and payable on September 29, 2027, subject to the potential extension discussed in the prior sentence. 
 
 The Credit Facility has a borrowing limit of 200 million, which includes a 25 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. Unitil may increase the borrowing limit under the Credit Facility by up to 75 million under certain 
 26 
 
 circumstances. The Credit Facility generally provides Unitil with the ability to elect that borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest under several options, including a daily fluctuating rate equal to (a) the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate (as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) term rate with a term equivalent to one month beginning on that date, plus (b) 0.1000 , plus (c) a margin of 1.125 to 1.375 (based on Unitil s credit rating). 
 
 The Company utilizes the Credit Facility for cash management purposes related to its short-term operating activities. Total gross borrowings were 295.9 million and 239.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Total gross repayments were 244.0 million and 229.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The following table details the borrowing limits, amounts outstanding and amounts available under the revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

December 31, 

Revolving Credit Facility (millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Limit 

200.0 

120.0 

Short-Term Borrowings Outstanding 

116.0 

64.1 

Available 

84.0 

55.9 

The Credit Facility contains customary terms and conditions for credit facilities of this type, including affirmative and negative covenants. There are restrictions on, among other things, Unitil s and its subsidiaries ability to permit liens or incur indebtedness, and restrictions on Unitil s ability to merge or consolidate with another entity or change its line of business. The affirmative and negative covenants under the Credit Facility shall apply to Unitil until the Credit Facility terminates and all amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility are paid in full (or with respect to letters of credit, they are cash collateralized). 
 
 The only financial covenant in the Credit Facility provides that Unitil s Funded Debt to Capitalization (as each term is defined in the Credit Facility) cannot exceed 65 , tested on a quarterly basis. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Facility in effect on that date. (See also Credit Arrangements in Note 4 Debt and Financing Arrangements.) 
 
 Issuance of Long-Term Debt- On December 18, 2020, Unitil Realty Corp. entered into a loan agreement in the amount of 4.7 million at 2.64 , with a maturity date of December 18, 2030. Less than 0.1 million of costs associated with this loan have been recorded as a reduction to the proceeds. Unitil Realty Corp. used the net proceeds from this loan for general corporate purposes. 
 
 On September 15, 2020, Northern Utilities issued 40 million of Notes due 2040 at 3.78 . Fitchburg issued 27.5 million of Notes due 2040 at 3.78 . Unitil Energy issued 27.5 million of Bonds due 2040 at 3.58 . Northern Utilities, Fitchburg and Unitil Energy used the net proceeds from these offerings to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes. Approximately 0.5 million of costs associated with these issuances have been recorded as a reduction to Long-Term Debt for presentation purposes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Unitil Corporation and its utility subsidiaries, Fitchburg, Unitil Energy, Northern Utilities, and Granite State are currently rated BBB+ by Standard Poor s Ratings Services. Unitil Corporation and Granite State are currently rated Baa2 , and Fitchburg, Unitil Energy and Northern Utilities are currently rated Baa1 by Moody s Investors Services. 
 
 The continued availability of various methods of financing, as well as the choice of a specific form of security for such financing, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: security market conditions; general economic climate; regulatory approvals; the ability to meet covenant issuance restrictions; the level of earnings, cash flows and financial position; and the competitive pricing offered by financing sources. The Company believes it has sufficient sources of working capital to fund its operations. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries have material obligations for payment of principal and interest on its long-term debt as well as for operating and capital leases that are discussed in Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements). 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries have material energy supply commitments that are discussed in Note 6 (Energy Supply) and Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. Cash outlays 
 27 
 
 for the purchase of electricity and natural gas to serve customers are subject to reconciling recovery through periodic changes in rates, with carrying charges on deferred balances. From year to year, there are likely to be timing differences associated with the cash recovery of such costs, creating under- or over-recovery situations at any point in time. Rate recovery mechanisms are typically designed to collect the under-recovered cash or refund the over-collected cash over subsequent periods of less than one year. 
 
 The Company provides limited guarantees on certain energy and natural gas storage management contracts entered into by the distribution utilities. The Company s policy is to limit the duration of these guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.2 million of guarantees outstanding with a duration of less than one year. 
 Northern Utilities enters into asset management agreements under which Northern Utilities releases certain natural gas pipeline and storage assets, resells the natural gas storage inventory to an asset manager and subsequently repurchases the inventory over the course of the natural gas heating season at the same price at which it sold the natural gas inventory to the asset manager. There was 20.1 million and 8.3 million of natural gas storage inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these asset management agreements. The amount of natural gas inventory released in December 2022, which was payable in January 2023, was 3.8 million and was recorded in Accounts Payable at December 31, 2022. The amount of natural gas inventory released in December 2021, which was payable in January 2022, was 1.6 million and was recorded in Accounts Payable at December 31, 2021. 
 Benefit Plan Funding 
 
 The Company, along with its subsidiaries, made cash contributions to its Pension Plan in the amounts of 3.8 million and 4.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, contributed 12.2 million and 8.9 million to Voluntary Employee Benefit Trusts (VEBTs) in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, expects to continue to make contributions to its Pension Plan and the VEBTs in 2023 and future years at least at minimum required amounts. The Company may also make additional discretionary contributions. See Note 9 (Retirement Benefit Plans) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries do not currently use, and are not dependent on the use of, off-balance sheet financing arrangements such as securitization of receivables or obtaining access to assets or cash through special purpose entities or variable interest entities. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.2 million of guarantees on certain energy and natural gas storage management contracts entered into by the distribution utilities outstanding. See Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Unitil s utility operations, taken as a whole, are seasonal in nature and subject to seasonal fluctuations in cash flows. The tables below summarize the major sources and uses of cash (in millions) for 2022 and 2021. 

2022 

2021 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

97.7 

107.8 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities - Cash Provided by Operating Activities was 97.7 million in 2022, a decrease of 10.1 million compared to 2021. 
 
 Cash flow from Net Income, adjusted for the total of non-cash charges was 115.0 million in 2022 compared to 106.4 million in 2021, an increase of 8.6 million. The change to Net Income is primarily attributable to increases in electric and gas sales margin and customer growth. The increase in depreciation and amortization of 3.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021 reflects higher depreciation on higher utility plant in service. The increase in the deferred tax provision of 0.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily driven by higher tax depreciation. 
 
 Changes in working capital items resulted in a 6.0) million use of cash in 2022 compared to a 6.2 million source of cash in 2021, representing a decrease of 12.2 million. The change in working capital in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily 
 28 
 
 related to the change in accounts payable and exchange gas receivable and is reflective of the effect of the current macroeconomic environment including higher commodity costs on business and operating conditions. 
 
 Deferred Regulatory and Other Charges decreased by 3.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by changes in Regulatory Assets and Liabilities, and the change in Other, net in 2022 compared to 2021 was 2.7) million. 

2022 

2021 

Cash Used in Investing Activities 

(122.1) 

(115.0) 

Cash Used in Investing Activities - Cash Used in Investing Activities was 122.1) million in 2022 compared to 115.0) million in 2021, an increase of 7.1 million. The higher spending in 2022 is primarily related to normal utility capital expenditures for electric and gas utility system additions. The Company s projected capital spending range for 2023 is 135 million to 145 million. 

2022 

2021 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

26.9 

7.7 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities - Cash Provided by Financing Activities was 26.9 million in 2022 compared to cash provided of 7.7 million in 2021. The higher cash provided from financing activities in 2022 compared to 2021 of 19.2 million is primarily attributable to higher proceeds from short-term debt of 42.5 million, lower repayment of long-term debt of 15.4 million, an increase in exchange gas financing of 7.3 million and lower proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 44.5) million. Other changes in financing activities in 2022 total a use of 1.5) million. 
 FINANCIAL COVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS 
 
 The agreements under which the Company and its subsidiaries issue long-term debt contain various covenants and restrictions. These agreements do not contain any covenants or restrictions pertaining to the maintenance of financial ratios or the issuance of short-term debt. These agreements do contain covenants relating to, among other things, the issuance of additional long-term debt, cross-default provisions, business combinations and covenants restricting the ability to (i) pay dividends, (ii) incur indebtedness and liens, (iii) merge or consolidate with another entity or (iv) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all assets. See Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Unitil s Credit Facility contains customary terms and conditions for credit facilities of this type, including affirmative and negative covenants. There are restrictions on, among other things, Unitil s and its subsidiaries ability to permit liens or incur indebtedness, and restrictions on Unitil s ability to merge or consolidate with another entity or change its line of business. The affirmative and negative covenants under the Credit Facility apply to Unitil until the Credit Facility terminates and all amounts borrowed under the Credit Facility are paid in full (or with respect to letters of credit, they are cash collateralized). The only financial covenant in the Credit Facility provides that Unitil s Funded Debt to Capitalization (as each term is defined in the Credit Facility) cannot exceed 65 , tested on a quarterly basis. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Facility in effect on that date. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are currently in compliance with all such covenants in these debt instruments. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 
 Unitil s annual common dividend was 1.56 per common share in 2022, 1.52 per common share in 2021, and 1.50 per share in 2020. Unitil s dividend policy is reviewed periodically by the Board of Directors. Unitil has maintained an unbroken record of quarterly dividend payments since trading began in Unitil s common stock. At its January 2023 meeting, the Unitil Corporation Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend on the Company s common stock of 0.405 per share, an increase of .015 per share on a quarterly basis, resulting in an increase in the effective annualized dividend rate to 1.62 from 1.56. The amount and timing of all dividend payments are subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon business conditions, results of operations, financial conditions and other factors. In addition, the ability of the Company s 
 29 
 
 subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions to Unitil, and, therefore, Unitil s ability to pay dividends, depends on, among other things: 
 the actual and projected earnings and cash flow, capital requirements and general financial condition of the Company s subsidiaries; 

the prior rights of holders of existing and future preferred stock, mortgage bonds, long-term notes and other debt issued by the Company s subsidiaries; 

the restrictions on the payment of dividends contained in the existing loan agreements of the Company s subsidiaries and that may be contained in future debt agreements of the Company s subsidiaries, if any; and 

limitations that may be imposed by New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine state regulatory agencies. 

In addition, before the Company can pay dividends on its common stock, it must satisfy its debt obligations and comply with any statutory or contractual limitations. See Financial Covenants and Restrictions in this report, as well as Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types, including those which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes, based upon information furnished by counsel and others, that the ultimate resolution of these claims will not have a material effect on its financial position, operating results or cash flows. Refer to Legal Proceedings in Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies) of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of legal proceedings. 
 REGULATORY MATTERS 
 See Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. In making those estimates and assumptions, the Company is sometimes required to make subjective and/or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and for which different estimates that could reasonably have been used could have resulted in material differences in its financial statements. If actual results were to differ significantly from those estimates, assumptions and judgment, the financial position of the Company could be materially affected and the results of operations of the Company could be materially different than reported. The following is a summary of the Company s most critical accounting policies, which are defined as those policies where judgments or uncertainties could materially affect the application of those policies. For a complete discussion of the Company s significant accounting policies, refer to the financial statements and Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 Regulatory Accounting The Company s principal business is the distribution of electricity and natural gas by the three distribution utilities: Unitil Energy, Fitchburg and Northern Utilities. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg are subject to regulation by the FERC. Fitchburg is also regulated by the MDPU, Unitil Energy is regulated by the NHPUC, and Northern Utilities is regulated by the MPUC and NHPUC. Granite State, the Company s natural gas transmission pipeline, is regulated by the FERC. Accordingly, the Company uses the Regulated Operations guidance as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (FASB Codification). In accordance with the FASB Codification, the Company has recorded Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities which will be recovered from customers, or applied for customer benefit, in accordance with rate provisions approved by the applicable public utility regulatory commission. 
 The FASB Codification specifies the economic effects that result from the cause and effect relationship of costs and revenues in the rate-regulated environment and the related accounting for a regulated enterprise. Revenues intended to cover certain costs may be recorded either before or after the costs are incurred. If regulation provides assurance that incurred costs will be recovered in the future, these costs would be recorded as deferred charges or regulatory assets. If revenues are 
 30 
 
 recorded for costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, these revenues would be recorded as deferred credits or regulatory liabilities. 
 The Company s principal regulatory assets and liabilities are included on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet and a summary of the Company s Regulatory Assets is provided in Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the consolidated financial statements. Generally, the Company receives a return on investment on its regulated assets for which a cash outflow has been made. Regulatory commissions can reach different conclusions about the recovery of costs, which can have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company believes it is probable that its regulated distribution and transmission utilities will recover their investments in long-lived assets, including regulatory assets. If the Company, or a portion of its assets or operations, were to cease meeting the criteria for application of these accounting rules, accounting standards for businesses in general would become applicable and immediate recognition of any previously deferred costs, or a portion of deferred costs, would be required in the year in which the criteria are no longer met, if such deferred costs were not recoverable in the portion of the business that continues to meet the criteria for application of the FASB Codification topic on Regulated Operations. If unable to continue to apply the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations, the Company would be required to apply the provisions for the Discontinuation of Rate-Regulated Accounting included in the FASB Codification. In the Company s opinion, its regulated operations will be subject to the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations for the foreseeable future. 
 Retirement Benefit Obligations The Company sponsors the Unitil Corporation Retirement Plan (Pension Plan), which is a defined benefit pension plan. Effective January 1, 2010, the Pension Plan was closed to new non-union employees. For union employees, the Pension Plan was closed on various dates between December 31, 2010 and June 1, 2013, depending on the various Collective Bargaining Agreements of each union. The Company also sponsors a non-qualified retirement plan, the Unitil Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), covering certain executives of the Company, and an employee 401(k) savings plan. Additionally, the Company sponsors the Unitil Employee Health and Welfare Benefits Plan (PBOP Plan), primarily to provide health care and life insurance benefits to retired employees. 
 The FASB Codification requires companies to record on their balance sheets as an asset or liability the overfunded or underfunded status of their retirement benefit obligations (RBO) based on the projected benefit obligation. The Company has recognized a corresponding Regulatory Asset, to recognize the future collection of these obligations in electric and gas rates. The Company s RBO and reported costs of providing retirement benefits are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. The Company has made critical estimates related to actuarial assumptions, including assumptions of expected returns on plan assets, future compensation, health care cost trends, and appropriate discount rates. The Company s RBO is affected by actual employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans, earnings on plan assets, and health care cost trends. Changes made to the provisions of these plans may also affect current and future costs. If these assumptions were changed, the resulting change in benefit obligations, fair values of plan assets, funded status and net periodic benefit costs could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. The discount rate assumptions used in determining retirement plan costs and retirement plan obligations are based on an assessment of current market conditions using high quality corporate bond interest rate indices and pension yield curves. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a change in the discount rate of 0.25 would have resulted in an increase or decrease of approximately 672,000 in the Net Periodic Benefit Cost for the Pension Plan. Similarly, a change of 0.50 in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would have resulted in an increase or decrease of approximately 726,000 in the Net Periodic Benefit Cost for the Pension Plan. (See Note 9 (Retirement Benefit Plans) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.) 
 Income Taxes The Company is subject to Federal and State income taxes as well as various other business taxes. This process involves estimating the Company s current tax liabilities as well as assessing temporary and permanent differences resulting from the timing of the deductions of expenses and recognition of taxable income for tax and book accounting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company accounts for income tax assets, liabilities and expenses in accordance with the FASB Codification guidance on Income Taxes. The Company classifies penalties and interest expense related to income tax liabilities as income tax expense and interest expense, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 Provisions for income taxes are calculated in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates for each period for which a statement of earnings is presented. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the FASB Codification guidance on Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach for the financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the current and deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect its best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. The Company 
 31 
 
 assesses the realization of its deferred tax assets and liabilities and adjusts the income tax provision, the current tax liability and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts and circumstances that gave rise to the revision become known. 
 Commitments and Contingencies The Company s accounting policy is to record and/or disclose commitments and contingencies in accordance with the FASB Codification as it applies to an existing condition, situation, or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not aware of any material commitments or contingencies other than those disclosed in the Significant Contractual Obligations table in the Contractual Obligations section and the Commitments and Contingencies footnote to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Refer to Recently Issued Pronouncements in Note 1 of the Notes of Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding recently issued accounting standards. 
 For additional information regarding the foregoing matters, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies), Note 6 (Energy Supply), Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies), Note 8 (Income Taxes), and Note 9 (Retirement Benefit Plans) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 32 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Please also refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 Unitil meets its external financing needs, in part, by issuing short-term and long-term debt. The majority of debt outstanding represents long-term notes bearing fixed rates of interest. Changes in market interest rates do not affect interest expense resulting from these outstanding long-term debt securities. However, the Company periodically repays its short-term debt borrowings through the issuance of new long-term debt securities. Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest rate and corresponding interest expense on any new issuances of long-term debt securities. In addition, short-term debt borrowings bear a variable rate of interest. As a result, changes in short-term interest rates will increase or decrease interest expense in future periods. For example, if the average amount of short-term debt outstanding was 25 million for the period of one year, a change in interest rates of 1 would result in a change in annual interest expense of approximately 250,000. The average interest rate on short-term borrowings and intercompany money pool transactions was 3.3 , 1.2 , and 1.7 during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 COMMODITY PRICE RISK 
 Although Unitil s three distribution utilities are subject to commodity price risk as part of their traditional operations, the current regulatory framework within which these companies operate allows for full collection of electric power and natural gas supply costs in rates on a pass-through basis. Consequently, there is limited commodity price risk after consideration of the related rate-making. Additionally, as discussed in the section entitled Rates and Regulation in Part I, Item 1 (Business) and in Note 7 (Commitments and Contingencies) to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has divested its long-term power supply contracts and therefore, further reduced its exposure to commodity risk. 
 
 33 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Unitil Corporation: 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unitil Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, changes in common stock equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 34 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impact of Rate-Regulation on Various Account Balances and Disclosures Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company s principal business is the distribution of electricity and natural gas and is subject to regulation by the Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine Public Service Commissions as well as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (collectively, the Commissions ). Accordingly, the Company accounts for their regulated operations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 980, Regulated Operations , and has recorded Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities which will be recovered from customers, or applied for customer benefit, in accordance with rate provisions approved by the applicable Commission. The Company believes it is probable that its regulated distribution and transmission utilities will recover their investments in long-lived assets, including regulatory assets. If the Company, or a portion of its assets or operations, were to cease meeting the criteria for application of these accounting rules, immediate recognition of any previously deferred costs, or a portion of deferred costs, would be required in the year in which the criteria are no longer met. In the Company s opinion, its regulated operations will be subject to the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Accounting for the economics of rate regulation affects multiple financial statement line items, including property, plant, and equipment; regulatory assets and liabilities; operating revenues; and depreciation expense, and affects multiple disclosures in the Company s financial statements. While the Company has indicated that it expects to recover costs and a return on its investments, there is a risk that the Commissions will not approve full recovery of the costs of providing utility service or recovery of all amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment. As a result, we identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of current and future regulatory orders on events that have occurred as of December 31, 2022, and the judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures. Management judgments included assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs or (2) refunds to customers or future reduction in rates. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the commissions, auditing these judgments require specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the Commissions focused on the base rate proceedings for Northern New Hampshire and Unitil Energy Systems and included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the relevant regulatory account balances and disclosures, including management s controls over the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. 

We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 

We made inquiries of management and read relevant regulatory orders and settlements issued by the Commissions in Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings 

35 
 
 made by interveners or the Company, and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the Commissions treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We evaluated this external information and compared to management s recorded regulatory asset and liability balances and searched for any evidence that might contradict management s assertions. 

We obtained an analysis from management describing the orders and filings that support management s assertions regarding the probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates. 

/s/ 
 
 February 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 36 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (Millions, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Revenues: 

Electric 

Gas 

Total Operating Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Cost of Electric Sales 

Cost of Gas Sales 

Operation and Maintenance 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Income 

Interest Expense, Net 

Other Expense (Income), Net 

Income Before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Net Income Applicable to Common Shares 

Earnings per Common Share Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding (Basic and Diluted) 

(The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.) 
 
 37 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Millions) 
 ASSETS 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable, Net 

Accrued Revenue 

Exchange Gas Receivable 

Gas Inventory 

Materials and Supplies 

Prepayments and Other 

Total Current Assets 

Utility Plant: 

Electric 

Gas 

Common 

Construction Work in Progress 

Utility Plant 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Utility Plant 

Other Noncurrent Assets: 

Regulatory Assets 

Operating Lease Right of Use Assets 

Other Assets 

Total Other Noncurrent Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

(The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.) 
 
 38 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (cont.) (Millions, except number of shares) 
 LIABILITIES AND CAPITALIZATION 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

Short-Term Debt 

Long-Term Debt, Current Portion 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Energy Supply Obligations 

Environmental Obligations 

Other Current Liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities: 

Retirement Benefit Obligations 

Deferred Income Taxes, Net 

Cost of Removal Obligations 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Environmental Obligations 

Other Noncurrent Liabilities 

Total Noncurrent Liabilities 

Capitalization: 

Long-Term Debt, Less Current Portion 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common Equity (Outstanding and Shares) 

Retained Earnings 

Total Common Stock Equity 

Preferred Stock 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Capitalization 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND CAPITALIZATION 

(The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.) 
 
 39 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Cash Provided by Operating Activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Deferred Tax Provision 

Changes in Working Capital Items: 

Accounts Receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued Revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Regulatory Liabilities 

() 

Exchange Gas Receivable 

() 

() 

Accounts Payable 

() 

Other Changes in Working Capital Items 

() 

Deferred Regulatory and Other Charges 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Investing Activities: 

Property, Plant and Equipment Additions 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Used In Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from (Repayment of) Short-Term Debt, net 

() 

Issuance of Long-Term Debt 

Repayment of Long-Term Debt 

() 

() 

() 

Long-Term Debt Issuance Costs 

() 

Decrease in Capital Lease Obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Exchange Gas Financing 

() 

Dividends Paid 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 

Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

Supplemental Information: 

Interest Paid 

Income Taxes Paid 

Payments on Capital Leases 

Capital Expenditures Included in Accounts Payable 

Right-of-Use Assets Obtained in Exchange for Lease Obligations 

(The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.) 
 
 40 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
 CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK EQUITY (Millions, except shares data) 

Common Equity 

Retained Earnings 

Total 

Balance at January 1, 2020 

Net Income for 2020 

Dividends per Common Share) 

() 

() 

Shares Issued Under Stock Plans 

Issuance of Commons Shares (See Note 5) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net Income for 2021 

Dividends per Common Share) 

() 

() 

Shares Issued Under Stock Plans 

Issuance of Commons Shares (See Note 5) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net Income for 2022 

Dividends per Common Share) 

() 

() 

Shares Issued Under Stock Plans 

Issuance of Commons Shares (See Note 5) 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

(The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.) 
 
 41 
 
 distribution utility subsidiaries, Unitil Energy, which operates in New Hampshire; Fitchburg, which operates in Massachusetts; and Northern Utilities, which operates in New Hampshire and Maine (collectively, the distribution utilities). Granite State is an interstate natural gas transmission pipeline company, operating miles of underground gas transmission pipeline primarily located in Maine and New Hampshire. Granite State provides Northern Utilities with interconnection to major natural gas pipelines and access to domestic natural gas supplies in the south and Canadian natural gas supplies in the north. Granite State derives its revenues principally from the transportation services provided to Northern Utilities and, to a lesser extent, third-party marketers. A fifth utility subsidiary, Unitil Power, formerly functioned as the full requirements wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy. In connection with the implementation of electric industry restructuring in New Hampshire, on May 1, 2003 Unitil Power ceased being the wholesale supplier of Unitil Energy and divested of its long-term power supply contracts through the sale of the entitlements to the electricity associated with various electric power supply contracts it had acquired to serve Unitil Energy s customers. In the period since, Unitil Power continued to flow revenues and expenses from remaining contracts to Unitil Energy under the Amended Unitil System Agreement. The last of those contracts expired October 31, 2020, and the Company no longer has material revenues or expenses associated with those contracts. Unitil also has other wholly-owned subsidiaries: Unitil Service, Unitil Resources and Unitil Realty. Unitil Service provides, at cost, a variety of administrative and professional services, including regulatory, financial, accounting, human resources, engineering, operations, technology, energy management and management services on a centralized basis to its affiliated Unitil companies. Unitil Resources is the Company s wholly-owned non-regulated subsidiary, which currently does not have any activity. Unitil Realty owns and manages the Company s corporate office in Hampton, New Hampshire and leases this facility to Unitil Service under a long-term lease arrangement. 
 Basis of Presentation 

Commercial Industrial 

Other 

Total Billed and Unbilled Revenue 

Rate Adjustment Mechanism Revenue 

Total Electric and Gas Operating Revenues 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 2021 

Electric and Gas Operating Revenues (millions): 
 
 Electric 

Gas 

Total 

Billed and Unbilled Revenue: 

Residential 

Commercial Industrial 

Other 

Total Billed and Unbilled Revenue 

Rate Adjustment Mechanism Revenue 

Total Electric and Gas Operating Revenues 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 2020 

Electric and Gas Operating Revenues (millions): 
 
 Electric 

Gas 

Total 

Billed and Unbilled Revenue: 

Residential 

Commercial Industrial 

Other 

Total Billed and Unbilled Revenue 

Rate Adjustment Mechanism Revenue 

Total Electric and Gas Operating Revenues 

Revenue decoupling is the term given to the elimination of the dependency of a utility s distribution revenue on the volume of electricity or gas sales. The difference between distribution revenue amounts billed to customers and the targeted revenue decoupling amounts is recognized as an increase or a decrease in Accrued Revenue, which forms the basis for resetting rates for future cash recoveries from, or credits to, customers. These revenue decoupling targets may be adjusted as a result of rate cases and other authorized adjustments that the Company files with the MDPU and NHPUC. Fitchburg has been subject to revenue decoupling since 2011. Unitil Energy is subject to revenue decoupling as of June 1, 2022. As a result of Unitil Energy now being subject to revenue decoupling, as of June 1, 2022, revenue decoupling now applies to substantially all of Unitil s total annual electric sales volumes. As a result of the recently received final order in Northern Utilities base rate case in New Hampshire, substantially all of Northern Utilities gas sales volumes in New Hampshire are subject to decoupling as of August 1, 2022. As of August 1, 2022, the Company estimates that revenue decoupling applies to approximately of Unitil s total annual gas sales volumes. The Company's electric and gas sales in New Hampshire and Massachusetts are now largely decoupled. 

After June 1, 2022 
 
 Substantially All 

Gas 

Before August 1, 2022 

After August 1, 2022 

The Company bills its customers for sales tax in Massachusetts and Maine. These taxes are remitted to the appropriate departments of revenue in each state and are excluded from revenues on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 
 , 2021 - and 2020 - . 

per share, resulting in an annualized dividend rate of per common share. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid quarterly dividends of and per common share, respectively, resulting in annualized dividend rates of and per common share, respectively. At its January 2023 meeting, the Unitil Corporation Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend on the Company s common stock of per share, an increase of per share on a quarterly basis, resulting in an increase in the effective annualized dividend rate to per share from per share. 
 million and million, respectively, to satisfy their ISO-NE obligations. 
 authorized by regulators to recover the costs of the energy commodity portion of bad debts through rate mechanisms. Also, the electric and gas divisions of Fitchburg are authorized to recover through rates past due amounts associated with protected hardship accounts. Evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts requires judgment about the assumptions used in the analysis. The Company s experience has been that the assumptions used in evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts have proven to be reasonably accurate. (See Note 3 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts). Accounts Receivable, Net includes million and million of the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Unbilled Revenues, net (a component of Accrued Revenue) includes million and million of the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Unbilled Revenues 

Total Accrued Revenue 

Fitchburg 

Total Exchange Gas Receivable 

Propane 

Liquefied Natural Gas Other 

Total Gas Inventory 

The Company also has an inventory of Materials and Supplies in the amounts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These amounts are recorded at weighted average cost. 
 , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The costs of current repairs and minor replacements are charged to appropriate operating expense accounts. The original cost of utility plant retired or otherwise disposed of is charged to the accumulated provision for depreciation. The Company includes in its mass asset depreciation rates, which are periodically reviewed as part of its ratemaking proceedings, cost of removal amounts to provide for future negative salvage value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded cost of removal amounts of million and million, respectively, that have been collected in depreciation rates but have not yet been expended, and which represent regulatory liabilities. These amounts are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Cost of Removal Obligations. 
 the FERC. Fitchburg is also regulated by the MDPU, Unitil Energy is regulated by the New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission (NHPUC) and Northern Utilities is regulated by the Maine Public Utilities Commission (MPUC) and NHPUC. Granite State, the Company s natural gas transmission pipeline, is regulated by the FERC. Accordingly, the Company uses the Regulated Operations guidance as set forth in the FASB Codification. The Company has recorded Regulatory Assets and Regulatory Liabilities which will be recovered from customers, or applied for customer benefit, in accordance with rate provisions approved by the applicable public utility regulatory commission. The electric and gas divisions of Fitchburg are authorized to recover through rates past due amounts associated with hardship accounts that are protected from shut-off. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has recorded million and million, respectively, of hardship accounts in Regulatory Assets. These amounts are included in Other Deferred Charges in the following table. 

Energy Supply Other Rate Adjustment Mechanisms 

Deferred Storm Charges 

Environmental 

Income Taxes 

Other Deferred Charges 

Total Regulatory Assets 

Less: Current Portion of Regulatory Assets (1) 

Regulatory Assets noncurrent 

(1) 

Income Taxes 

Other 

Total Regulatory Liabilities 

Less: Current Portion of Regulatory Liabilities 

Regulatory Liabilities noncurrent 

Generally, the Company receives a return on investment on its regulated assets for which a cash outflow has been made. Included in Regulatory Assets as of December 31, 2022 are million of environmental costs, rate case costs and other expenditures to be recovered over varying periods in the next seven years. Regulators have authorized recovery of these expenditures, but without a return. Regulatory commissions can reach different conclusions about the recovery of costs, which can have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company believes it is probable that its regulated distribution and transmission utilities will recover their investments in long-lived assets, including regulatory assets. If the Company, or a portion of its assets or operations, were to cease meeting the criteria for application of these accounting rules, accounting standards for businesses in general would become applicable and immediate recognition of any previously deferred costs, or a portion of deferred costs, would be required in the year in which the criteria are no longer met, if such deferred costs were not recoverable in the portion of the business that continues to meet the criteria for application of the FASB Codification topic on Regulated Operations. If unable to continue to apply the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations, the Company would be required to apply the provisions for the Discontinuation of Rate-Regulated Accounting included in the FASB Codification. In the Company s opinion, its regulated operations will be subject to the FASB Codification provisions for Regulated Operations for the foreseeable future. 
 months. Leases are classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The Company has elected the practical expedient to not separate non-lease components from lease components and instead to account for both as a single lease component. The Company s accounting policy election for leases with a lease term of 12 months or less is to recognize the lease payments as lease expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term. See additional discussion in the Leases section of Note 4 (Debt and Financing Arrangements). 
 
 million and million, respectively, as shown in the following table. These investments are valued based on quoted prices from active markets and are categorized in Level 1 as they are actively traded and no valuation adjustments have been applied. 

Total Marketable Securities 

The Company also sponsors the Unitil Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan (the DC Plan). The DC Plan is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan that provides a vehicle for participants to accumulate tax-deferred savings to supplement retirement income. The DC Plan, which was effective January 1, 2019, is open to senior management or other highly compensated employees as determined by the Company s Board of Directors, and may also be used for recruitment and retention purposes for newly hired senior executives. The DC Plan design mirrors the Company s Tax Deferred Savings and Investment Plan formula, but provides for contributions on compensation above the IRS limit, which will allow participants to defer up to 85 of base salary, and up to 85 of any cash incentive for retirement. The Company may also elect to make discretionary contributions on behalf of any participant in an amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors. A trust has been established to invest the funds associated with the DC Plan. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company s investments in these trading securities related to the DC Plan, which are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other Assets, were million and million, respectively. These investments are valued based on quoted prices from active markets and are categorized in Level 1 as they are actively traded and no valuation adjustments have been applied. 

Money Market Funds 

Total Marketable Securities 

Exchange Gas Obligation 

Power Supply Contract Divestitures 

Total Energy Supply Obligations 

Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards - Renewable Energy Portfolio Standards (RPS) require retail electricity suppliers, including public utilities, to demonstrate that required percentages of their sales are met with power generated from certain types of resources or technologies. Compliance is demonstrated by purchasing and retiring Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) generated by facilities approved by the state as qualifying for REC treatment. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg purchase RECs in compliance with RPS legislation in New Hampshire and Massachusetts for supply provided to default service customers. RPS compliance costs are a supply cost that is recovered in customer default service rates. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg collect RPS compliance costs from customers throughout the year and demonstrate compliance for each calendar year on the following July 1. Due to timing differences between collection of revenue from customers and payment of REC costs to suppliers, Unitil Energy and Fitchburg typically defer costs for RPS compliance which are recorded within Accrued Revenue with a corresponding liability in Energy Supply Obligations on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Fitchburg has entered into long-term renewable contracts for the purchase of clean energy and/or RECs pursuant to Massachusetts legislation, specifically, An Act Relative to Green Communities (Green Communities Act, 2008), An Act Relative to Competitively Priced Electricity in the Commonwealth (2012) and An Act to Promote Energy Diversity (Energy Diversity Act, 2016). The generating facilities associated with ten of these contracts have been constructed and are now operating. Three approved contracts are currently under development. These include two long-term contracts filed with the MDPU in 2018, one for offshore wind generation and one for imported hydroelectric power and associated transmission, both of which were approved in 2019, and another for offshore wind generation filed with the MDPU during the first quarter of 2020 and approved in 2021. In compliance with An Act to Promote a Clean Energy Future (2018), in 2021 in coordination with the other electric utilities in Massachusetts, the Company issued its most recent long-term renewable solicitation seeking up to an additional 1,600 megawatts (MW) of offshore wind generation. In December 2021, a portfolio of projects comprising 1,600 MW of offshore wind capacity was selected for negotiation. Those contracts were approved by the MDPU on December 30, 2022. Fitchburg recovers the costs associated with long-term renewable contracts on a fully reconciling basis through a MDPU-approved cost recovery mechanism, and has received remuneration for entering into them. Exchange Gas Obligation - Northern Utilities enters into gas exchange agreements under which Northern Utilities releases certain natural gas pipeline and storage assets, resells the natural gas storage inventory to an asset manager and subsequently repurchases the inventory over the course of the natural gas heating season at the same price at which it sold the natural gas inventory to the asset manager. The gas inventory related to these agreements is recorded in Exchange Gas Receivable on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets while the corresponding obligations are recorded in Energy Supply Obligations. Power Supply Contract Divestitures - Unitil Energy s and Fitchburg s customers are entitled to purchase their electric or natural gas supplies from third-party suppliers. In connection with the implementation of retail choice, Unitil Power, which formerly functioned as the wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy, and Fitchburg divested their long-term power supply contracts through the sale of the entitlements to the electricity sold under those contracts. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg recover in rates all costs associated with the divestiture of their power supply portfolios and have secured regulatory approval from the NHPUC and MDPU, respectively, for the recovery of power supply-related stranded costs. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Fitchburg and Unitil Energy have fully recovered their power supply-related stranded costs. 
 The Company records on its balance sheets as an asset or liability the overfunded or underfunded status of its retirement benefit obligations (RBO) based on the projected benefit obligations. The Company has recognized a corresponding Regulatory Asset, reflecting ultimate recovery from customers through rates. The regulatory asset (or regulatory liability) is amortized as the actuarial gains and losses and prior service cost are amortized to net periodic benefit cost for the Pension and PBOP plans. All amounts are remeasured annually. (See Note 9 Retirement Benefit Plans). 

Rate Adjustment Mechanism Revenue 

Total Operating Revenues 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Depreciation Amortization Expense 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

() 

Segment Profit (Loss) 

() 

Segment Assets 

Capital Expenditures 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues: 

Billed and Unbilled Revenue 

Rate Adjustment Mechanism Revenue 

Total Operating Revenues 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Depreciation Amortization Expense 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

() 

Segment Profit (Loss) 

() 

Segment Assets 

Capital Expenditures 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Revenues: 

Billed and Unbilled Revenue 

Rate Adjustment Mechanism Revenue 

Total Operating Revenues 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Depreciation Amortization Expense 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 

() 

Segment Profit 

Segment Assets 

Capital Expenditures 

million, million and million, respectively. These provisions were recognized in Cost of Electric Sales and Cost of Gas Sales expense as the associated electric and gas utility revenues were billed. Cost of Electric Sales and Cost of Gas Sales costs are recovered from customers through periodic rate reconciling mechanisms. Also, the electric and gas divisions of Fitchburg are authorized to recover through rates past due amounts associated with hardship accounts that are protected from shut-off. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded million and million, respectively, of hardship accounts in Regulatory Assets. The Company currently receives recovery in rates or expects to receive recovery of these hardship accounts in future rate cases. Accounts Receivable, Net includes million and million of the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Unbilled Revenues, net (a component of Accrued Revenue) includes million and million of the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

() 

Gas 

() 

Other 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Electric 

Gas 

Other 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Electric 

Gas 

Other 

of total capitalization, and earnings available for interest equal to at least two times the interest charges for funded indebtedness. Each future senior long-term debt issuance of Unitil will rank pari passu with all other senior unsecured long-term debt issuances. The Unitil long-term debt agreement requires that if Unitil defaults on any other future long-term debt agreement(s), it would constitute a default under Unitil s present long-term debt agreement. Furthermore, the default provisions are triggered by the defaults of certain Unitil subsidiaries or certain other actions against Unitil subsidiaries. Substantially all of the property of Unitil Energy is subject to liens of indenture under which First Mortgage Bonds (FMB) have been issued. In order to issue new FMB, the customary covenants of the existing Unitil Energy Indenture Agreement must be met, including that Unitil Energy have sufficient available net bondable plant to issue the securities and earnings available for interest charges equal to at least two times the annual interest requirement. The Unitil Energy agreements further require that if Unitil Energy defaults on any Unitil Energy FMB, it would constitute a default for all Unitil Energy FMB. The Unitil Energy default provisions are not triggered by the actions or defaults of Unitil or its other subsidiaries. All of the long-term debt of Fitchburg, Northern Utilities and Granite State are issued under Unsecured Promissory Notes with negative pledge provisions. Each issue of long-term debt ranks pari passu with its other senior unsecured long-term debt within that subsidiary. The long-term debt s negative pledge provisions contain restrictions which, among other things, limit the incursion of additional long-term debt. Accordingly, in order for Fitchburg, Northern Utilities or Granite State to issue new long-term debt, the covenants of the existing long-term agreements of that subsidiary must be satisfied, including that the subsidiary have total funded indebtedness less than of total capitalization. Additionally, to issue new long-term debt, Fitchburg must maintain earnings available for interest equal to at least two times the interest charges for funded indebtedness. As with the Unitil Energy agreements, the Fitchburg, Northern Utilities and Granite State long-term debt agreements each require that if that subsidiary defaults on any of its own long-term debt agreements, it would constitute a default under all of that subsidiary s long-term debt agreements. None of the Fitchburg, Northern Utilities and Granite State default provisions are triggered by the actions or defaults of Unitil or any of its other subsidiaries. The Unitil, Unitil Energy, Fitchburg, Northern Utilities and Granite State long-term debt instruments and agreements contain covenants restricting the ability of each company to incur liens and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions, and restricting the ability of each company to consolidate with, to merge with or into, or to sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets. Unitil Energy, Fitchburg, Northern Utilities and Granite State pay common dividends to their sole common shareholder, Unitil Corporation and these common dividends are the primary source of cash for the payment of dividends to Unitil s common shareholders. The long-term debt issued by the Company and its subsidiaries contains certain covenants that determine the amount that the Company and each of these subsidiary companies has available to pay for dividends. As of December 31, 2022, in accordance with the covenants, these subsidiary companies had a combined amount of million available for the payment of dividends and Unitil Corporation had million available for the payment of dividends. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s balance in Retained Earnings was million. Issuance of Long-Term Debt - On December 18, 2020, Unitil Realty Corp. entered into a loan agreement in the amount of million at , with a maturity date of . Less than million of costs associated with this loan have been recorded as a reduction to the proceeds. Unitil Realty Corp. used the net proceeds from this loan for general corporate purposes. On September 15, 2020, Northern Utilities issued million of Notes due 2040 at . Fitchburg issued million of Notes due 2040 at . Unitil Energy issued million of Bonds due 2040 at . Northern Utilities, Fitchburg and Unitil Energy used the net proceeds from these offerings to repay short-term debt and for general corporate purposes. Approximately million of costs associated with these issuances have been recorded as a reduction to Long-Term Debt for presentation purposes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Debt Repayment - The total aggregate amount of debt repayments relating to bond issues and normal scheduled long-term debt repayments amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The aggregate amount of bond repayment requirements and normal scheduled long-term debt repayments for each of the five years following 2022 is: 2023 million; 2024 million; 2025 million; 2026 million; 2027 million and thereafter million. Fair Value of Long-Term Debt - Currently, the Company believes that there is no active market in the Company s debt securities, which have all been sold through private placements. If there were an active market for the Company s debt securities, the fair value of the Company s long-term debt would be estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues, or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs (valuations based on quoted prices available in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are directly observable, and inputs derived principally from market data). In estimating the fair value of the Company s long-term debt, the assumed market yield reflects the Moody s Baa Utility Bond Average Yield. Costs, including prepayment costs, associated with the early settlement of long-term debt are not taken into consideration in determining fair value. 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Unitil Energy First Mortgage Bonds: 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Fitchburg: 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Northern Utilities: 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Senior Notes, Due 

Granite State: 

Senior Notes, Due 

Unitil Realty Corp.: 

Senior Secured Notes, Due 

Total Long-Term Debt 

Less: Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

Total Long-Term Debt, net of Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs 

Less: Current Portion (1) 

Total Long-Term Debt, Less Current Portion 

(1) 

 Interest Expense, Net Interest expense is presented in the financial statements net of interest income. Interest expense is mainly comprised of interest on long-term debt and short-term borrowings. In addition, certain reconciling rate mechanisms used by the Company s distribution operating utilities give rise to regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities on which interest is calculated. Unitil s utility subsidiaries operate a number of reconciling rate mechanisms to recover specifically identified costs on a pass-through basis. These reconciling rate mechanisms track costs and revenue on a monthly basis. In any given month, this monthly tracking and reconciling process will produce either an under-collected or an over-collected balance of costs. In accordance with the distribution utilities rate tariffs, interest is accrued on these balances and will produce either interest income or interest expense. Consistent with regulatory precedent, interest income is recorded on an under-collection of costs, which creates a regulatory asset to be recovered in future periods when rates are reset. Interest expense is recorded on an over-collection of costs, which creates a regulatory liability to be refunded in future periods when rates are reset. 

Short-Term Debt 

Regulatory Liabilities 

Subtotal Interest Expense 

Interest Income 

Regulatory Assets 

() 

() 

() 

AFUDC (1) and Other 

() 

() 

() 

Subtotal Interest Income 

() 

() 

() 

Total Interest Expense, Net 

(1) AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 

Credit Arrangements On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders (collectively, the Credit Facility ), which amended and restated in its entirety the prior credit facility. Unitil may borrow under the Credit Facility until , subject to two one-year extensions under certain circumstances. The Credit Facility terminates and all amounts outstanding thereunder are due and payable on September 29, 2027, subject to the potential extension discussed in the prior sentence. The Credit Facility has a borrowing limit of million, which includes a million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit. Unitil may increase the borrowing limit under the Credit Facility by up to 75 million under certain circumstances. The Credit Facility generally provides Unitil with the ability to elect that borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest under several options, including a daily fluctuating rate equal to (a) the forward-looking secured overnight financing rate (as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) term rate with a term equivalent to one month beginning on that date, plus (b) , plus (c) a margin of to (based on Unitil s credit rating). The Company utilizes the Credit Facility for cash management purposes related to its short-term operating activities. Total gross borrowings were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Total gross repayments were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Short-Term Borrowings Outstanding 

Available 

The Credit Facility contains customary terms and conditions for credit facilities of this type, including affirmative and negative covenants. There are restrictions on, among other things, Unitil s and its subsidiaries ability to permit liens or incur indebtedness, and restrictions on Unitil s ability to merge or consolidate with another entity or change its line of business. , tested on a quarterly basis . At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the covenants contained in the Credit Facility in effect on that date. The Company believes it has sufficient sources of working capital to fund its operations. The weighted average interest rates on all short-term borrowings were , , and during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Unitil Corporation and its utility subsidiaries, Fitchburg, Unitil Energy, Northern Utilities, and Granite State are currently rated BBB+ by Standard Poor s Ratings Services. Unitil Corporation and Granite State are currently rated Baa2 , and Fitchburg, Unitil Energy and Northern Utilities are currently rated Baa1 by Moody s Investors Services. Northern Utilities enters into asset management agreements under which Northern Utilities releases certain natural gas pipeline and storage assets, resells the natural gas storage inventory to an asset manager and subsequently repurchases the inventory over the course of the natural gas heating season at the same price at which it sold the natural gas inventory to the asset manager. There was million and million of natural gas storage inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these asset management agreements. The amount of natural gas inventory released in December 2022, which was payable in January 2023, was million and was recorded in Accounts Payable at December 31, 2022. The amount of natural gas inventory released in December 2021, which was payable in January 2022, was million and was recorded in Accounts Payable at December 31, 2021. Contractual Obligations 

Interest on Long-Term Debt 

Total 

Leases Unitil s subsidiaries lease some of their vehicles, machinery and office equipment under both capital and operating lease arrangements. Total rental expense under operating leases charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, million and million respectively. 

Other Noncurrent Liabilities (long-term portion) 

Total Operating Lease Obligations 

Capital Lease Obligations: 

Other Current Liabilities (current portion) 

Other Noncurrent Liabilities (long-term portion) 

Total Capital Lease Obligations 

Total Lease Obligations 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease obligations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively and was included in Cash Provided by Operating Activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Assets under capital leases amounted to approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, less accumulated amortization of million and million, respectively and are included in Net Utility Plant on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. million of current operating lease obligations, which are included in Other Current Liabilities and million of noncurrent operating lease obligations, which are included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. The payments for capital leases consist of million of current Capital Lease Obligations, which are included in Other Current Liabilities, and million of noncurrent Capital Lease Obligations, which are included in Other Noncurrent Liabilities, on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022. 

Lease Payments 000 s) Year Ending December 31, 
 
 Operating Leases 

Capital Leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Total Payments 

Less: Interest 

Amount of Lease Obligations Recorded on Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Operating lease obligations are based on the net present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company used the interest rate stated in each lease agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term is years and the weighted average operating discount rate used to determine the operating lease obligations was . As of December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and the weighted average operating discount rate used to determine the operating lease obligations was . Guarantees The Company provides limited guarantees on certain energy and natural gas storage management contracts entered into by the distribution utilities. The Company s policy is to limit the duration of these guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately million of guarantees outstanding with a duration of less than one year. 

 and shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company has shares of common stock authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Unitil Corporation Common Stock Offering On August 6, 2021, the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock at a price of per share in a registered public offering (Offering). The Company s net increase to Common Equity and Cash proceeds from the Offering was approximately million. The proceeds were used to make equity capital contributions to the Company s regulated utility subsidiaries, to repay debt and for other general corporate purposes. As part of the Offering, the Company granted the underwriters a -day option to purchase additional shares. The underwriters exercised the option and purchased an additional shares of the Company s common stock on September 8, 2021. The Company s net increase to Common Equity and Cash proceeds from the exercise of the option was approximately million. The proceeds were used to make equity capital contributions to the Company s regulated utility subsidiaries, to repay debt and for other general corporate purposes. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan During 2022, the Company sold shares of its common stock, at an average price of per share, in connection with its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (DRP) and its 401(k) plans resulting in net proceeds of million. The DRP provides participants in the plan a method for investing cash dividends on the Company s common stock and cash payments in additional shares of the Company s common stock. During 2021 and 2020, the Company raised million and million, respectively, through the issuance of and shares, respectively, of its common stock in connection with its DRP and 401(k) plans. Common Shares Repurchased, Cancelled and Retired Pursuant to the written trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), adopted by the Company on May 1, 2014, the Company may periodically repurchase shares of its common stock on the open market related to the stock portion of the Directors annual retainer. Until December 1, 2018, the Company also periodically repurchased shares of its common stock on the open market related to Employee Length of Service Awards. (See Part II, Item 5, for additional information). During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased , and shares of its common stock, respectively, pursuant to the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. The expense recognized by the Company for these repurchases was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not cancel or retire any of its common stock. Stock-Based Compensation Plans Unitil maintains a stock-based compensation plan. The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation plan in accordance with the provisions of the FASB Codification and measures compensation costs at fair value at the grant date. Stock Plan The Company maintains the Unitil Corporation Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Plan (the Stock Plan). Participants in the Stock Plan are selected by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to receive awards under the Stock Plan, including: (i) awards of restricted shares that vest based on time (Time Restricted Shares); (ii) awards of restricted shares that vest based on performance (Performance Restricted Shares), effective January 24, 2023; or (iii) awards of restricted stock units (Restricted Stock Units). The Compensation Committee has the authority to determine the sizes of awards; determine the terms and conditions of awards in a manner consistent with the Stock Plan; construe and interpret the Stock Plan and any agreement or instrument entered into under the Stock Plan as they apply to participants; establish, amend, or waive rules and regulations for the Stock Plan s administration as they apply to participants; and, subject to the provisions of the Stock Plan, amend the terms and conditions of any outstanding award to the extent such terms and conditions are within the discretion of the Compensation Committee as provided for in the Stock Plan. On April 19, 2012, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Stock Plan to, among other things, increase the maximum number of shares of common stock available for awards to plan participants. The maximum number of shares available for awards to participants under the Stock Plan is . The maximum number of shares that may be awarded in any one calendar year to any one participant is . In the event of certain changes in capitalization of the Company, the Compensation Committee is authorized to make an equitable adjustment to the number and kind of shares of common stock that may be delivered under the Stock Plan and, in addition, may authorize and make an equitable adjustment to the Stock Plan s annual individual award limit. Time Restricted Shares Outstanding awards of Time Restricted Shares fully vest over a period of at a rate of each year. During the vesting period, dividends on Time Restricted Shares underlying the award may be credited to a participant s account. The Company may deduct or withhold, or require a participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any taxes required by federal, state, or local law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising in connection with an award. Prior to the end of the vesting period, the Time Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant ceases to be employed by the Company other than due to the participant s death, disability or retirement. Time 

There were and non-vested Time Restricted Shares under the Stock Plan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value of these shares was per share and per share, respectively. The compensation expense associated with the issuance of Time Restricted Shares under the Stock Plan is being recorded over the vesting period and was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost for Time Restricted Shares under the Stock Plan which is expected to be recognized over approximately years. There were Time Restricted Shares forfeited and Time Restricted Shares cancelled under the Stock Plan during 2022. On January 24, 2023, there were Time Restricted Shares issued under the Stock Plan with an aggregate market value of million. Performance Restricted Shares Outstanding awards of Performance Restricted Shares vest after a performance period of three years based on the attainment of certain goals set by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of the performance period. If goals are met, awards of Performance Restricted Shares may vest fully; if goals are exceeded, awards of Performance Restricted Shares may vest fully and additional shares of common stock may be awarded; if goals are not met, a portion of the Performance Restricted Shares may vest and/or all or a portion of the Performance Restricted Shares may be forfeited. During the performance period, dividends on Performance Restricted Shares underlying the award may be credited to a participant s account. The Company may deduct or withhold, or require a participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any taxes required by federal, state, or local law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising in connection with an award. Prior to the end of the performance period, the Performance Restricted Shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant ceases to be employed by the Company other than due to the participant s death, disability or retirement. Initial awards of Performance Restricted Shares were granted January 24, 2023. No Performance Restricted Shares were awarded in 2022, 2021 or 2020. On January 24, 2023, there were Performance Restricted Shares issued under the Stock Plan with an aggregate market value of million. Restricted Stock Units Restricted Stock Units, which are issued to members of the Company s Board of Directors, earn dividend equivalents and will generally be settled by payment to each Director as soon as practicable following the Director s separation from service to the Company. The Restricted Stock Units will be paid such that the Director will receive (i) of the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the restricted stock units and (ii) cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of of the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. 

Restricted Stock Units Granted 

Dividend Equivalents Earned 

Restricted Stock Units Settled 

() 

Ending Restricted Stock Units 

Other Noncurrent Liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 include million and million, respectively, representing the fair value of liabilities associated with the portion of fully vested RSUs that will be settled in cash. Preferred Stock There were million, or shares, of Unitil Energy s Series Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were less than million of total dividends declared on Preferred Stock in each of the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Earnings Per Share 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic (000 s) 

Plus: Diluted Effect of Incremental Shares (000 s) 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Diluted (000 s) 

Earnings per Share Basic and Diluted 

Unitil Energy currently has power supply contracts with various wholesale suppliers for the provision of Default Service to its customers. Currently, with approval of the NHPUC, Unitil Energy purchases Default Service power supply contracts for small, medium and large customers every for of the supply requirements. Fitchburg typically maintains power supply contracts with various wholesale suppliers for the provision of Basic Service electric supply. Pursuant to MDPU policy, Basic Service power supply contracts for residential and for small and medium general service customers are acquired every six months, are months in duration and provide percent of the supply requirements. On June 13, 2012, the MDPU approved Fitchburg s request to discontinue the procurement process for Fitchburg s large customers and become the load-serving entity for these customers. As such, Fitchburg procures electric power supply for large account customers directly through ISO-NE s markets. Starting in 2021, the impending City of Fitchburg municipal aggregation limited Fitchburg s ability to purchase Basic Service supply from wholesale suppliers for terms longer than six months for residential and small commercial customers. As a result of uncertainty around the timing of the Fitchburg aggregation launch as well as energy price volatility, Fitchburg received no supply offers in its most recent solicitation, conducted in late 2022. As such, beginning December 1, 2022, Fitchburg began procuring electric supply for residential and small commercial customers directly from the ISO New England markets. The NHPUC and MDPU regularly review alternatives to their procurement policy, and currently have open investigations in procurements processes, which may lead to future changes in this regulated power supply procurement structure. Regional Electric Transmission and Power Markets Fitchburg, Unitil Energy and Unitil Power, as well as virtually all New England electric utilities, are participants in the ISO-NE markets. ISO-NE is the Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) in New England. The purpose of ISO-NE is to assure reliable operation of the bulk power system in the most economical manner for the region. Substantially all operation and dispatching of electric generation and bulk transmission capacity in New England are performed on a regional basis. The ISO-NE tariff imposes generating capacity and reserve obligations, and provides for the use of major transmission facilities and associated support payments. The most notable benefits of the ISO-NE are coordinated, reliable power system operation and a supportive business environment for the development of competitive electric markets. Electric Power Supply Divestiture In connection with the implementation of retail choice, Unitil Power, which formerly functioned as the wholesale power supply provider for Unitil Energy, and Fitchburg divested their long-term power supply contracts through the sale of the entitlements to the electricity sold under those contracts. Unitil Energy and Fitchburg recover in their rates all the costs associated with the divestiture of their power supply portfolios and have secured regulatory approval from the NHPUC and MDPU, respectively, for the recovery of power supply-related stranded costs and other restructuring-related regulatory assets. The companies have a continuing obligation to submit regulatory filings that demonstrate their compliance with regulatory mandates and provide for timely recovery of costs in accordance with their approved restructuring plans. NATURAL GAS SUPPLY Unitil purchases and manages gas supply for customers served by Northern Utilities in Maine and New Hampshire, and by Fitchburg in Massachusetts. Northern Utilities Commercial and Industrial (C I) customers are entitled to purchase their natural gas supply from third-party gas suppliers. Many of Northern Utilities large, and some of its medium, C I customers purchase their gas supply from third-party suppliers. Most small C I customers, and all residential customers, purchase their gas supply from Northern Utilities under regulated rates and tariffs. As of December 2022, 73 of Unitil s largest New Hampshire gas customers, representing 38 of Unitil s New Hampshire gas therm sales, and 54 of Unitil s largest Maine customers, representing 23 of Unitil s Maine gas therm sales, purchased their gas supply from a third-party supplier. Fitchburg s residential and C I business customers are entitled to purchase their natural gas supply from third-party gas suppliers. Many of Fitchburg s large, and some of its medium, C I customers, purchase their gas supply from third-party suppliers. Most of Fitchburg s residential and small C I customers continue to purchase their supplies at regulated rates from Fitchburg. As of December 2022, 70 of Unitil s largest Massachusetts gas customers, representing 28 of Unitil s Massachusetts gas therm sales, purchased their gas supply from third-party suppliers. The approved costs associated with natural gas supplied to customers who do not contract with third-party suppliers are recovered on a pass-through basis through periodically adjusted rates, and are included in Cost of Gas Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Regulated Natural Gas Supply Northern Utilities purchases the majority of its natural gas from U.S. domestic and Canadian suppliers largely under contracts of or less, and on occasion from producers and marketers on the spot market. Northern Utilities arranges for gas transportation and delivery to its system through its own long-term contracts with various interstate pipeline and storage facilities, through peaking supply contracts delivered to its system, or in the case of liquefied natural gas (LNG), via trucking of supplies to storage facilities within Northern Utilities service territory. Northern Utilities has available under firm contract million British Thermal Units (MMBtu) per day of year-round and an additional MMBtu of winter seasonal transportation capacity to its distribution facilities, and billion cubic feet (BCF) of underground storage. As a supplement to pipeline natural gas, Northern Utilities owns an LNG storage and vaporization facility. This plant is used principally during peak load periods to augment the supply of pipeline natural gas. Fitchburg purchases natural gas under contracts from producers and marketers largely under contracts of one year or less, and occasionally on the spot market. Fitchburg arranges for gas transportation and delivery to its system through its own long-term contracts with Tennessee Gas Pipeline, through peaking supply contracts delivered to its system, or in the case of LNG or liquefied propane gas (LPG), via trucking of supplies to storage facilities within Fitchburg s service territory. Fitchburg has available under firm contract MMBtu per day of year-round transportation and BCF of underground storage capacity to its distribution facilities. As a supplement to pipeline natural gas, Fitchburg owns a propane air gas plant and an LNG storage and vaporization facility. These plants are used principally during peak load periods to augment the supply of pipeline natural gas. 

 million, a increase over the Company s test year operating revenues, effective April 1, 2020. The order approved a Return on Equity of , and a hypothetical capital structure of equity and debt. As part of the order and increase in base revenue, the MPUC provided for recovery of some, but not all, of the Company s implementation costs associated with its customer information system pending the completion of an investigation, including a third-party audit. On March 9, 2021, the MPUC opened a new docket to investigate the amount of customer information system costs that will be allowed in rates. On January 27, 2022, the Company and the Maine Office of the Public Advocate filed a stipulation in this docket. The stipulation includes no finding of imprudence or asset disallowance. The terms of the stipulation provide for recovery of the revenue requirement related to the Company s customer information system in base rates starting November 1, 2022, which coincides with the timing of the Company s winter cost of gas rate change. On February 9, 2022, the MPUC approved the stipulation. On September 30, 2022, the Company filed revised distribution rates to recover the annual revenue requirement of million for effect November 1, 2022. Northern Utilities - Targeted Infrastructure Replacement Adjustment (TIRA) - Maine - The settlement in Northern Utilities Maine division s 2013 rate case authorized the Company to implement a TIRA rate mechanism to adjust base distribution rates annually to recover the revenue requirements associated with targeted investments in gas distribution system infrastructure replacement and upgrade projects, including the Company s Cast Iron Replacement Program (CIRP). In its Final Order issued on February 28, 2018 for Northern Utilities 2017 base rate case, the MPUC approved an extension of the TIRA mechanism for an additional eight-year period, which will allow for annual rate adjustments through the end of the CIRP program. The Company s most recent request under the TIRA mechanism, to increase annual base rates by million for 2021 eligible facilities, was filed with the MPUC on February 28, 2022. On April 27, 2022, the MPUC issued an order approving the filing, for rates effective May 1, 2022. Northern Utilities - Base Rates - New Hampshire - On July 20, 2022, the NHPUC issued an Order in the distribution base rate case filed with the NHPUC on August 2, 2021 by Northern Utilities. The Order approves a comprehensive Settlement Agreement between the Company, the New Hampshire Department of Energy (DOE), and the Office of the Consumer Advocate (OCA). As provided in the Settlement Agreement, in addition to authorizing an increase to permanent distribution rates of million, effective August 1, 2022, the Order (1) approves a revenue decoupling mechanism and (2) allows for a step adjustment effective September 1, 2022 covering the additional revenue requirement resulting from changes in Net Plant in Service associated with non-growth investments for the period January 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. This distribution base rate case reflects the Company s operating costs and investments in utility plant for a test year ended December 31, 2020 as adjusted for known and measurable changes. The Order provides for a return on equity of and a capital structure reflecting equity and long-term debt. In light of the Step Adjustment, the Company shall not file a distribution rate case with the Commission before January 1, 2024 (the Stay-Out Period). However, during the term of the Stay-Out Period, the Company will be allowed to adjust distribution rates upward or downward resulting from a singular (not collective) exogenous event that exceeds . On June 8, 2022, the Company filed for its step increase of approximately million of annual revenue, for rates effective as of September 1, 2022, to recover eligible 2021 capital investments. On August 31, 2022, the NHPUC approved the Company s filing. The increase in permanent rates was reconciled back to October 1, 2021, the effective date of temporary rates previously approved in this docket. Unitil Energy - Base Rates - On May 3, 2022, the NHPUC issued an Order in the distribution base rate case filed with the NHPUC on April 2, 2021 by Unitil Energy. The Order approves, in part, a comprehensive Settlement Agreement between the Company, the New Hampshire DOE, the OCA, the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services, Clean Energy New Hampshire, and ChargePoint, Inc. In addition to authorizing an increase to permanent distribution rates of million, effective June 1, 2022, the Order approves the following components of the Settlement Agreement: (1) a multi-year rate plan, (2) a revenue decoupling mechanism, (3) time-of-use rates, (4) resiliency programs to support the Company s commitment to reliability, and (5) other rate design and tariff changes. On May 10, 2022, the Company filed a request for clarification with the NHPUC to clarify that the authorized revenue requirement should exclude expenses related to the Company s proposed Arrearage Management Program (AMP), which was not approved in the Order. On May 12, 2022, the Commission issued an Order, which clarified that because the Company will not incur the expenses associated with the AMP, those costs should be removed from the revenue requirement, and that the adjusted increase of million will result in reasonable rates. The increase in permanent rates was reconciled back to June 1, 2021, the effective date of temporary rates previously approved in this docket. This distribution base rate case reflects the Company s operating costs and investments in utility plant for a test year ended December 31, 2020 as adjusted for known and measurable changes. The Order provides for a return on equity of and a capital structure reflecting equity and long-term debt. On July 28, 2022, the NHPUC approved, subject to reconciliation, the Company s first step increase of approximately million of annual revenue to recover eligible 2021 capital investments, effective August 1, 2022. Fitchburg - Base Rates - Electric - Fitchburg s base rates are decoupled and subject to an annual revenue decoupling adjustment mechanism, which includes a cap on the amount that rates may be increased in any year. In addition, Fitchburg has an annual capital cost recovery mechanism to recover the revenue requirement associated with certain capital additions. On November 2, 2021, Fitchburg filed its cumulative revenue requirement of million associated with its 2019 and 2020 capital expenditures. The MDPU allowed the associated rate increase to become effective on January 1, 2022, subject to further investigation and reconciliation. On June 24, 2022, the MDPU issued an Order approving the Company s filing. On November 2, 2022, Fitchburg filed its cumulative revenue requirement of million associated with its 2019-2021 capital expenditures. The MDPU allowed the associated rate increase to become effective on January 1, 2023, subject to further investigation and reconciliation. On April 17, 2020, the MDPU approved a settlement agreement entered into by the Company and the Massachusetts Office of the Attorney General providing for a distribution increase of million, effective November 1, 2020. The Company s subsequent Compliance Filing reflected an adjusted distribution increase of million, a decrease of million from the original settlement amount due to the finalization of actual rate case expenses. On May 21, 2020, the MDPU approved the Company s Compliance Filing. The agreement provides for a Return on Equity of and a capital structure reflecting equity and long-term debt. Under the agreement, the Company will not increase or redesign base distribution rates to become effective prior to November 1, 2023, though the Company may seek cost recovery for certain exogenous events that meet a revenue threshold of million. The agreement also provides for the implementation of a major storm reserve fund, whereby the Company may recover the costs of restoration for qualifying storm events. In addition, the agreement provides for the extension of the annual capital cost recovery mechanism, modified to allow the recovery of property tax on the cumulative net capital expenditures. On September 22, 2022, Fitchburg filed a petition with the MDPU to adjust its base distribution rates by million effective January 1, 2023 to recover costs due to the exogenous event described below. The filing also includes a request to recover the exogenous costs incurred from July 2021 through December 2022 through a reconciling mechanism over a 24 month period, beginning January 1, 2023. The Massachusetts Department of Revenue has determined that the net book value or NBV of utility plant is no longer the basis of valuation for utility property. Most of the municipalities that levy property taxes on Fitchburg have adopted a hybrid valuation approach that increases property tax expense over and above what it would be if NBV was used as the basis of valuation. The change in valuation is a regulatory change that is outside the Company s control and it uniquely affects the electric and gas industries, thus it is an exogenous event. On December 30, 2022, the MDPU approved the Company s request to adjust its base distribution rates effective January 1, 2023 and to recover deferred costs of million incurred from July 2021 through December 2022 through a reconciling mechanism over a 24 month period, also beginning January 1, 2023. Fitchburg - Base Rates - Gas - Pursuant to its revenue decoupling adjustment clause tariff, as approved in its last base rate case, the Company is allowed to modify, on a semi-annual basis, its base distribution rates to an established revenue per customer target in order to mitigate economic, weather, and energy efficiency effects to the Company s revenues. The MDPU consistently has found the Company s filings are in accord with its approved tariffs, applicable law and precedent, and that they result in just and reasonable rates. On February 28, 2020, the MDPU approved a settlement agreement between the Company and the Massachusetts Office of the Attorney General. The agreement provides for an annual distribution revenue increase of million to be phased in over : (1) an increase of million, which became effective on March 1, 2020; and (2) an increase of million, which became effective on March 1, 2021. Under the agreement, the Company will not increase or redesign base distribution rates to become effective prior to March 1, 2023, though the Company may seek cost recovery for certain exogenous events that meet a revenue effect threshold of . The agreement provides for a Return on Equity of and a capital structure reflecting equity and long-term debt. In its September 22, 2022 exogenous cost filing as discussed above, the Company also requested to adjust its gas base distribution rates by million effective March 1, 2023 to recover these exogenous costs. The filing also includes a request to recover the exogenous costs incurred from July 2021 through February 2023 through a reconciling mechanism over a 24 month period, beginning March 1, 2023. On December 30, 2022, the MDPU approved the Company s request to adjust its base distribution rates effective March 1, 2023 and to recover deferred costs of million incurred from July 2021 through February 2023 through a reconciling mechanism over a 24 month period, also beginning March 1, 2023. Fitchburg - Gas System Enhancement Program - Pursuant to statute and MDPU order, Fitchburg has an approved Gas System Enhancement Plan tariff through which it may recover certain gas infrastructure replacement and safety related investment costs, subject to an annual cap. Under the plan, the Company is required to make two annual filings with the MDPU: a forward-looking filing for the subsequent construction year, to be filed on or before October 31; and a filing, submitted on or before May 1, of final project documentation for projects completed during the prior year, demonstrating substantial compliance with its plan in effect for that year and showing that project costs were reasonably and prudently incurred. Fitchburg s forward-looking cumulative revenue requirement filing submitted on October 29, 2021 requested recovery of approximately million, and received final approval on April 28, 2022, effective May 1, 2022. The Company s most recent forward-looking cumulative revenue requirement filing, filed on October 31, 2022, requested recovery of approximately million. The Company considers these to be routine regulatory proceedings, and there are no material issues outstanding. Granite State - Base Rates -On November 30, 2020, the FERC approved Granite State s filing of an uncontested rate settlement which provides for an increase in annual revenues of approximately million, effective November 1, 2020. The Settlement Agreement permits the filing of limited Section 4 rate adjustments for capital cost projects eligible for cost recovery in 2021, 2022, and 2023, and sets forth an overall investment cap of approximately million on the capital cost recoverable under such filings during the term of the Settlement. Under the Settlement Agreement, Granite may not file a new general rate case earlier than April 30, 2024 with rates to be effective no earlier than November 1, 2024 based on a test year ending no earlier than December 31, 2023. On August 24, 2021, the FERC accepted Granite State s first limited Section 4 rate adjustment pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, for an annual revenue increase of million, effective September 1, 2021. On August 19, 2022, the FERC accepted Granite State s second limited Section 4 rate adjustment pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, for an annual revenue increase of million, effective September 1, 2022. Other Matters Unitil Energy - Proposal to Construct Utility-Scale Solar Facility - On October 31, 2022, Unitil Energy submitted a petition to the NHPUC for review of Unitil Energy s proposal to construct, own, and operate a 4.99 MW utility-scale photovoltaic generating facility. The Company has requested a finding from the NHPUC within six months of the filing date that the project, as proposed, is in the public interest. This matter is subject to review by the NHPUC and remains pending. Fitchburg - Grid Modernization - On July 1, 2021, Fitchburg submitted its Grid Modernization Plan (GMP) to the MDPU. The GMP includes a five year strategic plan, including a plan for the full deployment of advanced metering functionality, and a four-year short-term investment plan, which focuses on foundational investments to facilitate the interconnection and integration of distributed energy resources, optimizing system performance through command and control and self-healing measures, and optimizing system demand by facilitating consumer price-responsiveness. On October 7, 2022, the MDPU issued a Track 1 Order approving a budget cap of million through 2025 for previously deployed or preauthorized grid modernization investments. On November 30, 2022, the MDPU issued its Track 2 Order addressing new technologies and Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) proposals. The MDPU preauthorizes a four-year million budget for Fitchburg s additional grid-facing investments. Any spending over the total budget cap is not eligible for targeted cost recovery through its Grid Modernization Factor (GMF), and instead, may be recovered by the Company in a base distribution rate proceeding subsequent to a prudency finding by the MDPU in a GMF filing or term review Order. The MDPU also preauthorized the Company s AMI meter replacement investments, with a budget of million through 2025. Additionally, the MDPU provided preliminary approval for the Company s customer engagement and experience and data sharing platform investments, with a combined budget of million through 2025. The Company may recover eligible costs incurred for preauthorized grid-facing investments and customer-facing investments that will be made during the 2022-2025 GMP term through the GMFs, subject to certain modifications to the Company s GMF tariff and a final prudence review. The MDPU also directed the Company to submit a proposed AMI opt-out tariff with full support for any proposed opt-out fees as a compliance filing by April 1, 2023. On September 7, 2022, in docket DPU 15-121, the MDPU directed the electric distribution companies (EDCs) to apply a protocol for identifying and tracking incremental grid modernization O M expense for recovery through the GMFs. Fitchburg - Grid Modernization Cost Recovery Factor - On April 15, 2022, Fitchburg filed its GMF rate adjustment and reconciliation filing pursuant to the Company s GMF Tariff, for recovery of the costs incurred as a result of implementing the Company s 2018-2021 GMP, previously approved by the MDPU on February 7, 2019. The proposed GMF of million was approved on May 27, 2022, effective June 1, 2022, subject to further investigation and reconciliation. Fitchburg - Investigation into the role of gas LDCs to achieve Commonwealth 2050 climate goals - The MDPU has opened an investigation to examine the role of Massachusetts gas local distribution companies (LDCs) in helping the Commonwealth achieve its 2050 climate goal of net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In its Order opening the inquiry, the MDPU stated it is required to consider new policies and structures as the Commonwealth reduces reliance on fossil fuels, including natural gas, which may require LDCs to make significant changes to their planning processes and business models. The LDCs, including Fitchburg, engaged an independent consultant to conduct a study and prepare a report (Consultant Report), including a detailed study of each LDC, that analyzes the feasibility of all identified pathways to help the Commonwealth achieve its net-zero GHG goal. The study includes an examination of the potential pathways identified in the 2050 Decarbonization Roadmap developed by the MA Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs, in consultation with the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection and the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources (DOER). Following an active stakeholder process, on March 18, 2022, Consultant Reports on decarbonization pathways, regulatory designs and stakeholder engagement were submitted to the MDPU. Also on March 18, 2022, the LDCs, including Fitchburg, submitted proposals to the MDPU that include the LDCs recommendations and plans for helping the Commonwealth achieve its 2050 climate goals, supported by the Consultant Reports. The MDPU held a technical session on the Consultant Report on March 30, 2022 and a technical session on the LDC proposals on April 15, 2022. Discovery by the MDPU is complete, and the LDCs responded to stakeholder comments on July 29, 2022. Final comments from stakeholders replying to the LDCs comments and making any other final remarks for the MDPU s consideration were filed on October 14, 2022. Fitchburg Electric Vehicle (EV) Proceeding On December 30, 2022, the MDPU issued an order approving Fitchburg s five-year EV program with a million budget consisting of: (1) public infrastructure offering million); (2) Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) incentives for residential segment million); and (3) marketing and outreach million). The Company may shift spending between program segments and between years over the five-year term of its program, subject to a 15 percent cap. Any spending above the approved EV program budget or above the 15 percent cap for each program segment is not eligible for targeted cost recovery through the GMF and, instead, may be recovered in a base distribution rate proceeding subsequent to a prudency finding by the MDPU. Further, the MDPU will convene an EV stakeholder process to finalize EV program performance metrics. Once performance metrics are finalized, the MDPU will require the electric companies to develop a joint state-wide program evaluation plan for MDPU approval and stakeholder input and will determine next steps at that time. The MDPU directs the Companies to submit annual reports that document their performance and these reports will be due on or before May 15th of each year. The first EV annual report is due May 15, 2024. The Company shall file annual rate adjustment and reconciliation filings on or before April 15, with rates effective June 1. The MDPU accepted the Company s Demand Charge Alternative proposal and directed implementation within six months. The Demand Charge Alternative is offered for a ten-year period with tiered rates to separately-metered EV general delivery service customers. Finally, the MDPU accepted the Company s proposed residential EV TOU rate. Northern Utilities / Granite State - Firm Capacity Contract - Northern Utilities relies on the transportation of gas supply over its affiliate Granite State pipeline to serve its customers in the Maine and New Hampshire service territories. Granite State facilitates critical upstream interconnections with interstate pipelines and third party suppliers essential to Northern Utilities service to its customers. Northern Utilities reserves firm capacity through a contract with Granite State, which is renewed annually. Pursuant to statutory requirements in Maine and orders of the MPUC, Northern Utilities submits an annual informational report requesting approval of a one-year extension of its 12-month contract for firm pipeline capacity reservation, with an evergreen provision and three-month termination notification requirement. On April 1, 2022, Northern Utilities submitted an annual informational report requesting approval on a one-year extension for the period of November 1, 2022 through October 31, 2023. The MPUC issued an Order on June 14, 2022 approving the one-year extension. Reconciliation Filings - Fitchburg, Unitil Energy and Northern Utilities each have a number of regulatory reconciling accounts that require annual or semi-annual filings with the MDPU, NHPUC and MPUC, respectively, to reconcile costs and revenues, and to seek approval of any rate changes. These filings include: annual electric reconciliation filings by Fitchburg and Unitil Energy for a number of items, including default service, stranded cost changes and transmission charges; costs associated with energy efficiency programs in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, as directed by the NHPUC and MDPU; recovery of the ongoing costs of storm repairs incurred by Unitil Energy; and the actual wholesale energy costs for electric power and gas incurred by each of the three companies. Fitchburg, Unitil Energy and Northern Utilities have been, and remain in full compliance with all directives and orders regarding these filings. The Company considers these to be routine regulatory proceedings, and there are no material issues outstanding. Fitchburg - Massachusetts Request for Proposals (RFPs) - Pursuant to Section 83C of An Act to Promote Energy Diversity (2016) (the Act), the Massachusetts EDCs, including Fitchburg, are required to jointly procure a total of MW of offshore wind by June 30, 2027. Under Section 83D of the Act, the EDCs are required to jointly seek proposals for cost-effective clean energy (hydroelectric, solar and land-based wind) long-term contracts via one or more staggered solicitations for a total of megawatt-hours (MWh) by December 31, 2022. Fitchburg s pro rata share of these contracts is approximately 1 . The EDCs issued the RFP for Section 83D Long-Term Contracts in March 2017, and power purchase agreements (PPAs) for MWh of hydroelectric generation and associated environmental attributes from Hydro-Quebec Energy Services (U.S.), Inc. were filed in July 2018 for approval by the MDPU. On June 25, 2019, the MDPU approved the PPAs, including the EDCs proposal to sell the energy procured under the contract into the ISO-NE wholesale market and to credit or charge the difference between the contract costs and the ISO-NE market costs to customers. The MDPU also approved the EDCs request for remuneration equal to of the contract payments, as well as the EDCs proposal to recover costs associated with the contracts. The EDCs issued an initial RFP pursuant to Section 83C in June 2017. On July 23, 2018, the EDCs, filed two long-term contracts with Vineyard Wind, each for MW of offshore wind energy generation, for approval by the MDPU. On April 12, 2019, the MDPU approved the offshore wind energy generation PPAs, including the EDCs proposal to sell the energy procured under the contract into the ISO-NE wholesale market and to credit or charge the difference between the contract costs and the ISO-NE market costs to customers. The EDCs issued a second RFP pursuant to Section 83C to procure an additional MW of offshore wind energy generation in May 2019. The EDCs filed for approval of two PPAs with Mayflower Wind Energy LLC, each for MW of offshore wind energy generation, in February 10, 2020. On November 5, 2020, the MDPU approved the second RFP PPAs. In both cases, the MDPU approved the EDCs request for remuneration equal to of the contract payments, as well as the EDCs proposal to recover costs associated with the contracts. In accordance with An Act to Advance Clean Energy (2018) the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources (DOER) recommended that the EDCs solicit up to 1,600 MW in additional offshore wind in 2022 and 2024. On May 7, 2021, the EDCs issued a third RFP for up to an additional MW of off shore wind generation. On May 25, 2022, the EDCs sought approval of PPAs with Commonwealth Wind for MW and with Mayflower Wind for MW. On December 16, 2022, Commonwealth Wind filed a motion requesting that the MDPU dismiss proceedings related to the approval of its contract, arguing that, due to various economic conditions, its contracts with the EDCs would no longer facilitate the financing of offshore wind energy generation. On December 30, 2022, the MDPU denied Commonwealth s motion and approved the PPAs. The MDPU also approved the EDCs request for remuneration equal to as reasonable and in the public interest. On January 19, 2023, Commonwealth Wind filed a Petition for Appeal with the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court seeking to set aside and vacate the MDPU s Order approving the PPAs. On the same day, Mayflower Wind submitted a motion to the MDPU requesting that it extend the period for filing an appeal (which otherwise expired on January 19, 2023) by five business days from the date that the motion is approved. The appeal and the motion are pending. In 2021, the MA legislature increased the total solicitation target (including future solicitations) for offshore wind energy generation to MW by June 30, 2027; an additional MW of offshore wind capacity remains to be procured in the future. The next RFP for offshore wind is expected to be released in May 2023 for at least MW and up to MW of additional offshore wind capacity. Section 82 of the Acts of 2022 authorizes DOER to coordinate with other New England states to consider projects for long-term clean energy generation, transmission or capacity for the benefit of residents of the Commonwealth and the region. If DOER, in consultation with the Attorney General, determines that a project would satisfy all of the benefits listed in Section 82, the EDCs shall enter into cost-effective long-term contracts. On October 26, 2022, the Maine PUC announced its selection of a Transmission Project and a Generation Project to promote renewable energy development in northern Maine. On December 30, 2022, the DOER made a determination that the selected projects would have benefits to Massachusetts and the region. Pursuant to Section 82, Massachusetts EDCs shall enter into cost-effective long-term contracts with a maximum term of twenty years upon such a finding by the DOER. Fitchburg is in the process of evaluating potential contractual commitments under Section 82. FERC Transmission Formula Rate Proceedings - Pursuant to Section 206 of the Federal Power Act, there are several pending proceedings before the FERC concerning the justness and reasonableness of the Return on Equity (ROE) component of the ISO-New England, Inc. Participating Transmission Owners (PTOs) Regional Network Service and Local Network Service formula rates. In August 2013, FERC had found that the Transmission Owners existing ROE was unlawful, and set a new ROE. On April 14, 2017, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit (the Court) issued an opinion vacating and remanding FERC s decision, finding that FERC had failed to articulate a satisfactory explanation for its orders. At this time, the ROE set in the vacated order will remain in place until further FERC action is taken. On November 21, 2019 the FERC issued an order in EL14-12, Midcontinent Independent System Operator ROE, in which FERC outlined a new methodology for calculating the ROE. The New England Transmission Owners (NETOs) thereafter filed a motion to reopen the record in their pending ROE dockets, which has been granted. This matter remains pending. The Company does not believe these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. On December 13, 2022, RENEW Northeast, Inc., a non-profit entity that advocates for the business interests of renewable power generators in New England filed a complaint with FERC against ISO-NE and the PTOs requesting a determination that certain open-access transmission tariff schedules are unjust and unreasonable to the extent they permit PTOs to directly assign to interconnection customers O M costs associated with network upgrades. Fitchburg and Unitil Energy are PTOs, although Unitil Energy does not own transmission plant. The PTOs answered the complaint on January 23, 2023. This matter remains pending. Contractual Obligations 

Electric Supply Contracts 

Total 

The Company and its subsidiaries have material energy supply commitments (see Note 6 Energy Supply). Cash outlays for the purchase of electricity and natural gas to serve customers are subject to reconciling recovery through periodic changes in rates, with carrying charges on deferred balances. From year to year, there are likely to be timing differences associated with the cash recovery of such costs, creating under- or over-recovery situations at any point in time. Rate recovery mechanisms are typically designed to collect the under-recovered cash or refund the over-collected cash over subsequent periods of less than a year. Legal Proceedings The Company is involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types, including those which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company believes, based upon information furnished by counsel and others, that the ultimate resolution of these claims will not have a material effect on its financial position, operating results or cash flows. Environmental Matters The Company s past and present operations include activities that are generally subject to extensive and complex federal and state environmental laws and regulations. The Company is in material compliance with applicable environmental and safety laws and regulations and, as of December 31, 2022, has not identified any material losses reasonably likely to be incurred in excess of recorded amounts. However, the Company cannot assure that significant costs and liabilities will not be incurred in the future. It is possible that other developments, such as increasingly stringent federal, state or local environmental laws and regulations could result in increased environmental compliance costs. Based on its current assessment of its environmental responsibilities, existing legal requirements and regulatory policies, the Company does not believe that these environmental costs will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. Northern Utilities Manufactured Gas Plant Sites - Northern Utilities has an extensive program to identify, investigate and remediate former manufactured gas plant (MGP) sites, which were operated from the mid-1800s through the mid-1900s. In New Hampshire, MGP sites were identified in Dover, Exeter, Portsmouth, Rochester and Somersworth. In Maine, Northern Utilities has documented the presence of MGP sites in Lewiston and Portland, and a former MGP disposal site in Scarborough. Northern Utilities has worked with the Maine Department of Environmental Protection and New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services (NH DES) to address environmental concerns with these sites. Northern Utilities or others have completed remediation activities at all sites; however, on site monitoring continues at several sites which may result in future remedial actions as directed by the applicable regulatory agency. In July 2019, the NH DES requested that Northern Utilities review modeled expectations for groundwater contaminants against observed data at the Rochester site. In June 2020, the NH DES coupled the submittal of the review to a proposed extension of the gas distribution system by Northern Utilities. Northern Utilities submitted the review in January 2022, and the NH DES directed that soil treatability studies as part of a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) be developed in June 2022. The Company submitted the studies and RAP to the NH DES in December 2022; the RAP included three remediation alternatives for consideration by NH DES. In anticipation of the probable NH DES approval of one of the remediation alternatives and subsequent request for project design, the Company has a ccrued million for estimated costs to complete the remediation at the Rochester site, which is included in Environmental Obligations. The Company has determined that the high end of the range of reasonably possible remediation costs for the Rochester site could be million based on remediation alternatives. Northern Utilities anticipates the commencement of remediation activities in 2024. The NHPUC and MPUC have approved regulatory mechanisms for the recovery of MGP environmental costs. For Northern Utilities New Hampshire division, the NHPUC has approved the recovery of MGP environmental costs over succeeding seven-year periods. For Northern Utilities Maine division, the MPUC has authorized the recovery of environmental remediation costs over succeeding five-year periods. The Environmental Obligations table shows the amounts accrued for Northern Utilities related to estimated future cleanup costs associated with Northern Utilities environmental remediation obligations for former MGP sites. Corresponding Regulatory Assets were recorded to reflect that the future recovery of these environmental remediation costs is expected based on regulatory precedent and established practices. Fitchburg s Manufactured Gas Plant Site - Fitchburg has worked with the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (Mass DEP) to address environmental concerns with the former MGP site at Sawyer Passway, and has substantially completed remediation activities, though on site monitoring continues. In April 2020, Fitchburg received notification from the Massachusetts Department of Transportation (Mass DOT) that a portion of the site may be incorporated into the proposed Twin City Rail Trail with an anticipated completion date in 2024. Depending upon the final agreement between Fitchburg and Mass DOT, additional minor costs are expected prior to completion. In August 2021, the Mass DEP issued a Notice of Non-compliance to FGE following a November 2020 audit of the September 2015 Response Action Outcome on the MGP site. Mass DEP directed Fitchburg to further define the extent of MGP site contaminants in the sediment and riverbank of an abutting watercourse. Fitchburg began the investigation in November 2021 with the Mass DEP expanding the scope in June 2022 to include an observed river seep. FGE submitted the results of its investigation and an Immediate Response Action (IRA) plan associated with the river seep to the Mass DEP in December 2022. The Mass DEP has review and approval authority over the IRA plan s recommendations, and FGE anticipates a limited remediation effort associated with the seep in 2023. The Company does not believe this investigation will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Fitchburg recovers the environmental response costs incurred at this former MGP site in gas rates pursuant to the terms of a cost recovery agreement approved by the MDPU. Pursuant to this agreement, Fitchburg is authorized to amortize and recover environmental response costs from gas customers over succeeding seven-year periods. Unitil Energy - Kensington Distribution Operations Center - Unitil Energy conducted a Phase I and II environmental site assessment (ESA) in the second quarter of 2021. The ESA results identified soil and groundwater contaminants in excess of state regulatory standards. In September 2021, the NH DES directed Unitil Energy to conduct a supplemental site investigation (SSI) and identify whether there is a need to conduct further investigation or remedial actions. Unitil Energy began the SSI in December 2021 with the NH DES extending the SSI scope in June 2022 to further delineate potential impacts. Unitil Energy completed the field portion of the SSI in September 2022 and anticipates submitting a report to the NH DES in the first quarter of 2023. The Company does not believe this investigation will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Additions 

Less: Payments / Reductions 

Total Balance at End of Period 

Less: Current Portion 

Noncurrent Balance at End of Period 

State 

Total Current Income Taxes 

Deferred Income Tax Provision 

Federal 

State 

Total Deferred Income Taxes 

Total Income Tax Expense 

Income Tax Effects of: 

State Income Taxes, net 

Utility Plant Differences 

() 

() 

() 

Other, net 

Effective Income Tax Rate 

Net Operating Loss Carryforwards 

Tax Credit Carryforwards 

Other, net 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Utility Plant Differences 

Regulatory Assets Liabilities 

Other, net 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Under the Company s Tax Sharing Agreement (the Agreement) which was approved upon the formation of Unitil as a public utility holding company, the Company files consolidated Federal and State tax returns and Unitil Corporation and each of its utility operating subsidiaries recognize the results of their operations in its tax returns as if it were a stand-alone taxpayer. The Agreement provides that the Company will account for income taxes in compliance with U.S. GAAP and regulatory accounting principles. The Company has evaluated its tax positions at December 31, 2022 in accordance with the FASB Codification, and has concluded that no adjustment for recognition, de-recognition, settlement or foreseeable future events to any tax liabilities or assets as defined by the FASB Codification is required. The Company remains subject to examination by Maine, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire tax authorities for the tax periods ended December 31, 2021; December 31, 2020; and December 31, 2019. Income tax filings for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been filed with the IRS, Massachusetts Department of Revenue, the Maine Revenue Service, and the New Hampshire Department of Revenue Administration. In the Company s federal tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2021 which were filed with the IRS in October 2022, the Company utilized federal Net Operating Loss Carryforward (NOLC) assets of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized the utilization of approximately million of the NOLC asset to offset current taxes payable. In addition, at December 31, 2022, the Company had million of cumulative state tax credit carryforwards to offset future income taxes payable. If unused, the Company s state tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2027. In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act was signed into law. The CARES Act included several tax changes as part of its economic package. These changes principally related to expanded Net Operating Loss carryback periods, increases to interest deductibility limitations, and accelerated Alternative Minimum Tax refunds. The Company has evaluated these items and determined that the items do not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2021. Additionally, the CARES Act enacted the Employee Retention Credit (ERC) to incentivize companies to retain employees. The ERC is a credit on employee wages for employees that are retained and cannot perform their job duties at capacity as a result of coronavirus pandemic restrictions. In December 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (CAA) was signed into law. The CAA included additional funding through tax credits as part of its economic package for 2021. These changes include the temporary removal of deduction limitations on business meals through December 2022 and additional funding for the ERC with expanded benefits extended through June 30, 2021. The expanded ERC is a credit on employee wages for employees that are retained and cannot perform their job duties at capacity as a result of coronavirus pandemic restrictions. In March 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (ARPA) was signed into law. The ARPA included certain provisions that provide economic relief for the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, such as extending the ERC through December 31, 2021, and other future governmental revenue producing provisions, such as expanding the scope for deduction limitations on executive compensation in future years. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) was signed into law. The IRA included new taxes on corporations, including the Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) and the Excise Tax on Repurchase of Corporate Stock. The AMT is equal to of a corporation s adjusted financial statement income (AFSI). The AMT applies to companies that have a year average AFSI of greater than billion. The IRA also extended and modified certain renewable energy related credits. The Company has evaluated each of the CARES, CAA, ARPA and IRA provisions and determined that they do not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded a reduction in payroll taxes related to the ERC for million in 2021 and million in 2020. These credits were recorded as a reduction to payroll tax expense which is recorded in Taxes Other Than Income Taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA), which included a reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate to effective January 1, 2018, was signed into law. In accordance with FASB Codification Topic 740, the Company revalued its Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes (ADIT) and recorded a net Regulatory Liability in the amount of million at December 31, 2017. The Company expects to flow through to customers million of excess ADIT in utility base rates. Approximately million of excess ADIT was created through reconciling mechanisms at December 31, 2017, which had not been previously collected from customers through utility rates. The Company reconciled these excess ADIT amounts through the specific reconciliation mechanisms in each of those individual reconciling mechanisms which were reviewed by state regulators. The benefit of protected excess ADIT amounts will be subject to flow back to customers in utility rates according to the Average Rate Assumption Method (ARAM). The Company estimates the ARAM flow back period for protected and unprotected excess ADIT to be between fifteen and twenty years over the remaining life of the related utility plant. As of December 31, 2022, the Company flowed back million to customers in its Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire and federal jurisdictions. 

 The Unitil Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Plan (PBOP Plan) The PBOP Plan provides health care and life insurance benefits to retirees. The Company has established Voluntary Employee Benefit Trusts, into which it funds contributions to the PBOP Plan. 

 The Unitil Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) The SERP is a non-qualified retirement plan, with participation limited to executives selected by the Board of Directors. 

Rate of Compensation Increase 

Expected Long-term rate of return on plan assets 

Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Year 

Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate 

Year that Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate is reached 

Used to Determine Benefit Obligations at December 31: 

Discount Rate 

Rate of Compensation Increase 

, with an ultimate rate of in , and for post-65 retirees, the health care cost trend rate is , with an ultimate rate of in . The health care cost trend rate used to determine benefit obligations at December 31, 2021 for both pre-65 and post-65 retirees is , with an ultimate rate in . The health care cost trend rate used to determine benefit obligations at December 31, 2020 for both pre-65 and post-65 retirees is , with an ultimate rate in . The Discount Rate assumptions used in determining retirement plan costs and retirement plan obligations are based on an assessment of current market conditions using high quality corporate bond interest rate indices and pension yield curves. For 2022, a change in the discount rate of would have resulted in an increase or decrease of approximately in the Net Periodic Benefit Cost (NPBC). The Rate of Compensation Increase assumption used for 2022 was based on the expected long-term increase in compensation costs for personnel covered by the plans. 

Interest Cost 

Expected Return on Plan Assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Prior Service Cost Amortization 

Actuarial Loss Amortization 

Sub-total 

Amounts Capitalized or Deferred 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

NPBC Recognized 

The Company bases the actuarial determination of pension expense on a market-related valuation of assets, which reduces year-to-year volatility. This market-related valuation recognizes investment gains or losses over a three-year period from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of assets and the actual return based on the fair value of assets. Since the market-related value of assets recognizes gains or losses over a three-year period, the future value of the market-related assets will be affected as previously deferred gains or losses are recognized. The Company s pension expense for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 before capitalization and deferral was million, million and million, respectively. Had the Company used the fair value of assets instead of the market-related value, pension expense for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 would have been million, million and million respectively, prior to amounts capitalized or deferred. 

Actual Return on Plan Assets 

() 

() 

Employer Contributions 

Participant Contributions 

Benefits Paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Plan Assets at End of Year 

Change in PBO: 

PBO at Beginning of Year 

Service Cost 

Interest Cost 

Participant Contributions 

Plan Amendments 

Benefits Paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial (Gain) or Loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

PBO at End of Year 

Funded Status: Assets vs PBO 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The decrease in the PBO for the Pension, PBOP and SERP plans as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 primarily reflects an increase in the assumed discount rate as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, as of the end of 2022, the Company changed from a Medicare Supplement plan to a Medicare Advantage plan, which resulted in a significant reduction in the PBO for the PBOP plan as of December 31, 2022. The funded status of the Pension, PBOP and SERP Plans is calculated based on the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets and is recorded on the balance sheets as an asset or a liability. Because the Company recovers the retiree benefit costs from customers through rates, regulatory assets are recorded in lieu of an adjustment to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss). The Company has recorded on its consolidated balance sheets as a liability the underfunded status of its and its subsidiaries retirement benefit obligations based on the projected benefit obligation. The Company has recognized Regulatory Assets, net of deferred tax benefits, of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to account for the future collection of these plan obligations in electric and gas rates. These amounts are recovered primarily over the average remaining service periods or life expectancies of employees covered by the benefit plans. The Accumulated Benefit Obligation (ABO) is required to be disclosed for all plans where the ABO is in excess of plan assets. The difference between the PBO and the ABO is that the PBO includes projected compensation increases. The ABO for the Pension Plan was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ABO for the SERP was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the PBOP Plan, the ABO and PBO are the same. (See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for further discussion of SERP funding.) The Company, along with its subsidiaries, expects to continue to make contributions to its Pension Plan in 2023 and future years at minimum required and discretionary funding levels consistent with the amounts recovered in the distribution utilities rates for these Pension Plan costs. 

Participant Contributions 

Benefit Payments 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

The Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Pension Plan assets assumption used by the Company is developed based on input from actuaries and investment managers. The Company s Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Pension Plan assets is based on target investment allocation of in common stock equities, in fixed income securities and in real estate securities. The Company s Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on PBOP Plan assets is based on target investment allocation of in common stock equities and in fixed income securities. 

Debt Funds 

Real Estate Fund 

Other (1) 

Total 

(1) 

Debt Funds 

Total 

The combination of these target allocations and expected returns resulted in the overall assumed long-term rate of return of for 2022. The Company evaluates the actuarial assumptions, including the expected rate of return, at least annually. The primary financial objective of the plans is to earn their expected long-term returns without assuming undue risks of funded status volatility. The target rate of return for the Plans has been based upon an analysis of historical returns supplemented with an economic and structural review for each asset class. Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Please also see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for a discussion of the Company s fair value accounting policy. Equity, Fixed Income, Index and Asset Allocation Funds These investments are valued based on quoted prices from active markets. These securities are categorized in Level 1 as they are actively traded and no valuation adjustments have been applied. Cash Equivalents These investments are valued at cost, which approximates fair value, and are categorized in Level 1. Real Estate Fund These investments are valued at net asset value per unit based on a combination of market- and income-based models utilizing market discount rates, projected cash flows and the estimated value into perpetuity. In accordance with FASB Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement , these investments have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the tables below for the Real Estate Fund are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the Plan Assets at End of Year line item shown in the Change in Plan Assets table above. 

Fixed Income Funds 

Total Mutual Funds 

Cash Equivalents 

Total Assets in the Fair Value Hierarchy 

Real Estate Fund Measured at Net Asset Value 

Total Assets 

2021 

Pension Plan Assets: 

Mutual Funds: 

Equity Funds 

Fixed Income Funds 

Total Mutual Funds 

Cash Equivalents 

Total Assets in the Fair Value Hierarchy 

Real Estate Fund Measured at Net Asset Value 

Total Assets 

Redemptions of the Real Estate Fund are subject to a sixty-five day notice period and the fund is valued quarterly. There are no unfunded commitments. 

Equity Funds 

Total Assets 

2021 

PBOP Plan Assets: 

Mutual Funds: 

Fixed Income Funds 

Equity Funds 

Total Assets 

Employee 401(k) Tax Deferred Savings Plan The Company sponsors the Unitil Corporation Tax Deferred Savings and Investment Plan (the 401(k) Plan) under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code and covering substantially all of the Company s employees. Participants may elect to defer current compensation by contributing to the plan. Employees may direct, at their sole discretion, the investment of their savings plan balances (both the employer and employee portions) into a variety of investment options, including a Company common stock fund. The Company s contributions to the 401(k) Plan were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

76 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) were effective. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, Unitil management has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, Unitil management concluded that Unitil s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report which appears in Part II, Item 8 herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in Unitil s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Unitil s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 On February 14, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing its results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The press release is furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 99.1. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 77 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this Item is set forth in the Proposal 1: Election of Directors section and the Description of Management section of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is set forth in the Corporate Governance and Policies of the Board Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance section of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. Information regarding the Company s Audit Committee is set forth in the Committees of the Board Audit Committee section of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. Information regarding the Company s Code of Ethics is set forth in the Corporate Governance and Policies of the Board Code of Ethics section of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. Information regarding procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors is set forth in the Corporate Governance and Policies of the Board Nominations section of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by this Item is set forth in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Compensation of Named Executive Officers sections of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information required by this Item is set forth in the Beneficial Ownership section of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023, as well as the Equity Compensation Plan Information table in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10-K. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this Item is set forth in the Corporate Governance and Policies of the Board Transactions with Related Persons and the Corporate Governance and Policies of the Board Director Independence sections of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information required by this Item is set forth in the Audit Committee Report Principal Accountant Fees and Services and the Audit Committee Report Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy sections of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 26, 2023. 
 
 78 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) and (2) LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following financial statements are included herein under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Deloitte Touche LLP; PCAOB ID No. 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stock Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions, are not applicable, or information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto and, therefore, have been omitted. 
 (3) LIST OF EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Reference 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Unitil Corporation. 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-14 Registration Statement No. 2-93769 dated October 12, 1984 (P) 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation Filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New Hampshire on March 4, 1992. 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-K for 1991 (SEC File No. 1-8858) (P) 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation Filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New Hampshire on September 23, 2008. 
 Exhibit 3.3 to Form S-3/A Registration Statement No. 333-152823 dated November 25, 2008 

3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation Filed with the Secretary of State of the State of New Hampshire on April 27, 2011. 
 Exhibit 4.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3 Registration Statement No. 333-168394, dated January 28, 2014 

3.5 
 Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws of Unitil Corporation. 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated April 29, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.1 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture of Unitil Energy Systems, Inc., successor to Concord Electric Company, dated as of December 2, 2002, amending and restating the Concord Electric Company Indenture of Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of July 15, 1958. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K for 2002 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.2 
 Fitchburg Note Agreement dated November 1, 1993 for the 6.75 Notes due November 30, 2023. 
 Exhibit 4.18 to Form 10-K for 1993 (SEC File No. 1-8858) (P) 

4.3 
 Fitchburg Note Agreement dated January 15, 1999 for the 7.37 Notes due January 15, 2029. 
 Exhibit 4.25 to Form 10-K for 1999 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.4 
 Fitchburg Note Agreement dated June 1, 2001 for the 7.98 Notes due June 1, 2031. 
 Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-Q for June 30, 2001 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.5 
 Fitchburg Note Agreement dated October 15, 2003 for the 6.79 Notes due October 15, 2025. 
 Exhibit 4.7 to Form 10-K for 2003 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

79 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Reference 

4.6 
 Fitchburg Note Agreement dated December 21, 2005 for the 5.90 Notes due December 15, 2030. 

4.7 
 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture of Unitil Energy Systems, Inc., dated as of September 26, 2006. 

4.8 
 Unitil Corporation Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2007, for the 6.33 Senior Notes due May 1, 2022. 

4.9 
 Northern Utilities Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2008, for the 6.95 Senior Notes, Series A due December 3, 2018 and the 7.72 Senior Notes, Series B due December 3, 2038. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated December 3, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.10 
 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture of Unitil Energy Systems, Inc., dated as of March 2, 2010. 
 Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K dated March 2, 2010 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.11 
 Northern Utilities form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2014, for the 4.42 Senior Notes, due October 15, 2044. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated October 15, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.12 
 Northern Utilities form of Note issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2014, for the 4.42 Senior Notes, due October 15, 2044. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated October 15, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.13 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 2016 by and among Unitil Corporation and the several purchasers named therein for the 3.70 Senior Notes, Series 2016, due August 1, 2026. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.14 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company in the principal amount of 11,200,000. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.15 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by Lincoln Benefit Life Company in the principal amount of 4,000,000. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.16 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by Lincoln Benefit Life Company in the principal amount of 3,800,000. 
 Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.17 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by Lincoln Benefit Life Company in the principal amount of 1,000,000. 
 Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.18 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by United of Omaha Life Insurance Company in the principal amount of 5,000,000. 
 Exhibit 4.6 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.19 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by United of Omaha Life Insurance Company in the principal amount of 3,000,000. 
 Exhibit 4.7 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.20 
 3.70 Senior Note, Series 2016, dated as of August 1, 2016 purchased by Companion Life Insurance Company in the principal amount of 2,000,000. 
 Exhibit 4.8 to Form 8-K dated August 1, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.21 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated July 14, 2017 by and among Northern Utilities, Inc. and the several purchasers named therein for the 3.52 Senior Notes, Series 2017A, due November 1, 2027 and the 4.32 Senior Notes, Series 2017B, due November 1, 2047. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated July 14, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

80 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Reference 

4.22 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated July 14, 2017 by and among Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company and the several purchasers named therein for the 3.52 Senior Notes, Series 2017A, due November 1, 2027 and the 4.32 Senior Notes, Series 2017B, due November 1, 2047. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated July 14, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.23 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated July 14, 2017 by and among Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc. and the several purchasers named therein for the 3.72 Senior Notes, Series 2017A, due November 1, 2027. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated July 14, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.24 
 3.52 Senior Note, Series 2017A, due November 1, 2027, issued by Northern Utilities, Inc. to Great-West Life Annuity Insurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated November 1, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.25 
 4.32 Senior Note, Series 2017B, due November 1, 2047, issued by Northern Utilities, Inc. to The Canada Life Insurance Company of Canada. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated November 1, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.26 
 3.52 Senior Note, Series 2017A, due November 1, 2027, issued by Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company to Great-West Life Annuity Insurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K dated November 1, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.27 
 4.32 Senior Note, Series 2017B, due November 1, 2047, issued by Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company to The Great-West Life Assurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.6 to Form 8-K dated November 1, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.28 
 3.72 Senior Note, Series 2017A, due November 1, 2027, issued by Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc. to Thrivent Financial for Lutherans. 
 Exhibit 4.8 to Form 8-K dated November 1, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.29 
 Bond Purchase Agreement dated November 30, 2018 by and among Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. and the several purchasers named therein for the 30,000,000 aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, Series Q, due November 30, 2048. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated November 30, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.30 
 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated November 29, 2018 by and between Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (as trustee). 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated November 30, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.31 
 First Mortgage Bond, Series Q, 4.18 , due November 30, 2048, issued by Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. to United of Omaha Life Insurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated November 30, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.32 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated September 12, 2019 by and among Northern Utilities, Inc. and the several purchasers named therein. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated September 12, 2019 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.33 
 4.04 Senior Note, Series 2019, due September 12, 2049, issued by Northern Utilities, Inc. to Pacific Life Insurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 12, 2019 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.34 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated December 18, 2019 by and among Unitil Corporation and the several purchasers named therein. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated December 18, 2019 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.35 
 3.43 Senior Note, Series 2019, due December 18, 2029, issued by Unitil Corporation to CHIMEFISH CO, as nominee for American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated December 18, 2019 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.36 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated September 15, 2020 by and among Northern Utilities, Inc. and the several purchasers named therein. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

81 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Reference 

4.37 
 3.78 Senior Note, Series 2020, due September 15, 2040, issued by Northern Utilities, Inc. to Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.38 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated September 15, 2020 by and among Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company and the several purchasers named therein. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.39 
 3.78 Senior Note, Series 2020A, due September 15, 2040, issued by Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company to Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY. 
 Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.40 
 Bond Purchase Agreement dated September 15, 2020 by and among Unitil Energy Systems, Inc., U.S. Bank National Association (as trustee), and the several purchasers named therein. 
 Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.41 
 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated September 15, 2020 by and between Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (as trustee). 
 Exhibit 4.6 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.42 
 First Mortgage Bond, Series R, 3.58 , due September 15, 2040, issued by Unitil Energy Systems, Inc. to CUDD and CO (as nominee for Symetra Life Insurance Company). 
 Exhibit 4.7 to Form 8-K dated September 15, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.43 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 25, 2018 among Unitil Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.44 
 Amended and Restated Note issued to Bank of America, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.45 
 Amended and Restated Note issued to Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.46 
 Amended and Restated Note issued to TD Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.47 
 Loan Agreement dated December 18, 2020 between Unitil Realty Corp. and TD Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.48 to Form 10-K for 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.48 
 Mortgage and Security Agreement dated December 18, 2020 between Unitil Realty Corp. and TD Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.49 to Form 10-K for 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.49 
 Mortgage Loan Note dated December 18, 2020 issued to TD Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.50 to Form 10-K for 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.50 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 Exhibit 4.50 to Form 10-K for 2021 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.51 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated September 29, 2022 among Unitil Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders 
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated September 29, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.52 
 Second Amended and Restated Note issued to Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 29, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

4.53 
 Second Amended and Restated Note issued to TD Bank, N.A. 
 Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated September 29, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.1 
 Amended and Restated Form of Severance Agreement between the Company and the persons listed at the end of such Agreement. 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated June 19, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

82 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Reference 

10.2 
 Amended and Restated Form of Severance Agreement between the Company and the persons listed at the end of such Agreement. 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated June 19, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.3 
 Amended and Restated Form of Severance Agreement (Three-Year Term). 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.4 
 Amended and Restated Form of Severance Agreement (Two-Year Term). 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.5 
 Amended and Restated Form of Severance Agreement (Two-Year Term; Non Pension). 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.6 
 Severance Agreement dated March 23, 2020, between the Company and Daniel J. Hurstak. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated March 19, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.7 
 Severance Agreement dated July 29, 2020, between the Company and Robert B. Hevert. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated July 29, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.8 
 Amended and Restated Unitil Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan effective as of December 31, 2016. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for March 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.9 
 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.10 
 Unitil Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K dated July 25, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.11 
 Unitil Corporation Management Incentive Plan (amended and restated as of June 5, 2013). 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated June 5, 2013 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.12 
 Unitil Corporation Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Plan. 
 Appendix 1 to the Proxy Statement filed on Schedule 14A dated March 13, 2012 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.13 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Unitil Corporation Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Plan. 
 Exhibit 4.7 to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-184849 dated November 9, 2012 

10.14 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Unitil Corporation Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Plan. 
 Exhibit 4.8 to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-184849 dated November 9, 2012 

10.15 
 Unitil Corporation Tax Deferred Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2021. 
 Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K for 2021 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.16 
 Unitil Corporation Tax Deferred Savings and Investment Plan Trust Agreement. 
 Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-234391 dated October 31, 2019 

10.17 
 Unitil Corporation Incentive Plan (amended and restated as of January 26, 2015). 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for March 31, 2015 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.18 
 Employment Agreement effective April 25, 2021 between Unitil Corporation and Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 28, 2021 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

10.19 
 Unitil Corporation Compensation of Directors effective as of January 1, 2022. 
 Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K for 2021 (SEC File No. 1-8858) 

83 

Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit 
 Reference 

10.20 
 Underwriting Agreement dated August 4, 2021 among Unitil Corporation, on the one hand, and RBC Capital Markets, LLC and BofA Securities, Inc., on the other hand, for themselves and as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. 
 Exhibit 1.1 to Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021 (File No. 1-8858) 

21.1 
 Statement Re: Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 Filed herewith 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 Filed herewith 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 

31.3 
 Certification of Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 

32.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 

99.1 
 Unitil Corporation Press Release Dated February 14, 2023 Announcing Earnings For the Year Ended December 31, 2022. 
 Furnished herewith 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 Filed herewith 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 Filed herewith 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 Filed herewith 

The exhibits referred to in this column by specific designations and dates have heretofore been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission under such designations and are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K, the instrument defining the debt of the Registrant and its subsidiary, described above, has been omitted but will be furnished to the Commission upon request. 
 These exhibits represent a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 This Note or Bond (each, an Instrument is substantially identical in all material respects to other Instruments that are otherwise required to be filed as exhibits, except as to the registered payee of such Instrument, the identifying number of such Instrument, and the principal amount of such Instrument. In accordance with instruction no. 2 to Item 601 of Regulation S-K, the registrant has filed a copy of only one of such Instruments, with a schedule identifying the other Instruments omitted and setting forth the material details in which such Instruments differ from the Instrument that was filed. The registrant acknowledges that the Securities and Exchange Commission may at any time in its discretion require filing of copies of any Instruments so omitted. 
 This exhibit includes Schedule 2.01 (Commitments and Applicable Percentages). In accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, the Registrant has omitted all other schedules and exhibits. Each exhibit s table of contents includes a brief description of the subject matter of all schedules and exhibits, including the omitted schedules and exhibits. The Registrant acknowledges that it must provide a copy of any omitted schedules or exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 84 
 
 (p) Paper exhibit. 

(P) 

85 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

U NITIL C ORPORATION 

Date February 14, 2023 
 
 By 
 / S /T HOMAS P. M EISSNER , J R . 

Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/ S / T HOMAS P. M EISSNER , J R . Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 
 
 Principal Executive Officer; Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / R OBERT B. H EVERT Robert B. Hevert 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / D ANIEL J. H URSTAK Daniel J. Hurstak 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / M ICHAEL B. G REEN Michael B. Green 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / E BEN S. M OULTON Eben S. Moulton 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / E DWARD F. G ODFREY Edward F. Godfrey 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / W INFIELD S. B ROWN Winfield S. Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / N EVEEN F . A WAD Neveen F. Awad 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / D AVID A. W HITELEY David A. Whiteley 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / S UZANNE F OSTER Suzanne Foster 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / J USTINE V OGEL Justine Vogel 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/ S / M ARK H. C OLLIN Mark H. Collin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 14, 2023 

86 

<EX-21>
 2
 utl-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 The Company or the registrant has eight wholly-owned subsidiaries, seven of which are corporations organized under the laws of the State of New Hampshire: Unitil Energy Systems, Inc., Northern Utilities, Inc., Granite State Gas Transmission, Inc., Unitil Power Corp., Unitil Realty Corp., Unitil Resources, Inc. and Unitil Service Corp. The eighth, Fitchburg Gas and Electric Light Company, is organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 utl-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-258405 and 333-168394 on Form S-3 and Nos. 333-234391 and 333-184849 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Unitil Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Unitil Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unitil Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte and Touche LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 utl-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Thomas P. Meissner, Jr., certify that: 
 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unitil Corporation; 

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 
 Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 utl-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robert B. Hevert, certify that: 
 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unitil Corporation; 

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Robert B. Hevert 
 Robert B. Hevert 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 utl-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Daniel J. Hurstak, certify that: 
 
 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unitil Corporation; 

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Daniel J. Hurstak 
 Daniel J. Hurstak 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 utl-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Unitil Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned Thomas P. Meissner, Jr., Chief Executive Officer and President, Robert B. Hevert, Chief Financial Officer, and Daniel J. Hurstak, Chief Accounting Officer, certifies, to the best knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 

Thomas P. Meissner, Jr. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/s/ Robert B. Hevert 

Robert B. Hevert 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

/s/ Daniel J. Hurstak 

Daniel J. Hurstak 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 8
 utl-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99 

Exhibit 99.1 
 
 Page 1 of 6 

FOR RELEASE 
 Unitil Reports Year-End Earnings 
 
 Hampton, N.H., february 14, 2023 -- Unitil Corporation (NYSE: UTL) unitil.com today announced Net Income of 41.4 million, or 2.59 in Earnings Per Share (EPS), for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.3 million in Net Income, or 0.24 in EPS, compared to 2021.The Company s Electric and Gas GAAP Gross Margins were 73.4 million and 107.6 million, respectively, for 2022. 
 We are pleased to have delivered strong financial performance and best-in-class customer service despite the challenges facing our industry and customers in 2022, said Thomas P. Meissner, Jr., Unitil s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Looking forward, we are ready for the challenges and opportunities presented by the dramatic changes taking place in our industry, and believe our strategy and commitment to long-term sustainable growth will continue to create exceptional value for all stakeholders. 
 Electric GAAP Gross Margin was 73.4 million in 2022, an increase of 1.9 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 1.7 million and lower depreciation and amortization expense of 0.5 million, partially offset by the unfavorable effect on sales from cooler spring weather of 0.3 million when rates were not yet decoupled. 
 Electric Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure 1 was 98.8 million in 2022, an increase of 1.4 million compared with 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates and customer growth of 1.7 million, partially offset by the unfavorable effect on sales from cooler spring weather of 0.3 million when rates were not yet decoupled. 
 Electric kilowatt-hour (kWh) sales decreased 1.0 in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales to Residential customers decreased 2.0 and sales to C I customers decreased 0.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. The decreases in electric kWh sales reflect lower average usage, partially 
 
 1 The accompanying Supplemental Information more fully describes the non-GAAP financial measures used in this press release and includes a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the financial measures that the Company s management believes are the most comparable GAAP financial measures. The Supplemental Information also includes a discussion of the changes in the most comparable GAAP financial measures for the periods presented. 
 
 6 Liberty Lane West 
 Hampton, NH 03842 
 T 603.772.0775 
 unitil.com 

Page 2 of 6 
 offset by customer growth. As of December 31, 2022, the number of electric customers served increased by approximately 400 over the previous year. 
 Gas GAAP Gross Margin was 107.6 million in 2022, an increase of 7.1 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates of 9.0 million and 1.8 million from customer growth and the favorable effect of colder winter weather in 2022, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization of 3.7 million. 
 Gas Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure 1 was 143.9 million in 2022, an increase of 10.8 million compared to 2021. The increase was driven by higher rates of 9.0 million and 1.8 million from customer growth and the favorable effect of colder winter weather in 2022. 
 Gas therm sales increased 1.3 in 2022 compared to 2021. Sales to Residential customers increased 0.5 and sales to C I customers increased 1.5 in 2022 compared to 2021. The overall increase in gas therm sales reflects customer growth and colder winter weather in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the number of gas customers served increased by approximately 850 over the previous year. Based on weather data collected in the Company s gas service areas, on average there were 2.6 more Effective Degree Days (EDD) in 2022 compared to 2021, although 5.1 fewer EDD compared to normal. The Company estimates that weather-normalized gas therm sales, excluding decoupled sales, were essentially unchanged in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 Operation and Maintenance (O M) expenses increased 5.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting higher labor costs of 1.9 million, higher utility operating costs of 1.6 million, and higher professional fees of 1.5 million. 
 Depreciation and Amortization expense increased 3.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting additional depreciation associated with higher levels of utility plant in service and higher amortization of rate case costs. 
 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes increased 1.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting higher payroll taxes and higher local property taxes on higher utility plant in service. 
 Interest Expense, Net decreased 0.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflecting lower interest on long-term debt and higher interest income, on regulatory assets, partially offset by higher interest on short-term borrowings. 
 
 6 Liberty Lane West 
 Hampton, NH 03842 
 T 603.772.0775 
 unitil.com 

Page 3 of 6 
 Other Expense (Income), Net decreased 2.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting lower retirement benefit costs. 
 Federal and State Income Taxes decreased 0.3 million in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting lower taxes associated with the flowback of excess Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes. 
 In 2022, Unitil s annual common dividend was 1.56 per share, representing an unbroken record of quarterly dividend payments since trading began in Unitil s common stock. At its January 2023 meeting, the Unitil Corporation Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend on the Company s common stock of 0.405 per share, an increase of 0.015 per share on a quarterly basis, resulting in an increase in the effective annualized dividend rate to 1.62 per share from 1.56 per share. 
 The Company s earnings are seasonal and are typically higher in the first and fourth quarters when customers use natural gas for heating purposes. 
 The Company will hold a quarterly conference call to discuss fourth quarter and full year 2022 results on Tuesday, February 14, 2023, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time. This call is being webcast. This call, financial and other statistical information contained in the Company s presentation on this call, and information required by Regulation G regarding non-GAAP financial measures can be accessed in the Investor Relations section of Unitil s website, unitil.com . 
 About Unitil Corporation 
 Unitil Corporation provides energy for life by safely and reliably delivering electricity and natural gas in New England. We are committed to the communities we serve and to developing people, business practices, and technologies that lead to the delivery of dependable, more efficient energy. Unitil Corporation is a public utility holding company with operations in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. Together, Unitil s operating utilities serve approximately 108,100 electric customers and 87,500 natural gas customers. For more information about our people, technologies, and community involvement please visit unitil.com . 
 
 6 Liberty Lane West 
 Hampton, NH 03842 
 T 603.772.0775 
 unitil.com 

Page 4 of 6 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This press release may contain forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this press release are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include declarations regarding Unitil s beliefs and current expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties include the following: Unitil s regulatory environment (including regulations relating to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental matters); fluctuations in the supply of, the demand for, and the prices of, energy commodities and transmission and transportation capacity and Unitil s ability to recover energy commodity costs in its rates; customers preferred energy sources; severe storms and Unitil s ability to recover storm costs in its rates; general economic conditions; variations in weather; long-term global climate change; unforeseen or changing circumstances, which could adversely affect the reduction of company-wide direct greenhouse gas emissions; Unitil s ability to retain its existing customers and attract new customers; increased competition; and other risks detailed in Unitil's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Unitil undertakes no obligation, and does not intend, to update these forward-looking statements except as requied by law. 

For more information please contact: 

Todd Diggins Investor Relations 
 Alec O Meara Media Relations 

Phone: 603-773-6504 
 Phone: 603-773-6404 

Email: diggins@unitil.com 
 Email: omeara@unitil.com 

6 Liberty Lane West 
 Hampton, NH 03842 
 T 603.772.0775 
 unitil.com 

Page 5 of 6 
 Supplemental Information; Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company analyzes operating results using Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Electric Adjusted Gross Margin is calculated as Total Electric Operating Revenue less Cost of Electric Sales. Gas Adjusted Gross Margin is calculated as Total Gas Operating Revenues less Cost of Gas Sales. The Company s management believes Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins provide useful information to investors regarding profitability. Also, the Company s management believes Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margins are important measures to analyze revenue from the Company s ongoing operations because the approved cost of electric and gas sales are tracked, reconciled and passed through directly to customers in electric and gas tariff rates, resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in Total Electric and Gas Operating Revenue. 
 In the following tables the Company has reconciled Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margin to GAAP Gross Margin, which we believe to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure. GAAP Gross Margin is calculated as Revenue less Cost of Sales, and Depreciation and Amortization. The Company calculates Electric and Gas Adjusted Gross Margin as Revenue less Cost of Sales. The Company believes excluding Depreciation and Amortization, which are period costs and not related to volumetric sales, is a meaningful measure to inform investors of the Company s profitability from electric and gas sales in the period. 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 millions) 

Electric 
 
 Gas 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 

Total Operating Revenue 

297.9 

265.3 

--- 

563.2 

Less: Cost of Sales 

(199.1) 

(121.4) 

--- 

(320.5) 

Less: Depreciation and Amortization 

(25.4) 

(36.3) 

(0.9) 

(62.6) 

GAAP Gross Margin 

73.4 

107.6 

(0.9) 

180.1 

Depreciation and Amortization 

25.4 

36.3 

0.9 

62.6 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

98.8 

143.9 

--- 

242.7 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 millions) 

Electric 
 
 Gas 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 

Total Operating Revenue 

248.5 

224.8 

--- 

473.3 

Less: Cost of Sales 

(151.1) 

(91.7) 

--- 

(242.8) 

Less: Depreciation and Amortization 

(25.9) 

(32.6) 

(1.0) 

(59.5) 

GAAP Gross Margin 

71.5 

100.5 

(1.0) 

171.0 

Depreciation and Amortization 

25.9 

32.6 

1.0 

59.5 

Adjusted Gross Margin 

97.4 

133.1 

--- 

230.5 

6 Liberty Lane West 
 Hampton, NH 03842 
 T 603.772.0775 
 unitil.com 

Page 6 of 6 
 Selected financial data for 2022 and 2021 is presented in the following table: 

Unitil Corporation - Condensed Consolidated Financial Data 

(Millions, except Per Share data) (Unaudited) 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 

Electric kWh Sales: 

Residential 

680.5 

694.2 

(2.0 

Commercial/Industrial 

933.9 

936.8 

(0.3 

Total Electric kWh Sales 

1,614.4 

1,631.0 

(1.0 

Gas Therm Sales: 

Residential 

44.6 

44.4 

0.5 

Commercial/Industrial 

180.2 

177.5 

1.5 

Total Gas Therm Sales 

224.8 

221.9 

1.3 

Electric Revenues 

297.9 

248.5 

49.4 

Cost of Electric Sales 

199.1 

151.1 

48.0 

Electric Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure 1 ): 

98.8 

97.4 

1.4 

Gas Revenues 

265.3 

224.8 

40.5 

Cost of Gas Sales 

121.4 

91.7 

29.7 

Gas Adjusted Gross Margin (a non-GAAP financial measure 1 ): 

143.9 

133.1 

10.8 

Total Adjusted Gross Margin: (a non-GAAP financial meaure 1 ): 

242.7 

230.5 

12.2 

Operation Maintenance Expenses 

73.7 

68.7 

5.0 

Depreciation Amortization 

62.6 

59.5 

3.1 

Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 

25.9 

24.5 

1.4 

Other Expense (Income), Net 

2.4 

4.6 

(2.2) 

Interest Expense, Net 

25.5 

25.6 

(0.1) 

Income Before Income Taxes 

52.6 

47.6 

5.0 

Provision for Income Taxes 

11.2 

11.5 

(0.3) 

Net Income 

41.4 

36.1 

5.3 

Earnings Per Share 

2.59 

2.35 

0.24 

6 Liberty Lane West 
 Hampton, NH 03842 
 T 603.772.0775 
 unitil.com 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 utl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 utl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 utl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 utl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 utl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

