<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_842633_0000842633-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15039247</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284317</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2640612</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4717123</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4149242</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3014196</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000842633-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223140815
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000842633-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		144
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRIMAS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000842633
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL FORGING & STAMPINGS [3460]
		IRS NUMBER:				382687639
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10716
		FILM NUMBER:		23658759

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38505 WOODWARD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2486315400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		38505 WOODWARD AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLOOMFIELD HILLS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48304

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000842633-23-000006.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 trs-20221231.htm
 10-K

trs-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 __________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: Trading symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately billion, based upon the closing sales price of the Registrant's common stock, 0.01 par value, reported for such date on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. For purposes of this calculation only, directors, executive officers and the principal controlling shareholder or entities controlled by such controlling shareholder are deemed to be affiliates of the Registrant. 
 As of February 20, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of the Registrant's common stock, 0.01 par value, was shares. 
 Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. 

TRIMAS CORPORATION INDEX 
 Page No. Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 3 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 Supplementary Item. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 25 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 83 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 83 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 85 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 85 
 PART III. 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 86 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 86 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 86 
 PART IV. 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 89 
 Signatures 
 90 

2 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 about our financial condition, results of operations and business. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, such as may, could, should, estimate, project, forecast, intend, expect, anticipate, believe, target, plan or other comparable words, or by discussions of strategy that may involve risks and uncertainties. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results including, but not limited to: general economic and currency conditions; the severity and duration of the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic; competitive factors; market demand; our ability to realize our business strategies; our ability to identify attractive acquisition candidates, successfully integrate acquired operations or realize the intended benefits of such acquisitions; pressures on our supply chain, including availability of raw materials and inflationary pressures on raw material and energy costs, and customers; the performance of our subcontractors and suppliers; risks and uncertainties associated with intangible assets, including goodwill or other intangible asset impairment charges; risks associated with a concentrated customer base; information technology and other cyber-related risks; risks related to our international operations, including, but not limited to, risks relating to rising tensions between the United States and China; government and regulatory actions, including, without limitation, climate change legislation and other environmental regulations, as well as the impact of tariffs, quotas and surcharges; changes to fiscal and tax policies; intellectual property factors; uncertainties associated with our ability to meet customers and suppliers sustainability and environmental, social and governance ESG goals and achieve our sustainability and ESG goals in alignment with our own announced targets; litigation; contingent liabilities relating to acquisition activities; interest rate volatility; our leverage; liabilities imposed by our debt instruments; labor disputes and shortages; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts and public health crises, such as the ongoing coronavirus pandemic; the amount and timing of future dividends and/or share repurchases, which remain subject to Board approval and depend on market and other conditions; our future prospects; and other risks that are discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors." The risks described in this report are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deemed to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations or cash flows. 
 Forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our sustainability and ESG plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In addition, historical, current and forward-looking sustainability- and ESG-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 
 The cautionary statements set forth above should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to review or confirm analysts' expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. 
 We disclose important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations implied by our forward-looking statements under Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and elsewhere in this report. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributed to us or persons acting on our behalf. When we indicate that an event, condition or circumstance could or would have an adverse effect on us, we mean to include effects upon our business, financial and other conditions, results of operations, prospects and ability to service our debt. 
 
 Trademarks and Service Marks 
 We own or have rights to trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. Solely for convenience, some of the copyrights, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed without the , and symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names and domain names. The trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are, to our knowledge, the property of their respective owners. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 TriMas designs, develops and manufactures a diverse set of products primarily for the consumer products, aerospace and industrial markets through its TriMas Packaging, TriMas Aerospace and Specialty Products groups. We believe our businesses share important and distinguishing characteristics, including: well-recognized brand names in the focused markets we serve; innovative product technologies and features; customer approved processes and qualified products; strong c ash flow generation and long-term growth opportunities. Headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, TriMas has approximately 3,500 e mployees who serve our customers from 42 manufacturing and support locations in 13 c ountries. 
 During 2022, our net sales were 883.8 million, operating profit was 99.1 million, and net ca sh provided by operating activities was 72.6 million. Approximately 74 of our 2022 net sales were generated from sales in North America. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 TriMas reports its operating activities in three segments: Packaging, Aerospace and Specialty Products. Our management team believes TriMas is uniquely positioned because of a number of competitive strengths, including: 
 Well-Recognized and Established Brands. Our main brands include Rieke , Affaba Ferrari , Taplast , Rapak , Intertech and Omega Plastics (reported in Packaging); TriMas Aerospace , Monogram Aerospace Fasteners , Allfast Fastening Systems, Mac Fasteners , RSA Engineered Products, Martinic Engineering and TFI Aerospace (reported in Aerospace); and Norris Cylinder and Arrow Engine Company (reported in Specialty Products). We believe each of our go-to-market brands are well-recognized and firmly established in the focused markets we serve. We believe our brands represent high standards and a commitment to quality and service that our customers rely on, and in many cases certify or audit, when they make their sourcing decisions. 
 Innovative and Proprietary Manufacturing and Product Technologies. We believe each of our businesses is well-positioned through years of refined manufacturing know-how, innovative product development, application engineering and solutions design. We believe our manufacturing footprint and operational competencies would be difficult and costly to replicate, providing us an advantage. We continue to place a priority on investing in innovation to protect and enhance our product designs, brand names, and manufacturing processes and competencies. 
 Customer-Focused Solutions and Long-Term Customer Relationships. We work collaboratively with our customers to design new product applications that help satisfy rapidly changing preferences in the marketplace. As a recognized leader in many of our markets, customers partner with us during the design, product development and production life cycle. These ongoing relationships, often developed over decades, coupled with our expertise in innovation and application engineering, position us to win new and replacement business with our customers when they launch new products or programs. 
 Experienced Management Team. Given the range of product and process technologies within each of our businesses, TriMas' success is a function of our experienced management team. In each of our businesses, including businesses we have acquired, we have members of our leadership team that have served the vast majority of their careers, and have extensive and often times unique experience, in the industries we operate. The TriMas management team is focused and committed to continuously improving Company performance and growing shareholder value. Management compensation is tied to financial results through short-term incentive plans, long-term equity incentive programs and Company-established stock ownership guidelines. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Our Strategy 
 Guided by our experienced management team, we are focused on the following components that comprise our core strategy: 
 Leverage the TriMas Business Model. The TriMas Business Model ("TBM") serves as the platform to manage our diverse set of businesses under a common set of standards focused on driving long-term exceptional performance. Through the TBM, we set near- and long-term performance objectives and goals, and utilize a reliable communication and escalation process that provides for flexibility and adjustments if market expectations change. A key tenet of the TBM is our commitment to operational excellence and continuous improvement. We believe our operating performance will continue to benefit from the use of Kaizen as a means to drive our decision-making and investment processes. In addition to continuous improvement and goal setting, the TBM is also focused on environmental, health and safety, talent development, and flawless new product and process launches. 
 Invest in Innovation. We continue to invest in organic growth in our most compelling market segments with the highest long-term return potential. We intend to leverage our brands, expand our product offerings to current and new customers, and introduce innovative products to meet our customers' needs and help solve their challenges. We operate under a disciplined approach to defend and expand our product offerings, and grow our business over the longer term. In addition to product innovation, we also value process innovation and believe we can solidify our customer relationships using new innovative processes and manufacturing "know-how" to improve our quality, speed to develop and commercialize, sustainability and overall competitiveness, increasing customer satisfaction, as well as our performance. 
 Accelerate Growth with Strategic Acquisitions. We believe TriMas, through its relatively low debt profile and its strong free cash flow, is uniquely positioned to enhance organic growth with strategic acquisitions. Our acquisition priority is to build out the Packaging platform, continuing our initiative to increase TriMas weight in packaging-related end markets, which comprise nearl y 60 o f consolidated net sales in 2022, as well as explore opportunities to further expand our Aerospace platform. We typically seek to acquire adjacent product lines that expand our existing product offerings, gain access to new customers and end markets, expand our geographic footprint and/or capitalize on scale and cost efficiencies. 
 Drive Enhanced Cash Conversion. We leverage the TBM to drive management s decision-making processes to achieve our growth and profitability targets, as well as drive our businesses toward achieving market-leading returns and cash flow conversion. We believe establishing well-defined strategies, executing against annual goals and long-range targets, operating in a data-driven, fact-based environment, and awarding our team on annual cash flow generation will allow us to expand our free cash flow and create shareholder value. We plan to use this cash for reinvestment in our businesses, strategic acquisitions and other capital allocation actions, such as share buybacks and dividends, which we initiated in 2021. 
 Foster a Culture of Kaizen and Engagement. We believe our talented and dedicated global team is the foundation of our success. We strive to be a great employer through our demonstrated commitment to employee safety, diversity, equity and inclusion, talent development and workplace culture. We embrace the tools of Kaizen, which is predicated on engaging our employees to identify cost effective ways to improve all aspects of our businesses, throughout our manufacturing operations and support services. We also foster a culture of employee engagement to drive performance improvements, operational excellence and a sustainable future. 
 Focus on Sustainability. We view sustainability and Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") practices as important components of our culture and rooted in our core values representing who we are as a company. We proactively seek new ways to make progress in each of the four key areas of our sustainability strategy: Governance Ethics, People, Environment and Products. We believe that sustainability is broader than caring for the environment, and encompasses care for our employees, as well as the communities where we live and work. It means continuously enhancing our products and our processes to make the world a better place. We strive to incorporate the concept of sustainability into our decision-making model, and continue to increase the importance of sustainability in everything we do. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Our Businesses 
 We report the results of our operations in three segments, which had net sales and operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows: Packaging (net sales: 522.2 million; operating profit: 81.0 million), Aerospace (net sales: 188.1 million; operating profit: 8.1 million) and Specialty Products (net sales: 173.6 million; operating profit: 30.3 million). For information pertaining to the net sales and operating profit attributed to our segments, refer to Note 21, " Segment Information ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K. 
 Each of our segments is described in more detail on the following pages. 
 Packaging (59 of 2022 net sales) 
 TriMas' Packaging segment consists of TriMas Packaging, which includes the Rieke, Affaba Ferrari, Taplast, Rapak, Intertech and Omega Plastics brands. We believe TriMas Packaging is a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of specialty, highly-engineered polymeric and steel closure and dispensing systems for a range of end markets, including consumer packaging, life science and industrial markets. We manufacture high-performance, value-added products that are designed to enhance our customers ability to store, transport, process and dispense various products. 
 TriMas Packaging designs and manufactures dispensing products (including foaming pumps, lotion and hand soap pumps, sanitizer pumps, beverage dispensers, perfume sprayers, nasal sprayers and trigger sprayers), polymeric and steel caps and closures (including food lids, flip-top closures, child resistance caps, drum and pail closures and flexible spouts), polymeric jar products, and fully integrated dispensers for fill-ready, flexible bag-in-box applications, for a variety of consumer product markets including, but not limited to, the beauty and personal care, home care, food and beverage, medical, pharmaceutical and nutraceutical, as well as industrial end markets. 
 In addition, TriMas Packaging, through its December 2021 acquisition of Omega Plastics and February 2022 acquisition of Intertech, designs and manufactures complex, precision injection molded components and assemblies for applications in the life sciences end market. Our capabilities and products include prototype production molds and custom, medical-related components such as patient diagnostic test components, consumable vascular delivery, surgical devices and pharmaceutical closures. 
 TriMas Packaging has the capability of manufacturing the majority of our products in North America, Europe or Asia, which allows us to evaluate manufacturing location decisions based on customer needs, timing, cost and capacity. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe TriMas Packaging benefits from the following competitive strengths in coordination with operating under TriMas' overarching strategy: 
 Strong Product Innovation . Through a multi-layered approach to product and process innovation starting with subject matter experts, our TriMas Packaging team is focused on driving innovation across a broad range of solutions for our customers. Our New Product Development teams are also supported by our TriMas Center of Excellence, formerly called the Engineering Resource Center, located in India, to enhance our technical innovation and development. TriMas Packaging has a consistent pipeline of new products ready for launch and continues to innovate to make products more sustainable and environmentally friendly. For example, TriMas Packaging's product development programs have provided innovative and proprietary product solutions, such as the patented single-polymer Mono TM -2e pump, which features six parts, all made from one material, making it fully recyclable. We are also developing additional dispensing products made from a single-material without compromising quality, aesthetics, performance or formula compatibility, under the Singolo TM brand. In addition, TriMas Packaging recently launched tethered caps, which are caps that remain attached to a bottle or container after opening and during use to increase ease of recycling, and 53 mm and 63 mm diameter child-resistant closures ("CRC") for nutraceutical and agricultural products, which include innovative patent-pending interlocking inner/outer caps designed with less plastic, reducing our carbon footprint without compromising quality, durability or functional performance. TriMas Packaging's emphasis on highly-engineered solutions and product development has yielded numerous issued and enforceable patents, with many other patent applications pending. For example, 56 patents were filed and 46 patents were issued in 2022, related to both new and existing patent families. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Customized Solutions that Enhance Customer Relationships . A significant portion of our products have customized designs that are developed and engineered to address customer-specific technical, marketing and sustainability needs, helping to distinguish our customers products from those of their competitors. For example, the customization of specialty plastic caps, closures and dispensers including branding, unique colors, collar sizes, lining and venting results in substantial customer loyalty. TriMas Packaging has also invested in high-quality, high-performance printing capabilities for multi-color printed logos and customized designs on flat top caps and closures. The substantial investment in flexible manufacturing cells allows us to offer both short lead-times for high volume products and customization for more moderate volume orders, which provides significant advantages to our consumer packaged goods customer base. In addition, we provide customized dispensing solutions including unique pump designs, precision metering, unique colors and special collar sizes to fit our customers containers. TriMas Packaging collaborates with customers to develop innovative products that are more eco-friendly and easier to recycle. Based on our breadth of products, and engineering and production capabilities, we have achieved preferred supplier status with several customers. 
 Global Manufacturing Footprint. TriMas Packaging maintains a global network of sales, manufacturing and distribution sites, to serve our global customer base. Our customers, including larger consumer products customers, often desire supply capability and a manufacturing footprint close to their end markets which results in more efficient supply chains, reduced carbon footprint and better sustainability. In light of recent market forces that have impacted the global supply chain, we are expanding our North American manufacturing presence by launching a new, highly automated 230,000 square foot facility in New Albany, Ohio, which began ramping up in 2022. This new facility enables TriMas Packaging to shift production of a variety of products currently produced outside of the United States and provide significant incremental capacity for new business growth closer to our customers in North America as needed. To serve our customers in Asia, we have design and manufacturing capacity and offer highly engineered dispensing solutions through locations in China, India and Vietnam, and have increased our Asian market sales coverage. We have also increased our sales coverage in Europe. Our acquisitions of Affaba Ferrari in 2020, and Plastic Srl and Taplast in 2019, provided us with additional sales, design and manufacturing capacity in Europe, with additional manufacturing facilities in Italy and Slovakia. In addition, we are starting to expand our supply capabilities into South America, opening our first warehouse in Brazil in 2022. We believe TriMas Packaging's flexible footprint provides us with multiple alternatives for production to best meet customer requirements and helps mitigate the impacts of potential trade disruption. The majority of TriMas Packaging's manufacturing facilities around the world have advanced injection molding machines required to manufacture precision engineered dispensing and closure components, as well as automated, high-speed assembly equipment for multi-component products. 
 Marketing, Customers and Distribution 
 TriMas Packaging accesses its markets through direct sales to customers, as well as through leading distributors, where it has enjoyed favorable, long-standing relationships. We employ commercial teams in North America, South America, Europe and Asia. At times, we also use third-party agents and distributors in our key geographic markets, as well as agents and distributors primarily to sell to container manufacturers and to users or fillers of containers. 
 TriMas Packaging's end customers include, but are not limited to, consumer packaged goods, personal care, beauty and cosmetic, medical, pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, food and beverage, industrial, agricultural, chemical, and cleaning and sanitary supply companies. We also provide products into applications used by warehouse clubs, e-retailers and fast food retailers. We may provide products directly to the end customer, but the end customers may also specify that our products be provided to filling or packaging intermediary customers. In addition, we also provide products to major container manufacturers, and maintain a customer service center that provides technical support, as well as other technical assistance to customers. 
 TriMas Packaging has manufacturing and support facilities in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Slovakia, China, India, Vietnam and Australia. 
 Competition 
 TriMas Packaging has a broad range of products in closure, dispensing and flexible packaging systems, and therefore has various competitors in each of our product offerings. We do not believe that there is a single competitor that matches our entire product offering. Depending on the product and customers served, our competitors include Aptar, Bericap, Berry Global, Greif, Mold-Rite, Phoenix Closures, Silgan, Technocraft and other smaller private companies located in Asia. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Aerospace (21 of 2022 net sales) 
 Our Aerospace segment is comprised of TriMas Aerospace, which includes the Monogram Aerospace Fasteners Monogram ), Allfast Fastening Systems Allfast ), Mac Fasteners, RSA Engineered Products RSA ), Martinic Engineering Martinic and TFI Aerospace TFI brands. We believe TriMas Aerospace is a leading designer and manufacturer of a diverse range of products, including, but not limited to, highly-engineered fasteners, collars, blind bolts, rivets, ducting and connectors for air management systems, and other highly-engineered machined parts and components, for use in focused markets within the aerospace industry. In general, these products are customer-specific and are manufactured utilizing customer-qualified and proprietary processes. The products also satisfy rigorous customer approvals or meet unique aerospace industry standards, and as such, we believe there are a limited set of competitors. We believe our brands are well established and recognized in their markets. Each of our brands are long-term, certified suppliers of aerospace original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") or Tier 1 suppliers, and have been serving the aerospace industry for decades. 
 We provide products for commercial, business jet, and military and defense aerospace applications and platforms with sales to OEMs, supply chain distributors, maintenance, repair and overhaul ("MRO") / aftermarket providers and tier one suppliers. Our customer-specified and/or qualified products are used in production of significant long-term aircraft programs, including several Boeing and Airbus commercial jetliner programs. 
 TriMas Aerospace's product offering includes a broad line of fastener products, including permanent threaded blind bolts, solid and blind rivets, standard screws and bolts manufactured to meet NAS, MS, AN and AS standards, collars, temporary fasteners and other specialty fasteners. TriMas Aerospace also manufactures and assembles complex, highly-engineered and proprietary ducting, connectors and related products for air management systems, and other complex machine-to-print parts for aerospace applications, including auxiliary power units, as well as electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic systems. In December 2021, we acquired TFI Aerospace, a manufacturer and supplier of specialty fasteners used in a variety of applications, predominantly for the aerospace end market. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe TriMas Aerospace benefits from the following competitive strengths in coordination with operating under TriMas' overarching strategy: 
 Broad Product Portfolio of Established Brands . We believe that TriMas Aerospace is a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of broad range of engineered fasteners for the aerospace industry, as well as other complex machined components such as those used in air ducting systems. The combination of the Monogram, Allfast, Mac Fasteners and TFI brands enables TriMas Aerospace to offer a wide range of fastener products which address a broad scope of customer requirements, providing scale to customers who continue to rationalize their supply base. In several of the product categories, including rotary-actuated blind bolts and blind and solid rivets, TriMas Aerospace has a meaningful market share with well-known and established brands. The combined product sets of the Monogram, Allfast, Mac Fasteners and TFI brands uniquely position us to benefit from platform-wide supply opportunities. In addition, RSA has extensive experience in providing air ducting, connectors and flexible joints used in hot engine bleed air, anti-icing and environmental control system applications. Martinic has a reputation, with more than 40 years of experience, of specializing in the high complexity machining of castings, forgings and bar stock for leading tier-one commercial and defense aerospace OEMs. We believe that we supply products for the majority of the new airplanes manufactured by the two largest global airplane OEMs. 
 Product Innovation. We believe that TriMas Aerospace s engineering, research and development capability and new product focus are competitive advantages. For many years, TriMas Aerospace s product development programs have provided innovative and proprietary product solutions. The close working relationship between our sales and engineering teams and our customers engineering teams is key to developing future products desired and required by our customers. Our innovation teams add value by working directly with our customers to address assembly and manufacturing process challenges to increase productivity, quality, speed and efficiency, while reducing overall installed cost. TriMas Aerospace has developed new fastener products that offer a flush break upon installation and is developing and testing other fastener designs which offer improved clamping characteristics on composite structures, improved aerodynamics and enhanced installed aesthetics. One of our recent product innovations is the Composi-Lok4 fastener evolution, providing significant installed weight savings, helping to improve fuel efficiency. TriMas Aerospace has also designed the next generation temporary fastener with a significant increase in clamping force called Fastack SC (Super Clamp). TriMas Aerospace has also expanded its fastener offerings to include other fastening product applications on current aircraft, including the expansion of its suite of collar families used in traditional two-sided assembly. We believe our customer-focused approach to provide cost-effective technical solutions will drive the development of new products and create new opportunities for growth. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Leading Manufacturing Capabilities and Processes. We believe that TriMas Aerospace is a leading manufacturer of precision-engineered components for the aerospace industry. Given industry regulatory requirements, as well as customer requirements, these products are required to be manufactured within tight tolerances and specifications, often out of hard-to-work-with and exotic materials including titanium, Inconel and specialty steels. TriMas Aerospace is also capable of advanced precision computer numerical controlled ("CNC") milling, high performance CNC turning and assembly, working in a variety of metals including super alloys, stainless steel, aircraft steel alloys, carbon steel alloys and aluminum alloys. Many of TriMas Aerospace s products, facilities and manufacturing processes are required to be qualified and/or certified. Key certifications in TriMas Aerospace include: AS9100:2009 Revision D; ISO9001:2008; TSO; and NADCAP for non-destructive testing, heat treatment, wet processes and materials testing. While proprietary products and patents are important, having proprietary manufacturing processes and capabilities makes TriMas Aerospace s products difficult to replicate. The aerospace industry has strict requirements for quality and delivery, making process innovation and continuous improvement vital to TriMas Aerospace's success. We believe TriMas Aerospace s manufacturing processes, capabilities and quality focus create a competitive strength for the business. 
 Marketing, Customers and Distribution 
 TriMas Aerospace serves both OEM and aftermarket customers on a wide variety of platforms. Given the focused nature of many of our products, TriMas Aerospace relies upon a global sales and technical team that is knowledgeable of both OEM customers and the established network of independent distributors. Although the markets for fasteners are highly competitive, we provide products and services primarily for specialized applications, and compete principally on technology, quality and service. TriMas Aerospace works directly with aircraft manufacturers to develop and test new products and improve existing products. TriMas Aerospace s primary customers include OEMs, supply chain distributors, tier one suppliers and the United States government. 
 TriMas Aerospace's manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Canada. Given the nature of the components TriMas Aerospace manufactures, it can ship products efficiently to Europe, South America and Asia. 
 Competition 
 Depending on the product and customers served, our primary competitors include Ateliers de la Haute Garonne, Cherry Aerospace - Precision Castparts Corp., Howmet Aerospace, LISI Aerospace and Senior Aerospace, as well as a variety of aerospace and general industrial machined component manufacturers. We believe that we are a leader in the blind bolt market with significant market share in all blind fastener product categories in which we compete. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Specialty Products (20 of 2022 net sales) 
 Our Specialty Products segment is comprised of our Norris Cylinder and Arrow Engine Company businesses. We believe these businesses are well established and recognized in the end markets they serve. 
 TriMas' Norris Cylinder business is a leading designer, manufacturer and distributor of highly-engineered steel cylinders for use in industrial, heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("HVAC"), construction, health care and defense end markets. We believe that Norris Cylinder is a leading provider of a complete line of large, intermediate and small size, high and low-pressure steel cylinders for the transportation, storage and dispensing of compressed gases. Norris Cylinder s large high-pressure seamless gas cylinders are used principally for shipping, storing and dispensing oxygen, nitrogen, argon, helium and other compressed gases. In addition, Norris Cylinder offers a complete line of steel cylinders used to contain and dispense acetylene gas for the welding and cutting industries. Norris Cylinder's products meet the rigorous standards required by the U.S. Department of Transportation ("DOT") or International Standards Organization ("ISO"), which certifies a cylinder's adequacy to perform in specific applications. 
 Arrow Engine is a provider of natural gas powered wellhead engines, compressors and replacement parts, all engineered for use in oil and natural gas production and other industrial and commercial markets. As Arrow's engines can operate from the natural gas produced at the wellhead, we believe Arrow is uniquely positioned to provide its products for remote pump jack installations. Arrow Engine distributes its products through a worldwide distribution network, primarily focused in the United States and Canada. Arrow Engine manufactures its own engine line and also offers a wide variety of spare parts for various industrial engines not manufactured by Arrow Engine. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We believe our Specialty Products segment benefits from the following competitive strengths in coordination with operating under TriMas' overarching strategy: 
 Leading Market Positions and Strong Brand Names . With more than 70 years of experience, Norris Cylinder is one of the worlds' largest manufacturers of high- and low-pressure steel cylinders, and the only manufacturer in the United States. In 2021, Norris Cylinder became an official Made in the USA designated manufacturer, which we believe allows Norris to locally address customers' needs, while maintaining more control over lead times and quality. We believe that Norris has a reputation for high-quality cylinders used in a variety of applications, including industrial gas, welding and cutting, government, medical, laboratories, food and beverage technology, breathing air, fire protection and aviation. We believe that Arrow Engine also has also a leading market position in the niche it serves. 
 Comprehensive Product Offering . We believe that both Norris Cylinder and Arrow Engine offer a comprehensive product offering that meets their customers' needs. Norris Cylinder offers a complete line of large, intermediate and small size, high and low-pressure steel cylinders to its customers across a variety of end markets. Arrow Engine also provides a comprehensive product offering, including engines, compressors, chemical pumps, generator sets, electronics and replacement parts to a variety of oilfield and industrial markets. In addition, utilizing the tools of Kaizen, Arrow Engine developed and launched a new reduced emission EPA-certified A54-E engine platform for stationary and off-road mobile applications. 
 Established and Extensive Distribution Channels . Our Specialty Products businesses have long-standing customer relationships and distributes directly to major companies, as well as distributing to domestic buying groups, OEMs, medium and small independent companies, and independent distributors. Our long-standing supply positions in this well-established network has allowed our Specialty Products businesses to successfully navigate some of the most robust, as well as harshest, economic cycles. 
 Difficult and Costly to Replicate Manufacturing Base. Our Norris Cylinder business has locations in Longview, Texas, and Huntsville, Alabama, which have numerous forging and metalworking pieces of equipment and processes. While there are other manufacturers of steel cylinders globally, the installation of manufacturing processes and adding new capacity tends to be a lengthy process and a costly investment to implement. As such, in periods of rising demand, as we have experienced in 2021 and 2022, Norris Cylinder's installed capacity and manufacturing presence in the United States provides an advantage when compared to non-U.S. suppliers dealing with logistic constraints. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Marketing, Customers and Distribution 
 The customers of our Specialty Products segment predominantly operate in the industrial end markets, and to a lesser extent, the upstream oil and gas end markets. Given the focused nature of many of our products, we rely upon a combination of a direct sales force and an established network of distributors with familiarity of the end-users. Norris Cylinder, for example, sells directly to customers and through distributors. Our primary customers include industrial gas producers and distributors, welding equipment distributors, and equipment manufacturers. 
 The Norris Cylinder and Arrow Engine manufacturing facilities are located in the United States. 
 Competition 
 Norris Cylinder competes against Worthington, Beijing Tianhai Industry Co., Faber and Vitkovice Cylinders, but is the only steel cylinder manufacturer in the United States. Arrow Engine tends to compete against natural gas powered, lower horsepower, multi-cylinder engines from manufacturers such as Caterpillar, Chevy, Cummins and Ford industrial engines and electric motors. 
 TriMas' Acquisition Strategy 
 TriMas views the pursuit of strategic acquisitions as core to augmenting its organic growth and achieving our overarching corporate strategy. We believe TriMas is uniquely positioned to leverage our relatively low debt profile and strong free cash flow profile to identify and complete bolt-on acquisitions annually as part of our capital allocation strategy. TriMas acquisition priority is to build out our Packaging platform, continuing our initiative to increase TriMas position in packaging-related end markets, which currently comprises nearly 60 of consolidated net sales, as well as explore unique opportunities to build out our Aerospace platform. We typically seek to acquire adjacent product lines that expand our existing product offerings, gain access to new customers and end markets, expand our geographic footprint and/or capitalize on scale and cost efficiencies. From 2019 through 2022, TriMas has completed eight acquisitions and one divestiture. 
 Materials and Supply Arrangements 
 Our largest raw material purchases are for resins (such as polypropylene and polyethylene), steel, aluminum and other metal and non-metal-based purchased components. Raw materials and other supplies used in our operations are normally available from a variety of competing suppliers. In addition to raw materials, we purchase a variety of components and finished products from sources in lower-cost countries. 
 Polypropylene and polyethylene are generally commodity resins with multiple suppliers capable of providing product globally. Steel is purchased primarily from steel mills and service centers, and on a more localized basis. Changing global dynamics for steel production, supply and pricing may continue to present a challenge to our business. 
 Historically, we have experienced volatility in costs and availability of our raw material purchases and have worked with our suppliers to manage costs and disruptions in supply. We also utilize pricing programs to pass increased steel, resin and other raw material costs on to customers. Although we may experience delays in our ability to implement price increases, we have been generally able to recover such increased costs. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 3,500 people, of which 44 were located outside the United States. We have one facility, located in Commerce, California where our hourly employees operate under a collective bargaining agreement, and which represents 12 of our U.S. employees. We have five facilities outside of the United States where our employees are affiliated with work councils, which covers 48 of our non-U.S. employees. 
 We believe employee relations throughout our organization are good and we are not aware of any present active union organizing activities at any of our facilities. We cannot predict the impact of any further unionization of our workplace. Our labor agreement with the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America at our TriMas Aerospace facility in Commerce, California expires in August 2024. 
 TriMas focuses on a number of human capital resources objectives in managing its business, including our commitment to health and safety, employee engagement, diversity, equity inclusion and talent development. These human capital resources objectives, taken together, may be material to understanding our business under certain circumstances. These objectives are reinforced by our Code of Conduct, our global policies, including our Global Human Rights Policy, Diversity, Equity Inclusion Statement, and Environment, Health Safety Policy, as well as our commitment to sustainability as evidenced by our annual Sustainability Reports. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Commitment to Safety 
 Our first objective under the TBM is the health and safety of our employees, including anyone who conducts business on our behalf. The commitment to safety starts at the top levels of our organization, and as a result of our commitment, we updated and enhanced our Environment, Health Safety Policy in 2022. We believe a safe and secure workplace is fundamental to our success. TriMas is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace, and complying with applicable safety and health laws, regulations and internal requirements. We are also committed to engaging our employees to continually improve health and safety by acting upon opportunities to reduce risk and improve our safety and health performance, and offer training programs on a regular basis. TriMas maintains comprehensive safety programs focused on identifying hazards and eliminating risks that can lead to work-place injuries. 
 Employee Engagement 
 At TriMas, a commitment to continuous improvement is one of our core values and imperative to our long-term success. We embrace the tools of Kaizen and work to foster a culture of employee engagement to drive performance improvements and operational excellence. We believe that employee feedback is important which is why, in 2021 and 2022, we administered employee engagement surveys globally. We continue to work on our engagement as a company, with managers actively facilitating engagement discussions with their teams and developing action plans to ensure progress and continuous improvement. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe we are at our best when we bring together unique perspectives, experiences and ideas, and actively build diverse teams and inclusive work environments across our global locations. We believe that tapping into our employees diverse backgrounds and experiences ensures we make better decisions and supports stronger operating performance. Our goal is to foster working environments that are fair, equitable and safe, where rights are respected and everyone can achieve their full potential. Our policies and practices strive to assure equal employment and advancement opportunities for all qualified people. We also work to maintain appropriate standards of conduct in the workplace and to be sensitive to the concerns of our diverse group of employees. We strive to maintain workplaces that are free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, age, gender, gender identity and expression, genetic information, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. 
 Talent Development 
 We believe that a talented, engaged and dynamic workforce is vital to our success. We seek to hire, develop and retain individuals who embrace and thrive in our culture. Our culture is grounded in our values: Integrity, Customer-focused, Teamwork, Results-driven and Continuous Improvement. Our businesses strive to build robust talent pipelines through targeted recruitment initiatives across our global footprint. Our programs are intended to ensure seamless onboarding for our new employees. We identify and nurture talent through a culture that is designed to enable employees to succeed and grow into leadership positions. We believe that our diverse businesses and structure provide many opportunities for employees to follow their own path and advance their careers. 
 We are committed to a culture of Kaizen and operational excellence, and we provide employees with the opportunity to receive frequent performance feedback. On a regular basis throughout the year, employees have goal alignment, performance and career development discussions with their managers (via annual goal setting, mid-year and year-end performance and talent reviews). At these times, employees receive candid feedback on their performance against set objectives. These reviews evaluate each employee s strengths, skills and areas for opportunity, which are important for career development. 
 Seasonality 
 TriMas does not typically experience significant seasonal fluctuation, other than our fourth quarter, which in past years has tended to be the lowest net sales quarter of the year given holiday shutdowns by certain of our customers and other customers deferring capital spending to the following year. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Government Regulations 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, wastewater discharges, and chemical and hazardous waste management and disposal. Some of these environmental laws hold owners or operators of land or businesses liable for their own and for previous owners' or operators' releases of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes. Other environmental laws and regulations require obtaining and complying with environmental permits. To date, costs of complying with environmental, health and safety requirements have not been material. However, the nature of our operations and our long history of industrial activities at certain of our current or former facilities, as well as those acquired, could potentially result in material environmental liabilities. 
 Current environmental laws and regulations have not had a material impact on our business, capital expenditures or financial position. However, we must comply with existing and pending climate change legislation, regulation and international treaties or accords. Future events, including those relating to climate change or greenhouse gas regulation could require us to incur expenses related to the modification or curtailment of operations, installation of pollution control equipment or investigation and cleanup of contaminated sites. In addition to environmental laws and regulations, our operations are governed by variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to workplace safety and worker health, principally the Occupational Safety and Health Act and regulations thereunder. We believe that we are in material compliance with these laws and regulations and do not believe that future compliance with such laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Trade Policies and Regulations 
 Free trade laws and regulations provide certain duties and tariffs on qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. In the past few years, we have experienced higher input costs as a direct result of tariffs imposed on certain raw materials and components imported from China. In certain cases, we have passed-through these incremental costs to the customer, while in some cases we have not changed pricing to retain or expand volume, and in other cases we continue to work to install capacity in facilities where there currently is no tariff. In addition, certain of our U.S. suppliers raised prices for components in response to an overall increase in demand for domestic sources. 
 We believe that we are in material compliance with free trade laws and regulations. While there may be an impact to our financial condition as a result of changes in the amount of duties or tariffs levied on products we sell, we do not believe that costs to remain in compliance with such laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Our identified intangible assets, consisting of customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, and technology, are recorded at 188.1 million at December 31, 2022, net of accumulated amortization. The valuation of each of the identified intangibles was performed using broadly accepted valuation methodologies and techniques. 
 Customer Relationships. We have developed and maintained stable, long-term selling relationships with customer groups for specific branded products and/or focused market product offerings within each of our businesses. Useful lives assigned to customer relationship intangibles range from five to 25 years and have been estimated using historic customer retention and turnover data. Other factors considered in evaluating estimated useful lives include the diverse nature of focused markets and products of which we have significant share, how customers in these markets make purchases and these customers' position in the supply chain. We also monitor and evaluate the impact of other evolving risks including the threat of lower cost competitors and evolving technology. 
 Trademarks and Trade Names. Each of our businesses designs and manufactures products for focused markets under various trade names and trademarks (see prior discussion by reportable segment). Our trademark/trade name intangibles are well-established and considered long-lived assets that require maintenance through advertising and promotion expenditures. Because it is our practice and intent to maintain and to continue to support, develop and market these trademarks/trade names for the foreseeable future, we consider our rights in these trademarks/trade names to have an indefinite life, except as otherwise dictated by applicable law. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Technology. We hold a number of United States and foreign patents, patent applications, and proprietary product and process-oriented technologies within all three of our reportable segments. We have, and will continue to dedicate, technical resources toward the further development of our products and processes in order to maintain our competitive position in the industrial, commercial and consumer end markets that we serve. Estimated useful lives for our technology intangibles range from one to 30 years and are determined in part by any legal, regulatory or contractual provisions that limit useful life. For example, patent rights have a maximum limit of 20 years in the United States. Other factors considered include the expected use of the technology by the operating groups, the expected useful life of the product and/or product programs to which the technology relates, and the rate of technology adoption by the industry. 
 International Operations 
 Of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, 21.8 were derived from sales by our businesses located outside of the United States, and 32.8 of our long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022 were located outside of the United States. We operate manufacturing facilities in Canada, China, Germany, India, Italy, Mexico, Slovakia, the United Kingdom and Vietnam, in addition to our U.S. operations. In addition to the net sales derived from sales by our businesses located outside of the United States, we also generated 74.5 million of export sales from the United States. 
 Website Access to Company Reports 
 We use our corporate website, www.trimascorp.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, company presentations and links to our businesses' websites, as well as reinforcing our commitment to sustainability as evidenced by our Sustainability Reports. We also provide financial information on our website and post filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including our annual, quarterly, and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, our proxy statements and any amendments to those reports or statements. All such postings and filings are available under our Investors section of the website free of charge. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impact our business operations, financial results and liquidity. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Our businesses depend upon general economic conditions and we serve some customers in highly cyclical industries; as such, we may be subject to the loss of sales and margins due to an economic downturn or recession. 
 Our financial performance depends, in large part, on conditions in the markets that we serve in both the U.S. and globally. In the past, our operations have been exposed to volatility due to changes in general economic conditions or consumer preferences, recessions or adverse conditions in the markets we serve, including the impact of global pandemics, such as the coronavirus and related variants ("COVID-19"), and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. We are exposed to highly cyclical end markets for industrial goods, and to a lesser extent, aerospace and consumer products. An uncertain macro-economic and political climate could lead to reduced demand from our customers, variations in timing of sales to our customers, increased price competition for our products, increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories, uncollectible receivables, and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, all of which could impact our operating margins. If our customers are adversely affected by these factors, we may experience lower product volume orders, which could have an unfavorable impact on our revenue and operating profit. For example, a number of our consumer packaged goods customers increased their first-half 2022 orders for our products due to concerns over capacity constraints and rising inflation, and significantly reduced their orders in the back half of 2022, alerting us that they need to sell through a substantial portion of their existing inventory levels prior to placing significant additional orders. Our ability to precisely forecast the level of our customers orders is limited and can result in inefficiencies in scheduling our installed manufacturing capacity and result in sub-optimal business and financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and continues to pose risks, to our businesses, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. 
 We have been managing matters related to the global outbreak of the COVID-19, including impacts to our operations and strategic supplier-partners in Asia, as well as our manufacturing operations in Europe and North America since early 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our results of operations, and we expect it will continue to impact us in the future at varying levels. For example, sales for our dispensing and closure products used to help fight the spread of gems significantly increased in 2020 and 2021, and receded in 2022. Sales in our Aerospace segment significantly declined at the onset of the pandemic, and have increased in 2022 as air travel and new aircraft production increases. The primary impacts on our business to date have been related to (i) shifting customer demand for many of our products, including those used in cosmetic, personal care, pharmaceutical, home care, food and beverage, and industrial markets, as well as aerospace markets; (ii) delays and disruptions in the availability of and timely delivery of materials and components used in our operations, as well as increased costs for such materials and components; and (iii) reduced availability and productivity of employees. 
 The extent of the COVID-19 pandemic's effect on our operational and financial performance will depend in large part on future developments, which cannot be predicted with confidence at this time. Future developments include the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic, the actions taken to contain or mitigate its ongoing impact in the regions in which we do business, and any future impacts on widespread economic activity, including air travel. The emergence of new variants of COVID-19, evolving governmental plans to institute vaccination mandates and limited availability of vaccines in various jurisdictions create uncertainty that may impact our employees and result in labor shortages and unforeseen costs. In addition, because we cannot predict the impact that COVID-19 or other global pandemics will ultimately have, the actual impact may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this Item 1A. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Many of the markets we serve are highly competitive, which could limit sales volumes and reduce our operating margins. 
 Many of our products are sold in competitive markets. We believe that the principal points of competition in our markets are price, product quality, delivery performance, design and engineering capabilities, product development, conformity to customer specifications, customer service and effectiveness of distribution. Maintaining and improving our competitive position will require continued investment by us in manufacturing, engineering, quality standards, marketing, customer service and support of our distribution networks. We may have insufficient resources in the future to continue to make such investments and, even if we make such investments, we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position. We also face the risk of lower-cost manufacturers located in China, India and other regions competing in the markets for our products and we may be driven as a consequence of this competition to increase our investment overseas. Making overseas investments can be highly risky and we may not always realize the advantages we anticipate from any such investments. Competitive pressure may limit the volume of products that we sell and reduce our operating margins. 
 We may be unable to successfully implement our business strategies and achieve our strategic and financial objectives. 
 We have a long history of acquisitions and divestitures, and we continuously evaluate strategic opportunities and other investment activities. From time to time, we may engage in one or more strategic transactions. If we do so, it may or may not meet the intended strategic or financial objective. 
 Strategic acquisitions may require integration expense and actions that may negatively affect our results of operations and that could not have been fully anticipated beforehand. In addition, attractive strategic transaction opportunities may not be identified or pursued in the future, financing for strategic transactions may be unavailable on satisfactory terms and we may be unable to accomplish our strategic objectives in effecting a particular strategic transaction. We may encounter various risks in pursuing such strategic transactions, including the possible inability to integrate an acquired business into our operations, increased expenses, increased debt obligations to finance such strategic transactions and unanticipated problems or liabilities. 
 In addition, we may dispose of assets or businesses at a price or on terms that are less favorable than we had anticipated, or with the exclusion of assets that must be divested or run off separately. As we seek to sell or separate certain assets, equity interests or businesses, we may also encounter difficulty in finding buyers, managing interdependencies across multiple transactions and other Company initiatives, implementing separation plans or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms, which could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our strategic and financial objectives. Moreover, the effect of dispositions over time will reduce our cash flow and earnings capacity and result in a less diversified portfolio of businesses, and we will have a greater dependency on remaining businesses for our financial results. 
 Accordingly, risks related to strategic acquisitions or dispositions may result in the disruption of our ongoing business, diversion of management s attention, the failure of such transactions to be completed, or the failure to realize the financial and strategic benefits contemplated at the time of a transaction, some or all of which could materially and adversely affect our business strategy, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in our raw material or energy costs or the loss of critical suppliers could adversely affect our profitability and other financial results. 
 We are sensitive to price movements in our raw materials supply base. Our largest material purchases are for resins (such as polypropylene and polyethylene), steel, aluminum and other metal and non-metal-based purchased components. Prices for these products, along with costs for transportation and energy, fluctuate with market conditions, and have generally increased over time. For example, during 2022, we experienced increased energy costs and supply chain disruptions as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. In addition, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, the impact of cost inflationary pressure on raw materials, wage rates and freight. We have generally been able to recover such costs during 2022, as market prices have generally stabilized. We may be unable to offset the impact of future cost increases with price increases on a timely basis due to outstanding commitments to our customers, competitive considerations or our customers resistance to accepting such price increases and our financial performance could be adversely impacted. A failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with certain raw materials, component parts, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on us. To the extent there are energy supply disruptions or material fluctuations in energy costs, our margins could be materially adversely impacted. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to deliver products that satisfy customer requirements is dependent on the performance of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. 
 We rely on other companies, including subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies and production commodities included in, or used in the production of, our products. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs and penalties. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply. Any material service disruption from one of our suppliers, either due to circumstances beyond the supplier s control, such as geopolitical developments, including any potential impacts resulting from rising tensions between the United States and China, or logistical complications or operational disruptions due to weather, global climate change, earthquakes or other natural disasters, or as a result of performance problems or financial difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers or increase our operating costs. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced even greater uncertainties in the economic environment, including input cost inflation, supply chain disruptions with our subcontractors and suppliers, shortages in global markets for commodities, logistics and labor, all of which have resulted in labor and manufacturing inefficiencies given the challenges in production scheduling. 
 We have significant goodwill and intangible assets, and future impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets could have a material negative impact on our financial results. 
 At December 31, 2022, our goodwill and intangible assets were 527.9 million and represented 40.5 of our total assets. If we experience declines in sales and operating profit or do not meet our current and forecasted operating budget, we may be subject to goodwill and/or other intangible asset impairments in the future. While the fair value of our remaining goodwill exceeds its carrying value, significantly worse financial performance of our businesses, significantly different assumptions regarding future performance of our businesses or significant declines in our stock price could result in future impairment losses. Because of the significance of our goodwill and intangible assets, and based on the magnitude of historical impairment charges, any future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Our business may be exposed to risks associated with an increasingly concentrated customer base. 
 While no individual customer accounted for 10 or more of our consolidated net sales for 2022, 2021, or 2020, our customer base has become, and may further become, increasingly concentrated as a result of our strategy to focus on growing sales with existing customers in packaging end markets, or due to customer consolidations. In 2022, our Aerospace and Specialty Products segments each had customers that comprised 10 or more of its segment revenue. As a result of these factors, changes to or reductions in the buying patterns of these larger customers may expose our business and results of operations to greater volatility. For example, prior to the outbreak of COVID-19, a large commercial aircraft manufacturer announced significant production delays and/or reductions on certain of its platforms for which we provide products, which significantly impacted our sales, profit and production efficiencies compared with historical levels. 
 
 The mix and type of customers, and sales to any single customer, may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, and have a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If customers do not place orders, or they substantially reduce, delay or cancel orders, we may not be able to replace the business, which may have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, a number of our consumer packaged goods customers ordered higher levels of inventory due to concerns over capacity constraints and rising inflation in the first half of 2022, and subsequently reduced their order levels in the back-half of 2022. In addition, major customers may require that we localize manufacturing and supply capacity rather than sourcing from lower cost countries, or seek pricing, payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that are less favorable to us, which may have a negative impact on our business. The concentration of our customer base also increases our risks related to the financial condition of our customers, and the deterioration in financial condition of customers or the failure of customers to perform their obligations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent on our manufacturing facilities for the production of our highly engineered products, which subjects us to risks associated with disruptions and changing technology and manufacturing techniques that could place us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 If our manufacturing facilities become unavailable either temporarily or permanently due to weather, earthquakes or other natural disasters related to global climate change, or geopolitical developments, including any potential impacts resulting from rising tensions between the United States and China, or logistical complications or operational disruptions arising from adverse regulatory actions, acts of war, cyber-attacks, public health crises or labor disruptions, we may be unable to shift production to other facilities or to make up for lost production. For example, our Aerospace manufacturing facilities are predominately located in southern California, an area known for earthquakes, and are thus vulnerable to damage. Any new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements, satisfy our specialized manufacturing requirements and require specialized equipment. Even though we carry business interruption insurance policies, any business interruption losses could exceed the coverage available or be excluded from our insurance policies. Any disruption of our ability to operate our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we believe that our customers rigorously evaluate their suppliers on the basis of price competitiveness, product quality, reliability and timeliness of delivery, technical expertise and development capability, new product innovation, product design capability, manufacturing expertise, operational flexibility, customer service and overall management. Our success depends on our ability to continue to meet our customers changing expectations with respect to these criteria. We may be unable to install, maintain and certify equipment needed to produce products or upgrade or transition our manufacturing facilities without impacting production rates or requiring other operational efficiency measures at our facilities. We anticipate that we will remain committed to product research and development, advanced manufacturing techniques and service to remain competitive, which entails significant costs; however, we may be unable to address technological advances, implement new and more cost-effective manufacturing techniques, or introduce new or improved products, whether in existing or new markets, so as to maintain our businesses competitive positions or to grow our businesses as desired. 
 A major failure of our information systems could harm our business; increased IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, and products. 
 We depend on integrated information systems to conduct our business. While we maintain some of our critical information systems, we are also dependent on third parties to provide important services relating to, among other things, operational technology at our facilities, human resources, electronic communications and certain finance functions. We may experience operating problems with our information systems as a result of system failures, viruses, computer hackers or other causes. Any significant disruption or slowdown of our systems could cause customers to cancel orders or cause standard business processes to become inefficient or ineffective. 
 We have experienced cyber-attacks in the past and, while none of these cyber-attacks resulted in a material disruption to our business, we may experience additional cyber-attacks in the future. Increased global IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and communications. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our networks and systems remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. Furthermore, we may have little or no oversight with respect to security measures employed by third-party service providers, which may ultimately prove to be ineffective at countering threats. Depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromising of confidential information and communications, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. 
 A growing portion of our sales and earnings may be derived from international sources, which exposes us to certain risks which may adversely affect our financial results and impact our ability to service debt. 
 We have operations outside of the United States. Of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, 21.8 were derived from sales by our subsidiaries located outside of the U.S. In addition, we may expand our international operations through internal growth or acquisitions. International operations, particularly sales to emerging markets and manufacturing in non-U.S. countries, are subject to risks that are not present within U.S. markets, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 volatility of currency exchange between the U.S. dollar and currencies in international markets; 
 changes in local government regulations and policies including, but not limited to, foreign currency exchange controls or monetary policy, governmental embargoes, repatriation of earnings, expropriation of property, duty or tariff restrictions, investment limitations and tax policies; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

political and economic instability and disruptions, including labor unrest, civil strife, public health crises (including viral outbreaks such as the coronavirus), acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism; 
 legislation that regulates the use of chemicals; 
 disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"); 
 compliance with international trade laws and regulations, including export control and economic sanctions, such as anti-dumping duties; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 
 limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; 
 tax inefficiencies in repatriating cash flow from non-U.S. subsidiaries that could affect our financial results and reduce our ability to service debt; 
 reduced protection of intellectual property rights; and 
 other risks arising out of foreign sovereignty over the areas where our operations are conducted. 
 In addition, we could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws as well as export controls and economic sanction laws. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. 
 Our acquisition and disposition agreements by which we have acquired or sold companies, include indemnification provisions that may not fully protect us and may result in unexpected liabilities. 
 Certain of the agreements related to the acquisition and disposition of businesses require indemnification against certain liabilities related to the operations of the company for the previous owner. We cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and as a result we may incur unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our profitability and financial position. 
 Expectations relating to sustainability and ESG considerations could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business. 
 Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on sustainability and ESG considerations relating to businesses. We have announced certain areas of focus through information on our website, press statements and other communications, including through our Sustainability Reports, which include health and safety, environmental matters, climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital, diversity, equity and inclusion, talent development, and innovation for sustainable products. The criteria used to evaluate sustainability and ESG practices, including goals and initiatives, may continue to evolve, which could result in greater expectations and may cause us to make investments, which may be material, to satisfy new criteria. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives, or have very different views on where our sustainability and ESG focus should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. The increasing attention to sustainability could also result in reduced demand for certain of our products and/or reduced profits. If we are unable to respond effectively, investors may conclude that our sustainability and ESG policies and/or actions are inadequate. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our sustainability or ESG goals and initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international laws and regulations, meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards or accurately disclose our progress on such matters, could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory, Legal and Environmental Risks 
 Significant developments from the recent and potential changes in U.S. trade policies could have a material adverse effect on us and our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Free trade laws and regulations provide certain duties and tariffs on qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. The United States government has indicated its intent to alter its approach to international trade policy and in some cases to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries. For example, the U.S. government has implemented additional tariffs on certain goods imported from China. These tariffs, and other governmental actions relating to international trade agreements or policies, the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, or the occurrence of a trade war may adversely impact demand for our products, costs, customers, suppliers and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof and, as a result, adversely impact our business. These tariffs and actions may, directly or indirectly, lead to higher costs and cause us to increase prices to our customers which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold. For example, in the past few years, we have experienced higher input costs as a direct result of tariffs imposed on certain raw materials and components imported from China. In certain cases, we have passed-through these incremental costs to the customer, while in some cases we have not changed pricing to retain or expand volume, and in other cases we continue to work to install capacity in facilities where there currently is no tariff. In addition, certain of our U.S. suppliers raised prices for components in response to an overall increase in demand for domestic sources. It remains unclear what the U.S. or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs, international trade agreements and policies on a short-term or long-term basis. Additional changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture or purchase products could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 Compliance with and changes in tax laws, including tax reform legislation in the United States, could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to extensive tax liabilities, including federal, state and foreign income taxes and transactional taxes such as excise, sales and use, payroll, franchise, withholding and property taxes. Many tax liabilities are subject to periodic audits by taxing authorities, and such audits could subject us to additional tax as well as interest and penalties. New tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations could result in increased expenditures by us for tax liabilities in the future and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may face liability associated with the use of products for which patent ownership or other intellectual property rights are claimed. 
 We may be subject to claims or inquiries regarding alleged unauthorized use of a third party s intellectual property. An adverse outcome in any intellectual property litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to license technology or other intellectual property rights from others, require us to comply with injunctions to cease marketing or using certain products or brands, or require us to redesign, re-engineer, or re-brand certain products or packaging, any of which could affect our business, financial condition and operating results. If we are required to seek licenses under patents or other intellectual property rights of others, we may not be able to acquire these licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, the cost of responding to an intellectual property infringement claim, in terms of legal fees and expenses and the diversion of management resources, whether or not the claim is valid, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property. 
 While we believe that our patents, trademarks, know-how and other intellectual property have significant value, it is uncertain that this intellectual property or any intellectual property acquired or developed by us in the future, will provide a meaningful competitive advantage. Our patents or pending applications may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by competitors or rights granted thereunder may not provide meaningful proprietary protection. Moreover, competitors may infringe on our patents or successfully avoid them through design innovation. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to, or have the resources to, prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the U.S. The cost of protecting our intellectual property may be significant and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and future results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We may incur material losses and costs as a result of product liability, recall and warranty claims brought against us. 
 We are, from time to time, subject to a variety of claims or litigation incidental to our businesses, including demands for damages arising out of use of our products, claims relating to intellectual property matters and claims involving employment matters and commercial disputes. We currently carry insurance and maintain reserves for potential product liability claims. However, our insurance coverage may be inadequate if such claims do arise and any liability not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we have been able to obtain insurance in amounts we believe to be appropriate to cover such liability to date, our insurance premiums may increase in the future as a consequence of conditions in the insurance business generally or our situation in particular. Any such increase could result in lower operating profit or cause the need to reduce our insurance coverage. In addition, a future claim may be brought against us that could have a material adverse effect on us. Any product liability claim may also include the imposition of punitive damages, the award of which, pursuant to certain state laws, may not be covered by insurance. Our product liability insurance policies have limits that, if exceeded, may result in material costs that could have an adverse effect on our future profitability. In addition, warranty claims are generally not covered by our product liability insurance. Further, any product liability or warranty issues may adversely affect our reputation as a manufacturer of high-quality, safe products, divert management s attention, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, our former Lamons business is a party to lawsuits related to asbestos contained in gaskets formerly manufactured by it or its predecessors. While we sold the Lamons business in December 2019, we retained the asbestos-related liability exposure. Some of this litigation includes claims for punitive and consequential as well as compensatory damages. We are not able to predict the outcome of these matters given that, among other things, claims may be initially made in jurisdictions without specifying the amount sought or by simply stating the minimum or maximum permissible monetary relief, and may be amended to alter the amount sought. Of the 4,798 claims pending at December 31, 2022, 45 set forth specific amounts of damages (other than those stating the statutory minimum or maximum). See Note 16, " Commitments and Contingencies ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Total settlement costs (exclusive of defense costs) for all such cases, some of which were filed over 25 years ago, have been 12.5 million. All relief sought in the asbestos cases is monetary in nature. To date, approximately 40 of our costs related to settlement and defense of asbestos litigation have been covered by our primary insurance. Effective February 14, 2006, we entered into a coverage-in-place agreement with our first level excess carriers regarding the coverage to be provided to us for asbestos-related claims when the primary insurance is exhausted. The coverage-in-place agreement makes asbestos defense costs and indemnity insurance coverage available to us that might otherwise be disputed by the carriers and provides a methodology for the administration of such expenses. The Company's primary insurance exhausted in November 2018, and the Company is solely responsible for defense costs and indemnity payments prior to the commencement of coverage under this agreement, the duration of which would be subject to the scope of damage awards and settlements paid. During this period, we may incur significant litigation costs in defending these matters. We also may be required to incur additional defense costs and pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies in the future that could adversely affect our businesses. 
 Our business may be materially and adversely affected by compliance obligations and liabilities under environmental laws and regulations, including related to climate change. 
 We are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions, wastewater discharges and chemical and hazardous waste management and disposal. A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating introducing regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. Some of these laws hold owners or operators of land or businesses liable for their own and for previous owners or operators releases of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes. Other environmental laws and regulations require obtaining and complying with environmental permits. To date, costs of complying with environmental, health and safety requirements have not been material. However, the nature of our operations and our long history of industrial activities at certain of our current or former facilities, as well as those acquired, could potentially result in material liabilities. 
 While we must comply with existing and pending climate change legislation, regulation and international treaties or accords, current laws and regulations have not had a material impact on our business, capital expenditures or financial position. Future events, including those relating to climate change or greenhouse gas regulation, could require us to incur expenses related to fund energy efficiency activities, fees or restrictions on certain activities, the modification or curtailment of operations, installation of pollution control equipment or investigation and cleanup of contaminated sites. Any adopted future regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations, and we may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Our reputation, ability to do business, and results of operations may be impaired by legal compliance risks. 
 While we strive to maintain high standards, our internal controls and compliance systems may not always protect us from acts committed by our employees, agents, or business partners that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws or adequately protect our confidential information, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, anti-kickback and false claims rules, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering, and data privacy laws, as well as the improper use of proprietary information or social media. Any such allegations, violations of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to increased costs of compliance, could damage our reputation and could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Risks Related to our Debt and Other Financial Obligations 
 We have debt principal and interest payment requirements that may restrict our future operations and impair our ability to meet our obligations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 394.7 million of outstanding long-term debt. We are subject to variable interest rates on our revolving credit facility. Such interest rates, effective January 1, 2022, are based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, the Sterling Overnight Index Average and the Euro Short Term Rate depending upon the currency of borrowing, all plus a spread of 1.50 . The interest rate spread is based upon the leverage ratio, as defined, as of the most recent determination date. We may experience increases in our interest expense as a result of general increases in interest rate levels. In addition, we could be further impacted by changes in variable interest rates. Our reference rates under our revolving credit facility may perform differently from the historical use of U.S. dollar LIBOR, which may affect our net interest expense and require changes to our future risk, pricing and hedging strategies. We had no amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our degree of leverage and level of interest expense may have important consequences, including: 
 should our leverage increase, it may place us at a competitive disadvantage as compared with our less leveraged competitors and make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in any of our businesses; 
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate may be limited; 
 a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations will be dedicated to the payment of annual interest and future principal obligations on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, future business opportunities or obligations to pay rent in respect of our operating leases; and 
 our operations are restricted by our debt instruments, which contain certain financial and operating covenants, and those restrictions may limit, among other things, our ability to borrow money in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, rent expense or other purposes. 
 Our ability to service our debt and other obligations will depend on our future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow, and future financings may not be available to provide sufficient net proceeds, to meet these obligations or to successfully execute our business strategies. See " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. " 
 Restrictions in our debt instruments limit our ability to take certain actions and breaches thereof could impair our liquidity. 
 Our revolving credit facility and the indenture governing our senior notes contain covenants that restrict our ability to: 
 pay dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 
 incur additional indebtedness and grant liens; 
 make acquisitions and joint venture investments; and 
 sell assets. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Our debt instruments also require us to comply with financial covenants relating to, among other things, interest coverage and leverage. We may not be able to satisfy these covenants in the future or be able to pursue our strategies within the constraints of these covenants. Substantially all of the assets of our domestic subsidiaries are pledged as collateral. Borrowings under the foreign currency sub limit are secured by a pledge of the assets of the foreign subsidiary borrowers that are party to our revolving credit facility. A breach of a covenant contained in our debt instruments could result in an event of default under one or more of our debt instruments and our lease financing arrangements. Such breaches would permit the lenders to declare all amounts borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, and the commitments of such lenders to make further extensions of credit could be terminated. Each of these circumstances could materially and adversely impair our liquidity. 
 Our borrowing costs may be impacted by our credit ratings developed by various rating agencies. 
 Two major ratings agencies, Standard Poor s and Moody s, evaluate our credit profile on an ongoing basis and have each assigned ratings for our long-term debt. If our credit ratings were to decline, our ability to access certain financial markets may become limited, the perception of us in the view of our customers, suppliers and security holders may worsen and as a result, we may be adversely affected. 
 We have significant operating lease obligations and our failure to meet those obligations could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We lease many of our manufacturing and distribution branch facilities, and certain capital equipment. Our rental expense in 2022 under these operating leases was 13.9 million. A failure to pay our rental obligations would constitute a default allowing the applicable landlord to pursue any remedy available to it under applicable law, which would include taking possession of our property and, in the case of real property, evicting us. These leases are categorized as operating leases and are not considered indebtedness for purposes of our debt instruments. 
 Human Capital Risks 
 We depend on the services of key individuals and relationships, the loss of which could materially harm us. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on the efforts of our key leadership, including key operational, technical, commercial, manufacturing and financial personnel. Our business leadership teams have served a vast majority of their careers in, and are deeply experienced in, the industries we operate. Our future success will also depend on, among other factors, our ability to retain or attract other qualified personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key employees or the failure to retain or attract employees could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We may be subject to further unionization and work stoppages at our facilities or our customers may be subject to work stoppages, which could seriously impact the profitability of our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have one facility, located in Commerce, California, where our hourly employees operate under a collective bargaining agreement, and which represents 12 of our employees located in the United States. We have five facilities outside of the United States where our employees are affiliated with state-controlled or trade unions, which covers 48 of our non-U.S. employees. In 2021 we entered a three-year collective bargaining agreement with the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America at our TriMas Aerospace facility in Commerce, California, which expires in August 2024. We are not aware of any present active union organizing drives at any of our other facilities. We cannot predict the impact of any further unionization of our workplace. 
 Many of our direct or indirect customers have unionized work forces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these customers or their suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures of assembly plants where our products are utilized. In addition, organizations responsible for shipping our customers' products may be impacted by occasional strikes or other activity. Any interruption in delivery of our customers' products may reduce demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Healthcare costs for active employees may exceed projections and may negatively affect our financial results. 
 We maintain a range of healthcare benefits for our active employees pursuant to labor contracts and otherwise. Healthcare benefits for active employees are provided through comprehensive hospital, surgical and major medical benefit provisions or through health maintenance organizations, all of which are subject to various cost-sharing features. Some of these benefits are provided for in fixed amounts negotiated in labor contracts with the respective unions. If our costs under our benefit programs for active employees exceed our projections, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, foreign competitors and many domestic competitors provide fewer benefits to their employees, and this difference in cost could adversely impact our competitive position. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal manufacturing facilities range in size from approximately 10,000 square feet to approximately 255,000 square feet. Except as set forth in the table below, all of our manufacturing facilities are owned. The leases for our manufacturing facilities have terms that expire from 2023 through 2032 and are generally renewable, at our option, for various terms, provided that we are not in default under the lease agreements. Substantially all of our owned U.S. real properties are subject to liens in connection with our credit facility. TriMas' corporate executive office is located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, which is leased through February 2028. Our buildings have been generally well maintained, are in good operating condition and are adequate for current production requirements. 
 The following list sets forth the location of our principal owned and leased manufacturing and other facilities used in continuing operations and identifies the principal segment utilizing such facilities as of December 31, 2022: 
 Packaging Aerospace Specialty Products United States: Alabama Huntsville Arkansas Atkins (1) 
 Arizona Mesa (1) 
 Tolleson 
 California Irwindale (1) Rohnert Park (1) 
 City of Industry 
 Commerce (1) 
 Simi Valley (1) 
 Colorado Denver (1) 
 Illinois Woodridge (1) 
 Indiana Auburn Hamilton (1) 
 Indianapolis (1) 
 Kansas Ottawa Michigan Clinton Township (1) 
 Ohio New Albany (1) 
 Oklahoma Tulsa Texas Longview International: Canada Orangeville (1) 
 China Haining City (1) 
 Hangzhou (1) 
 Germany Neunkirchen India Baddi 
 New Delhi (1) 
 Italy Borgo San Giovanni (1) 
 Forli 
 Pieve Fissiraga (1) 
 Povolaro 
 Mexico San Miguel de Allende (1) 
 Slovakia Levice (1) 
 United Kingdom Leicester Vietnam Thu Dau Mot (1) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Represents a leased facility. All such leases are operating leases. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 16, " Commitments and Contingencies " included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Supplementary Item. Information about our Executive Officers 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following were executive officers of the Company: 
 Thomas A. Amato. Mr. Amato, age 59, was appointed the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer in July 2016. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Metaldyne, LLC, an international engineered products manufacturing company, from 2009 through 2015, and Co-President and Chief Integration Officer of Metaldyne Performance Group, a global manufacturing company formed in mid-2014 and taken public in the same year, from August 2014 through December 2015. Prior to 2009, he served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Metaldyne Corporation, a global components manufacturer, and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Asahi Tec, a publicly traded Japanese casting and forging company. Prior to this, Mr. Amato worked at MascoTech in positions of increasing responsibility, and successfully completed several acquisitions and divestitures. During this time, one of his roles was Vice President of Corporate Development for TriMas. From 1987 to 1994, Mr. Amato worked at Imperial Chemical Industries, a large multinational chemical company, as an applications development engineer and, eventually, a group leader. Mr. Amato also serves on the Board of Directors of Ametek, a publicly traded diversified industrial manufacturing company, and is appointed as its Compensation Committee Chair. 
 Scott A. Mell. Mr. Mell, age 51, was appointed the Company s Chief Financial Officer in May 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Mell served as Managing Director of recovery and transformation services for Riveron, a national business advisory firm, from October 2018 through April 2021. In his role with Riveron, Mr. Mell led projects at TriMas to support continuous improvement efforts within TriMas Packaging and Aerospace segments. Mr. Mell has more than 25 years of leadership experience providing strategic, financial and operational advisory services focused on value creation and transformational change management. Prior to Riveron, Mr. Mell served as Managing Director at Ernst Young from October 2017 to October 2018. Mr. Mell also served as Vice President of Corporate Strategy at Motus Integrated Technologies from January 2017 to October 2017. Mr. Mell has held senior leadership positions within several global consulting firms including McKinsey Company and AlixPartners. Mr. Mell s previous experience also includes serving in multiple C-suite roles for both public and privately held companies in the industrial manufacturing, aerospace and energy industries. 
 Fabio L. Matheus Salik. Mr. Salik, age 54, was appointed President of TriMas Packaging in July 2020. He has more than 20 years of global management experience working for a variety of plastic packaging companies. From 2012 to 2020, he worked for Logoplaste, a Carlyle Group-owned company which is headquartered in Portugal. In his last assignment as CEO of Americas from July 2017 to May 2020, and as Chief Operating Officer from December 2016 to July 2017, Mr. Salik had full P L responsibility for more than 20 facilities, servicing blue-chip consumer packaged goods companies including P G, Nestle, L Oreal, Dannon, Reckitt Benckiser and Henkel. Prior to his tenure at Logoplaste, he was President of Valmari, a Brazilian skincare company. He also worked for Rexam in the United States, France and Brazil, where he served in a number of roles of increasing responsibility, including positions such as Managing Director worldwide for Rexam Make Up and Managing Director worldwide for Rexam Healthcare - Primary Packaging and Prescription Divisions. 
 John P. Schaefer. Mr. Schaefer, age 51, was appointed President of TriMas Aerospace in December 2016. Previously, he served in various strategic advisory capacities for private equity firms focused in the Aerospace Defense industry. From 2010 through 2015, he served in operations and general management executive roles with TransDigm Group. Prior to his leadership roles at TransDigm, he served from 2005 through 2009 as an operating executive with Meggitt PLC. Mr. Schaefer is also a 22-year veteran and retired as a Lieutenant Colonel of the United States Marine Corps. 

25 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "TRS." As of February 20, 2023, there were 153 holders of record of our common stock. 
 In 2021, our Board of Directors declared the first dividend since our initial public offering in 2007. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, we have declared dividends of 0.04 per share of common stock each quarter, and total dividends declared and paid on common shares during 2022 and 2021 were 6.9 million and 1.7 million, respectively. Holders of common stock are entitled to dividends at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 See the discussion under Item 7, " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Note 19 to the Company's financial statements captioned " Earnings per Share," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 for TriMas common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P SmallCap 600 Capped Industrials Index. We have assumed that dividends have been reinvested and returns have been weighted-averaged based on market capitalization. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of TriMas common stock, the stocks comprising the Russell 2000 Index and the stocks comprising the S P SmallCap 600 Capped Industrials Index. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about purchases made by the Company, or on behalf of the Company by an affiliated purchaser, of shares of the Company's common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (1) 
 October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 28,231 25.47 28,231 111,938,743 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 58,400 25.04 58,400 110,476,558 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 173,303 27.59 173,303 105,694,663 Total 259,934 26.79 259,934 105,694,663 
 __________________________ 
 (1) In March 2020, the Company announced its Board of Directors had authorized the Company to increase the purchase of its common stock up to 250 million in the aggregate from its previous authorization of 150 million. The increased authorization includes the value of shares already purchased under the previous authorization. Pursuant to this share repurchase program, during the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 259,934 shares of its common stock at a cost of 7.0 million. The share repurchase program is effective and has no expiration date. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

27 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The statements in the discussion and analysis regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding the performance of our business and the other non-historical statements in the discussion and analysis are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A "Risk Factors." Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion together with Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 
 
 Introduction 
 TriMas designs, develops and manufactures a diverse set of products primarily for the consumer products, aerospace defense and industrial markets through its TriMas Packaging, TriMas Aerospace and Specialty Products groups. Our wide range of innovative products are designed and engineered to solve application-specific challenges that our customers face. We believe our businesses share important and distinguishing characteristics, including: well-recognized and leading brand names in the focused markets we serve; innovative product technologies and features; a high-degree of customer approved processes and qualifications; established distribution networks; relatively low ongoing capital investment requirements; strong cash flow conversion and long-term growth opportunities. While the majority of our revenue is in the United States, we manufacture and supply products globally to a wide range of companies. We report our business activity in three segments: Packaging, Aerospace and Specialty Products. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Reported Results 
 Our businesses and results of operations depend upon general economic conditions. We serve customers in industries that are highly competitive, cyclical and that may be significantly impacted by changes in economic or geopolitical conditions. 
 Our results of operations have been materially impacted over the past few years by macro-economic factors, first by the onset and proliferation of the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic, then further from increased energy costs and supply chain disruptions from the Russia-Ukraine conflict, and more recently by cost inflation (raw materials, wage rates and freight). These factors s ignificantly affected each of our businesses and how we operate, albeit in different ways and magnitudes. Sales in our Packaging segment for dispensing and closure products used in applications to help fight the spread of germs have experienced extreme volatility in demand, with demand spiking to record highs after the onset of the pandemic, demand abating as expected from those high levels over the past year, and in the second half of 2022 demand abruptly falling as a result of some of our large consumer goods customers' choices to rebalance on-hand inventory levels given the current macro-economic environment. Sales of certain of our industrial and aerospace-related products were significantly depressed from historical levels during 2020 and 2021, but demand has significantly increased in 2022, to where the industrial demand in our Specialty Products segment has rebounded to pre-pandemic levels, while demand in our Aerospace segment continues to increase (and more quickly than expected) as air travel has picked-up and new aircraft build rates improve. Altogether, this significant level of volatility in demand levels, input costs and supply chain availability, as well as internal labor availability, all have pressured our ability to operate efficiently and at historical margin levels. 
 Overall, 2022 net sales increased 26.7 million, or 3.1 , compared to 2021. S ales increased within our Specialty Products segment as a result of increased industrial demand and higher oil-field activity in North America. Sales also increased as a result of recent acquisitions in our Packaging and Aerospace segments, as well as from sales of products used in food and beverage markets within our Packaging segment. These factors were partially offset by an abrupt reduction in demand, which we believe is temporary, for personal care, home care and certain industrial products in the second half of 2022 in our Packaging segment, as well as unfavorable currency exchange. 
 The most significant drivers affecting our financial results in 2022 compared with 2021 , other than as directly impacted by sales changes or as a result of the labor-related availability and inefficiencies, were gains on the sale of non-core real estate, the settlement of our cross currency swaps, the impact of higher energy and other input costs, non-cash charges to update our asbestos liability to actuarial valuations , the year-over-year impact of our realignment actions , the impact of our 2021 debt refinancing activities, and the impact of a change in effective tax rates from 2021 to 2022. 
 In February 2022, we acquired Intertech Plastics LLC and related companies (collectively, "Intertech"), a manufacturer of custom injection molded products used in medical applications, as well as products and assemblies for consumer and industrial applications, for an aggregate amount of 64.1 million, net of cash acquired. Intertech, which is reported in the Company's Packaging segment, has two manufacturing facilities located in the Denver, Colorado area. Intertech contributed 28.7 million of net sales during 2022. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Omega Plastics ("Omega"), which specializes in manufacturing custom components and devices for drug delivery, diagnostic and orthopedic medical applications, as well as components for industrial applications, for an aggregate amount of 22.5 million, net of cash acquired. Omega, which is reported in the Company's Packaging segment, is located in Clinton Township, Michigan. Omega contributed 15.0 million of acquisition-related sales growth during the period January through November 2022. 
 In December 2021, we acquired TFI Aerospace ("TFI"), a manufacturer and supplier of specialty fasteners used in a variety of applications, predominately for the aerospace end market, for an aggregate amount of 11.8 million, with additional contingent consideration ranging from zero to 12.0 million to be paid based on 2023 and 2024 earnings per the purchase agreement. On the acquisition date, we recorded 3.7 million as our best estimate of fair value of the additional contingent consideration; however, based on a detailed fourth quarter 2022 review of TFI's updated forecasted operating results, the we determined the likelihood of the contingent consideration being paid was remote, and therefore reversed the liability, with such adjustment being included in other income (expense), net. TFI, which is reported in the Company's Aerospace segment, is located near Toronto, Canada. TFI contributed 4.9 million of acquisition-related sales growth during the period January through November 2022. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we sold a non-core facility in City of Industry, California for net cash proceeds of 23.3 million. The Company recognized a 17.6 million gain on the sale, which is included in the Corporate operating loss for 2022. 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we completed the sale of vacant land adjacent to our Tolleson, Arizona manufacturing facility for net cash proceeds of 5.0 million, and recognized a 4.8 million gain on the sale, which is included within our Aerospace segment. 
 In 2022, we terminated our existing cross-currency swap agreements, de-designating the swaps as net investment hedges and received 26.2 million of cash. The cross-currency swap agreements had notional amounts totaling 250.0 million, which declined to 25.0 million over various contract periods ending between October 15, 2023 and October 15, 2027. 
 We also experienced a significant increase in the cost of energy, primarily in our Europe-based operations, as well as for other input costs in 2022 compared with 2021. Energy costs began to rise during late 2021, and further increased into 2022, which we believe is primarily due to geopolitical tensions associated with the Russia-Ukraine conflict, as well as realized and expected energy supply constraints. Energy costs were more than 5 million higher in 2022 than in 2021. While these costs have begun to stabilize and even recede at the end of 2022, we expect there could be additional cost and supply chain pressures going forward as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the conflict in Eastern Europe. 
 In 2022 and 2021, we commissioned our actuary to update our asbestos study, and upon completion we recorded non-cash, pre-tax charges of 5.6 million and 1.5 million, respectively, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 We have been executing certain realignment actions in response to current and expected future end market demand, as well as for the move to our new Packaging facility in New Albany, Ohio. We recorded pre-tax facility move/consolidation and employee-related costs of 2.7 million and 2.3 million, respectively, in 2022. In 2021, we recorded pre-tax facility consolidation and employee separation costs of 3.5 million and 6.2 million, respectively. 
 In March 2021, we refinanced our long-term debt, issuing 400 million principal amount of 4.125 senior unsecured notes due April 15, 2029 ("2029 Senior Notes") at par value in a private placement offering and amending our existing credit agreement ("Credit Agreement"), extending the maturity to March 2026. We used the proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes offering to pay fees and expenses of 5.1 million related to the offering and 1.1 million related to amending the Credit Agreement. The remaining cash proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including repaying all outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings. In April 2021, we completed the refinancing, redeeming all of our outstanding senior notes due October 2025 ("2025 Senior Notes"), paying cash for the entire 300.0 million outstanding principal amount plus 7.3 million as a redemption premium. The 5.1 million of fees and expenses related to the 2029 Senior Notes were capitalized as debt issuance costs, while the 7.3 million redemption premium as well as 3.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2025 Senior Notes were expensed in the second quarter of 2021. 
 Our effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 24.5 , and 17.1 , respectively. The rate for 2022 is higher primarily as a result of the recognition of 3.0 million of deferred tax benefits in Italy during the 2021, the majority of which related to a reduction in deferred tax liabilities in connection with certain tax incentives. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Additional Key Risks that May Affect Our Reported Results 
 We have executed significant realignment actions since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, primarily in our Aerospace and Specialty Products segments, and also in certain Packaging product areas where demand has fallen. We will continue to assess further actions if required. However, as a result of the current period of macroeconomic inflation and uncertainty, the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the potential impact of such factors to our future results of operations, as well if there is an impact to TriMas' market capitalization, we may record additional cash and non-cash charges related to incremental realignment actions, asset impairments as well as for uncollectible customer account balances, excess inventory and idle production equipment. 
 Other critical factors affecting our ability to succeed include: our ability to create organic growth through product development, cross-selling and extending product-line offerings, and our ability to quickly and cost-effectively introduce and successfully launch new products; our ability to acquire and integrate companies or products that supplement existing product lines, add new distribution channels or customers, expand our geographic coverage or enable better absorption of overhead costs; our ability to manage our cost structure more efficiently via supply chain management, internal sourcing and/or purchasing of materials, selective outsourcing and/or purchasing of support functions, working capital management, and greater leverage of our administrative functions; and our ability to absorb, or recover via commercial actions, inflationary or other cost increases. 
 Our overall business does not experience significant seasonal fluctuation, other than our fourth quarter, which has tended to be the lowest net sales quarter of the year due to holiday shutdowns at certain customers or other customers deferring capital spending to the following year. Given the short-cycle nature of most of our businesses, we do not consider sales order backlog to be a material factor. A growing amount of our sales is derived from international sources, which exposes us to certain risks, including currency risks. 
 We are sensitive to price movements and availability of our raw materials supply. Our largest raw material purchases are for resins (such as polypropylene and polyethylene), steel, aluminum and other metal and non-metal-based purchased components. In addition to the pandemic and inflation-related factors affecting our 2021 and 2022 results, there has also been some volatility over the past two years as a direct and indirect result of foreign trade policy, where tariffs on certain of our commodity-based products sourced from Asia have been instituted, and certain North American suppliers have opportunistically increased their prices. We will continue to take actions to mitigate such increases, including implementing commercial pricing adjustments, resourcing to alternate suppliers and insourcing of previously sourced products to better leverage our global manufacturing footprint. Although we believe we are generally able to mitigate the impact of higher commodity costs over time, we may experience additional material costs and disruptions in supply in the future and may not be able to pass along higher costs to our customers in the form of price increases or otherwise mitigate the impacts to our operating results. 
 Although we have escalator/de-escalator clauses in commercial contracts with certain of our customers, or can modify prices based on market conditions to recover higher costs, our price increases generally lag the underlying material cost increase, and we cannot be assured of full cost recovery in the open market. If input costs increase at rapid rates, as they did during 2021, our ability to recover cost increases on a timely basis is made more difficult by the lag nature of these contracts. 
 Our Arrow Engine business in our Specialty Products segment is sensitive to the demand for natural gas and crude oil in North America. For example, demand for engine, pump jack and compressor products are impacted by active oil and gas rig counts and wellhead investment activities. Separately, oil-based commodity costs are a significant driver of raw materials and purchased components used within our Packaging segment. 
 Each year, as a core tenet of the TriMas Business Model, our businesses target cost savings from Kaizen and continuous improvement initiatives in an effort to reduce, or otherwise offset, the impact of increased input and conversion costs through increased throughput and yield rates, with a goal of at least covering inflationary and market cost increases. In addition, we continuously review our operating cost structures to ensure alignment with current market demand. 
 We continue to evaluate alternatives to redeploy the cash generated by our businesses, one of which includes returning capital to our shareholders. In 2020, our Board of Directors increased the authorization of share repurchases to a cumulative amount of 250 million. During 2022 , we purchased 1,264,088 shares of our outstanding common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 36.9 million . As of December 31, 2022 , we had 105.7 million remaining under the repurchase authorization. 
 In addition, in 2022 , we declared quarterly dividends of 0.04 per share of common stock, aggregating to dividends declared and paid on common shares during 2022 of 6.9 million. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to return capital to shareholders through the purchase of our common stock, as well as dividends, depending on market conditions and other factors. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Segment Information and Supplemental Analysis 
 The following table summarizes financial information for our three reportable segments (dollars in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2022 As a Percentage of Net Sales 2021 As a Percentage of Net Sales 2020 As a Percentage of Net Sales Net Sales Packaging 522,180 59.1 533,260 62.2 488,340 63.4 Aerospace 188,090 21.3 183,340 21.4 167,740 21.8 Specialty Products 173,560 19.6 140,510 16.4 113,890 14.8 Total 883,830 100.0 857,110 100.0 769,970 100.0 Gross Profit Packaging 137,030 26.2 145,750 27.3 142,410 29.2 Aerospace 32,240 17.1 39,970 21.8 27,020 16.1 Specialty Products 39,030 22.5 31,470 22.4 12,650 11.1 Total 208,300 23.6 217,190 25.3 182,080 23.6 Selling, General and Administrative Packaging 55,670 10.7 49,110 9.2 47,850 9.8 Aerospace 28,990 15.4 26,690 14.6 25,550 15.2 Specialty Products 8,680 5.0 8,950 6.4 7,890 6.9 Corporate expenses 37,850 N/A 37,220 N/A 53,190 N/A Total 131,190 14.8 121,970 14.2 134,480 17.5 Operating Profit (Loss) Packaging 81,000 15.5 96,490 18.1 93,990 19.2 Aerospace 8,060 4.3 13,270 7.2 (133,440) (79.6) Specialty Products 30,250 17.4 22,550 16.0 4,350 3.8 Corporate (20,250) N/A (37,220) N/A (53,190) N/A Total 99,060 11.2 95,090 11.1 (88,290) (11.5) Capital Expenditures Packaging 33,170 6.4 34,080 6.4 30,730 6.3 Aerospace 6,900 3.7 5,390 2.9 5,770 3.4 Specialty Products 5,860 3.4 5,500 3.9 3,890 3.4 Corporate 30 N/A 90 N/A 90 N/A Total 45,960 5.2 45,060 5.3 40,480 5.3 Depreciation Packaging 22,720 4.4 20,950 3.9 18,330 3.8 Aerospace 7,590 4.0 7,140 3.9 7,110 4.2 Specialty Products 3,680 2.1 3,670 2.6 3,450 3.0 Corporate 130 N/A 130 N/A 130 N/A Total 34,120 3.9 31,890 3.7 29,020 3.8 Amortization Packaging 6,620 1.3 9,550 1.8 9,270 1.9 Aerospace 12,030 6.4 11,560 6.3 11,020 6.6 Specialty Products 450 0.3 450 0.3 460 0.4 Corporate N/A N/A N/A Total 19,100 2.2 21,560 2.5 20,750 2.7 

31 

Table of Contents 

The following Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 section presents an analysis of our consolidated operating results displayed in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2022. 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The principal factors impacting us during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 were: 
 the significant level of uncertainty and volatility in the markets we serve, whether impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine conflict or other general inflationary pressures; 
 reduced sales of our Packaging segment's products used in beauty and personal care and home care applications as a result of the abatement from peak demand levels following the pandemic, as well from an abrupt second-half 2022 demand reduction from large consumer packaged goods customers due to their choice to rebalance inventory levels; 
 increases in sales in our Specialty Products segment as a result of a significant increase in industrial demand in 2022; 
 the impact of recent acquisitions, primarily Omega and TFI in December 2021, and Intertech in February 2022; 
 gains on the sale of non-core properties in City of Industry, California and Tolleson, Arizona; 
 the impact of higher energy costs; 
 expenses associated with our asbestos exposure to update the liability to recent actuarial studies; 
 realignment expenses in response to reduced end-market demand following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the impact of our debt refinancing activities; and 
 the impact of a increase in our effective tax rate from 2021 to 2022. 
 Overall, net sales increased 26.7 million, or 3.1 , to 883.8 million in 2022, as compared to 857.1 million in 2021, primarily as a result of Intertech, Omega and TFI, which collectively added 48.6 million of acquisition-related sales. Organic sales, excluding the impact of currency exchange and acquisitions, decreased 4.0 million, as increases in sales of our industrial products in our Specialty Products segment as well as for food and beverage products in our Packaging segment were more than offset by declines in dispensing products for personal and home care applications, as demand for these products abated from peak levels following the pandemic, as well as the expected decline in sales of customers' stocking orders for highly-engineered fasteners in our Aerospace segment fulfilled in 2021. In addition, net sales decreased 17.9 million due to currency exchange, as our reported results in U.S. dollars were unfavorably impacted as a result of the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies. 
 Gross profit margin (gross profit as a percentage of sales) approximated 23.6 and 25.3 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gross profit margin decreased due to a less favorable sales mix, primarily as a result of lower sales of Aerospace segment customers' stocking orders for highly-engineered fasteners, and lower fixed cost absorption from the reduction in the Packaging segment's personal care, home care and certain industrial product sales. In addition, improved recovery of resin costs in our Packaging segment was offset by higher energy costs, primarily in our European Packaging segment facilities, higher steel costs in our Specialty Products segment, labor and production inefficiencies in our Aerospace segment, and unfavorable currency exchange. 
 Operating profit margin (operating profit as a percentage of sales) approximated 11.2 and 11.1 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Operating profit increased 4.0 million, to 99.1 million in 2022, as compared to 95.1 million in 2021, primarily due to 22.4 million of gains on the sale of non-core properties in City of Industry, California and Tolleson, Arizona, improved recovery of resin costs, higher sales in our Specialty Products segment, and 4.7 million of lower realignment charges, partially offset by less favorable product sales mix, lower fixed cost absorption in our Packaging segment, 4.1 million of additional pre-tax charges related to updating our asbestos studies in 2022 compared with 2021, production inefficiencies resulting from supply chain constraints and labor volatility, and unfavorable currency exchange. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense decreased 0.4 million, to 14.1 million in 2022, as compared to 14.5 million in 2021, due to a lower effective interest rate and a decrease in our weighted average borrowings. 
 We incurred 10.5 million of debt financing and related expense in 2021, of which 10.3 million was related to expenses incurred associated with the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes and 0.2 million related to the write-off of previously capitalized deferred financing fees associated with our Credit Agreement. 
 Other income (expense) increased 3.7 million to other income of 2.7 million in 2022, from other expense of 1.0 million in 2021, primarily due to the reversal of the TFI contingent consideration liability in 2022. 
 The effective income tax rate for 2022 was 24.5 , compared to 17.1 for 2021. We recorded income tax expense of 21.5 million in 2022, as compared to income tax expense of 11.8 million in 2021. During 2022, we reported domestic and foreign pre-tax income of 56.8 million and 30.9 million, respectively, as compared to a domestic and foreign pre-tax income of 28.4 million and 40.7 million in 2021. The rate for 2022 is higher primarily as a result of the recognition of 3.0 million of deferred tax benefits in Italy during the 2021, the majority of which related to a reduction in deferred tax liabilities in connection with certain tax incentives. 
 Net income increased 8.9 million to 66.2 million in 2022, compared to a net income of 57.3 million in 2021. This increase was primarily a result of an increase in operating profit of 4.0 million, the year-over-year impact of the 10.5 million debt financing and related expenses in 2021, a 3.7 million increase in other income, as well as a decrease in interest expense of 0.4 million, partially offset by an increase in income tax expense in 2022. 
 See below for a discussion of operating results by segment. 
 
 Packaging. Net sales decreased 11.1 million, or 2.1 , to 522.2 million in 2022, as compared to 533.3 million in 2021. Acquisition-related sales growth was 43.7 million, comprised of 28.7 million of sales from our February 2022 acquisition of Intertech and 15.0 million resulting from the January through November 2022 sales of our December 2021 acquisition of Omega. Sales of products used in food and beverage markets increased by 13.9 million, primarily due to strong demand for closures, dispensers and bag-in-box packaging as the hospitality sector continues to rebound from prior COVID-19 pandemic-related shutdowns. Sales of products used in industrial markets decreased by 3.6 million, primarily as a result of lower demand for drum and pail closure products in North America. Sales of dispensing products used in personal care and home care applications decreased by 46.5 million, as COVID-19-related demand levels have abated for these products from the peak levels, as well as more recently due to further temporary lower demand from large consumer goods customers who we believe are rebalancing on-hand inventory levels given first half 2022 over-ordering to protect supply and as a result of the current macro-economic environment. Net sales decreased by 17.9 million due to currency exchange, as our reported results in U.S. dollars were unfavorably impacted as a result of the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, as compared to 2021. 
 Packaging's gross profit decreased 8.7 million to 137.0 million, or 26.2 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 145.8 million, or 27.3 of sales, in 2021. During 2021, we were impacted by 11 million of higher resin costs than we were able to recover via commercial actions. We have generally recovered such costs during 2022, as market prices have generally stabilized. Gross profit from improved material cost recovery was more than offset by 4.1 million of higher energy costs, primarily in our European manufacturing facilities, lower sales levels, as well as 5.0 million of currency exchange, as our reported results in U.S. dollars were unfavorably impacted as a result of the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies. In addition, gross profit margin declined as a result of a less favorable product sales mix and lower fixed cost absorption primarily associated with the decline in personal care, home care and industrial products. 
 Packaging's selling, general and administrative expenses increased 6.6 million to 55.7 million, or 10.7 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 49.1 million, or 9.2 of sales, in 2021, primarily due to higher ongoing selling, general and administrative costs associated with our acquisitions as we integrate them into our portfolio, as well as higher realignment costs of 1.8 million primarily related to employee-related actions. The increase was partially offset by lower intangible asset amortization expense due to certain assets becoming fully amortized as well as lower employee-related costs. 
 Packaging's operating profit decreased 15.5 million to 81.0 million, or 15.5 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 96.5 million, or 18.1 of sales, in 2021, as the impact of improved year-over-year recovery of material costs was more than offset by a less favorable product sales mix, lower fixed cost absorption, higher energy costs, higher selling, general and administrative expenses and the impact of 2.6 million of unfavorable currency exchange. 
 
 Aerospace. Net sales increased 4.8 million, or 2.6 , to 188.1 million in 2022, as compared to 183.3 million in 2021. TFI, acquired in December 2021, added 4.9 million of sales from January through November 2022. Sales of our fasteners products decreased by 0.4 million, as increases in demand for fasteners used in new aircraft builds, and market share gains, were more than offset by the expected loss of 29.4 million of sales of customers' stocking orders for highly-engineered fasteners fulfilled in 2021. Sales of our engineered components products increased by 0.3 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit within Aerospace decreased 7.7 million to 32.2 million, or 17.1 of sales, in 2022, from 40.0 million, or 21.8 of sales, in 2021, primarily due to a less favorable product sales mix in 2022, with lower sales of the customers' stocking orders for highly-engineered fasteners, as well as production inefficiencies resulting from supply chain and labor constraints. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2.3 million to 29.0 million, or 15.4 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 26.7 million, or 14.6 of sales, in 2021, primarily due to higher ongoing selling, general and administrative costs associated with our acquisition of TFI and higher employee-related costs. 
 Operating profit within Aerospace decreased 5.2 million to 8.1 million, or 4.3 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 13.3 million, or 7.2 of sales, in 2021, as the impact of a 4.8 million pre-tax gain on the sale of vacant land adjacent to the Tolleson, Arizona, manufacturing facility in 2022, as well as higher sales levels, was more than offset by a less favorable product sales mix, production inefficiencies resulting from supply chain constraints and volatility in labor availability and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Specialty Products. Net sales increased 33.1 million, or 23.5 , to 173.6 million in 2022, as compared to 140.5 million in 2021. Sales of our cylinder products increased by 19.4 million due to a higher demand for steel cylinders in North America as industrial activity continues to increase from depressed levels as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Sales of engines, compressors and related parts used in stationary power generation and assistance applications for natural gas and crude oil extraction increased by 13.7 million primarily as a result of higher oil-field activity in North America. 
 Gross profit within Specialty Products increased 7.6 million to 39.0 million, or 22.5 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 31.5 million, or 22.4 of sales, in 2021. Gross profit increased due to higher sales levels and leverage of our fixed cost footprint, partially offset by higher steel and labor costs. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses within Specialty Products decreased 0.3 million to 8.7 million, or 5.0 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 9.0 million, or 6.4 of net sales, in 2021, primarily due to lower employee-related costs. 
 Operating profit within Specialty Products increased 7.7 million to 30.3 million, or 17.4 of sales, in 2022, as compared to 22.6 million, or 16.0 of sales, in 2021, primarily due to increased sales levels. 
 
 Corporate Expenses. Corporate expenses included in operating profit consist of the following (dollars in millions): 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Corporate operating expenses 22.4 26.1 Non-cash stock compensation 9.8 9.5 Legacy (income) expenses, net 5.7 1.6 (Gain) loss on disposition of assets (17.6) Corporate expenses 20.3 37.2 
 Corporate operating loss decreased 17.0 million to 20.3 million in 2022, from 37.2 million in 2021, primarily as a result of a 17.6 million gain on the sale of a non-core facility in City of Industry, California, and a 3.7 million decrease in corporate operating expenses as a result of the realignment charges related to the corporate office legal and finance groups in 2021. These amounts were partially offset by 4.1 million of additional pre-tax non-cash charges related to updating our asbestos studies in 2022 compared with 2021. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities in 2022 were 72.6 million, as compared to 134.2 million in 2021. Significant changes in cash flows provided by operating activities and the reasons for such changes are as follows: 
 In 2022, the Company generated 109.2 million in cash flows, based on the reported net income of 66.2 million and after considering the effects of non-cash items related to depreciation, amortization, (gain) loss on dispositions of assets, changes in deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation, change in legacy liability estimate, and other operating activities. In 2021, the Company generated 139.2 million in cash flows based on the reported net income of 57.3 million and after considering the effects of similar non-cash items and debt financing and related expenses. 
 Increases in accounts receivable resulted in a use of cash of 6.7 million and 11.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increased use of cash for 2022 and 2021 is due primarily to the timing of sales and collection of cash related thereto with the periods. Days sales outstanding of receivables increased by five days through 2022, and remained relatively consistent through 2021. 
 We increased our investment in inventory by 7.0 million and 1.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our days sales in inventory increased by seven days in 2022, primarily as a result of proactively investing in certain raw materials and purchased components to protect against supply chain disruptions and potential cost increases. Our days sales in inventory decreased by nine days in 2021, through active inventory management and selling through certain inventory items that were at elevated levels at the end of 2020 due to lower demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Decreases in prepaid expenses and other assets resulted in a source of cash of 6.1 million and 5.0 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes in 2022 and 2021 are primarily as a result of the timing of payments made for income taxes and certain operating expenses. 
 Decreases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities resulted in a use of cash of 29.1 million in 2022, while increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities resulted in a source of cash of 2.1 million in 2021. Our days accounts payable on hand remained consistent through 2022 and increased by five days through 2021. Our days accounts payable on hand fluctuate primarily as a result of the timing of payments made to suppliers and the mix of vendors and related terms. 
 Net cash used for investing activities was 55.0 million and 79.2 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, we paid 64.1 million, net of cash acquired, to acquire Intertech. We invested 46.0 million in capital expenditures as we have continued our investment in growth, capacity and productivity-related capital projects. We received proceeds of 26.2 million from the termination of our cross-currency swap agreements. We also received proceeds of 28.8 million from the disposition of property and equipment, primarily related to the sale of vacant land adjacent to one of our manufacturing facilities and the sale of a non-core facility in California. During 2021, we paid 34.3 million, net of cash acquired, to acquire Omega and TFI. In 2021, we invested 45.1 million in capital expenditures and received cash from the disposition of business, property and equipment of 0.2 million. 
 Net cash used for financing activities was 46.2 million in 2022, while net cash provided by financing activities was 11.8 million in 2021. During 2022, we purchased 36.9 million of outstanding common stock, used a net cash amount of 2.4 million related to our stock compensation arrangements and paid dividends of 6.9 million. During 2021, we issued 400.0 million principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes, made net repayments of 48.6 million on our revolving credit facilities, and redeemed 300.0 million principal amount of the 2025 Senior Notes. In connection with refinancing our long-term debt, we paid 13.6 million of debt financing fees and redemption premium. We also purchased 19.1 million of outstanding common stock, used a net cash amount of 5.2 million related to our stock compensation arrangements and paid dividends of 1.7 million. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Our Debt and Other Commitments 
 In March 2021, we issued the 2029 Senior Notes in a private placement under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We used the proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes offering to pay fees and expenses of 5.1 million related to the offering and pay fees and expenses of 1.1 million related to amending our Credit Agreement. In connection with the issuance, we completed the redemption of our 2025 Senior Notes, paying 300.0 million to retire the outstanding principal amount plus 7.3 million as a redemption premium. The remaining cash proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including repaying all outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings. The 5.1 million of fees and expenses related to the 2029 Senior Notes were capitalized as debt issuance costs, while the 7.3 million redemption premium, as well as 3.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2025 Senior Notes were recorded as expense within debt financing and related expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 The 2029 Senior Notes accrue interest at a rate of 4.125 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15. The payment of principal and interest is jointly and severally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis by certain named subsidiaries of the Company. The 2029 Senior Notes are pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness and subordinated to all existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In 2022, our consolidated subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Senior Notes represented 24 of the total of guarantor and non-guarantor net sales, treating each as a consolidated group and excluding intercompany transactions between guarantor and non-guarantor subsidiaries. In addition, our non-guarantor subsidiaries represented 37 and 14 of the total guarantor and non-guarantor assets and liabilities, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, treating the guarantor and non-guarantor subsidiaries each as a consolidated group. 
 Prior to April 15, 2024, we may redeem up to 40 of the principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes at a redemption price of 104.125 of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings provided that each such redemption occurs within 90 days of the date of closing of each such equity offering. In addition, prior to April 15, 2024, we may redeem all or part of the 2029 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, plus a "make whole" premium. 
 In March 2021, we amended our Credit Agreement in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Senior Notes to extend the maturity date. We incurred fees and expenses of 1.1 million related to the amendment, all of which were capitalized as debt issuance costs. We also recorded 0.2 million of non-cash expense related to the write-off of previously capitalized deferred financing fees. The Credit Agreement consists of a 300.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, which permits borrowings denominated in specific foreign currencies, subject to a 125.0 million sub limit, maturing on March 29, 2026. 
 In November 2021, we amended the Credit Agreement to replace LIBOR with a benchmark interest rate determined based on the currency denomination of borrowings. Effective January 1, 2022, the amendment replaced the reference rate terms for U.S. dollar LIBOR borrowings to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), British pound sterling LIBOR borrowings to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and Euro LIBOR borrowings to the Euro Short Term Rate ("ESTR"), all plus a spread of 1.50 . The interest rate spread is based upon the leverage ratio, as defined, as of the most recent determination date. 
 The Credit Agreement provides for incremental revolving credit commitments in an amount not to exceed the greater of 200 million and an amount such that, after giving effect to such incremental commitments and the incurrence of any other indebtedness substantially simultaneously with the making of such commitments, the senior secured net leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, is no greater than 3.00 to 1.00. The terms and conditions of any incremental revolving credit facility commitments must be no more favorable than the existing credit facility. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Amounts drawn under our revolving credit facility fluctuate daily based upon our working capital and other ordinary course needs. Availability under our revolving credit facility depends upon, among other things, compliance with our Credit Agreement's financial covenants. Our Credit Agreement contains various negative and affirmative covenants and other requirements affecting us and our subsidiaries, including the ability to, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, incur debt, liens, mergers, investments, loans, advances, guarantee obligations, acquisitions, assets dispositions, sale-leaseback transactions, hedging agreements, dividends and other restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, restrictive agreements and amendments to charters, bylaws, and other material documents. The terms of our Credit Agreement require us and our subsidiaries to meet certain restrictive financial covenants and ratios computed quarterly, including a maximum total net leverage ratio (total consolidated indebtedness plus outstanding amounts under any accounts receivable securitization facility, less the aggregate amount of certain unrestricted cash and unrestricted permitted investments, as defined, over consolidated EBITDA, as defined) and a minimum interest expense coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA, as defined, over the sum of consolidated cash interest expense, as defined, and preferred dividends, as defined). Our permitted total net leverage ratio under the Credit Agreement is 4.00 to 1.00 as of December 31, 2022. If we were to complete an acquisition which qualifies for a Covenant Holiday Period, as defined in our Credit Agreement, then our permitted total net leverage ratio cannot exceed 4.50 to 1.00 during that period. Our actual total net leverage ratio was 1.86 to 1.00 at December 31, 2022. Our permitted interest expense coverage ratio under the Credit Agreement is 3.00 to 1.00, and our actual interest expense coverage ratio was 12.72 to 1.00 as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income, as reported, which is a GAAP measure of our operating results, to Consolidated Bank EBITDA, as defined in our Credit Agreement, for the year ended December 31, 2022. We present Consolidated Bank EBITDA to show our performance under our financial covenants. Dollars are in thousands in the below tables. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Net income 66,170 Bank stipulated adjustments: Interest expense, net (as defined) 14,110 Income tax expense 21,500 Depreciation and amortization 53,220 Non-cash compensation expense (1) 
 9,840 Other non-cash expenses or losses 570 Non-recurring expenses or costs (2) 
 9,960 Extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains or losses 5,590 Effects of purchase accounting adjustments 1,160 Business and asset dispositions (21,950) Permitted acquisitions 710 Currency gains and losses (720) Consolidated Bank EBITDA, as defined 160,160 
 December 31, 2022 Total Indebtedness, as defined 297,910 Consolidated Bank EBITDA, as defined 160,160 Actual total net leverage ratio 1.86 x Covenant requirement 4.00 x 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Interest expense, as defined 14,110 Bank stipulated adjustments: Interest income (610) Non-cash amounts attributable to amortization of financing costs (910) Total Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, as defined 12,590 
 37 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 Consolidated Bank EBITDA, as defined 160,160 Total Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, as defined 12,590 Actual interest expense coverage ratio 12.72 x Covenant requirement 3.00 x 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Non-cash compensation expenses resulting from the grant of equity awards. 
 (2) Non-recurring costs and expenses relating to diligence and transaction costs, purchase accounting costs, severance, relocation, restructuring and curtailment expenses. 
 The Credit Agreement allows issuance of letters of credit, not to exceed 40.0 million in aggregate, against revolving credit facility commitments. As of December 31, 2021, we placed cash on deposit with a financial institution to be held as cash collateral for our outstanding letters of credit; effectively, as of December 31, 2021, we had no letters of credit issued against our revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility and had 293.9 million potentially available after giving effect to 6.1 million of letters of credit issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2021, we had no amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility and had 300.0 million potentially available. Our letters of credit, or corresponding restricted cash deposits, are used for a variety of purposes, including support of certain operating lease agreements, vendor payment terms and other subsidiary operating activities, and to meet various states' requirements to self-insure workers' compensation claims, including incurred but not reported claims. Our borrowing capacity was not reduced by leverage restrictions contained in the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 We rely upon our cash flow from operations and available liquidity under our revolving credit facility to fund our debt service obligations and other contractual commitments, working capital and capital expenditure requirements. At the end of each quarter, we have historically used cash on hand from our domestic and certain foreign subsidiaries to pay down amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility, as applicable. 
 Our weighted average borrowings were 400.1 million during 2022, compared to 401.9 million during 2021, primarily due to a higher aggregate principal balance on our senior notes due to the issuance of the 2029 Senior Notes and the redemption of the 2025 Senior Notes during 2021. 
 In May 2021, we, through one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries, entered into a revolving loan facility with a borrowing capacity of 4 million. The facility is guaranteed by TriMas Corporation. There were no borrowings on this loan facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Cash management related to our revolving credit facility is centralized. We monitor our cash position and available liquidity on a daily basis and forecast our cash needs on a weekly basis within the current quarter and on a monthly basis outside the current quarter over the remainder of the year. Our business and related cash forecasts are updated monthly. 
 In considering the economic uncertainty surrounding the potential business impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic with respect to our operations, supply chains, distribution channels, and end-market customers, we took certain defensive actions during 2020 as we monitored our cash position and available liquidity. These actions included suspending our repurchase of our common stock, borrowing on our revolving credit facility, tightening our capital expenditures, advanced monitoring of our accounts receivable balances and flexing cost structures of operations expected to be most impacted by COVID-19. Given strong cash generation and our current liquidity position, we subsequently relaxed certain of these actions, choosing to further invest in capital expenditures, resume purchasing shares of our common stock and initiating a cash dividend. 
 The majority of our cash on hand as of December 31, 2022 is located within the United States, and given available funding under our revolving credit facility of 300.0 million at December 31, 2022 (after consideration of the aforementioned leverage restrictions) and based on forecasted cash sources and requirements inherent in our business plans, we believe that our liquidity and capital resources, including anticipated cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet our debt service, capital expenditure and other short-term and long-term obligation needs for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future, as well as dividends and share repurchases. 
 We are subject to variable interest rates on our revolving credit facility, which is subject to a benchmark interest rate determined based on the currency denomination of borrowings. At December 31, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding on our revolving credit facility and, therefore, no variable rate-based borrowings outstanding. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

In addition to our long-term debt, we have other cash commitments related to leases. We account for these lease transactions as operating leases, and incurred rent expense for continuing operations related thereto of 13.9 million in 2022. We continue to be party to non-cancelable leases for certain facilities we have exited as part of restructuring activities, and have entered into sublease agreements to minimize our net lease payments. We expect leasing will continue to be an available financing option to fund future capital expenditure requirements. 
 In March 2020, we announced our Board of Directors had authorized us to increase the purchase of our common stock up to 250 million in the aggregate, an increase of 100 million from the previous authorization. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we purchased 1,264,088, 596,084 and 1,582,049 shares of our outstanding common stock for 36.9 million, 19.1 million and 39.4 million, respectively. Since the initial authorization through December 31, 2022, we have purchased 5,114,903 shares of our outstanding common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 144.3 million. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to return capital to shareholders through the purchase of our common stock, depending on market conditions, including the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other factors. 
 Under various agreements, we are obligated to make future cash payments in fixed amounts. These include payments under our long-term debt agreements, rent payments required under operating lease agreements, certain benefit obligations and interest obligations on our long-term debt. The following table summarizes our material contractual cash obligations as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). 
 Payments Due by Periods Total Less than One Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years More than 5 Years Contractual and other cash obligations: Long-term debt 400,000 400,000 Operating lease obligations 55,530 9,970 16,960 14,380 14,220 Benefit obligations 14,940 1,220 2,550 2,760 8,410 Interest obligations (a) 
 107,250 16,500 33,000 33,000 24,750 Total contractual and other cash obligations 577,720 27,690 52,510 50,140 447,380 
 __________________________ 
 (a) Our Senior Notes bear interest at 4.125 . The future interest obligations calculation excludes the impact of our cross-currency swap agreements. See Note 13, " Derivative Instruments ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 The liability related to unrecognized tax benefits has been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonable estimate of the timing and amount of cash flows from future tax settlements cannot be determined. For additional information, refer to Note 22, " Income Taxes ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K. 
 
 Market Risk 
 We conduct business in various locations throughout the world and are subject to market risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies. The functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries are primarily the local currency in the country of domicile. We manage these operating activities at the local level and revenues and costs are generally denominated in local currencies; however, results of operations and assets and liabilities reported in U.S. dollars will fluctuate with changes in exchange rates between such local currencies and the U.S. dollar. 
 We use derivative financial instruments to manage currency risks associated with our procurement activities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries and the impact of currency rate volatility on our earnings. As of December 31, 2022, we were party to foreign exchange forward and swap contracts to hedge changes in foreign currency exchange rates with notional amounts of million. We also use cross-currency swap agreements to mitigate currency risks associated with the net investment in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. See Note 13, " Derivative Instruments ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 We are also subject to interest risk as it relates to our long-term debt. We have historically used interest rate swap agreements to fix the variable portion of our debt to manage this risk. See Note 13, " Derivative Instruments ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Common Stock 
 TriMas is listed in the NASDAQ Global Select Market SM . Our stock trades under the symbol "TRS." 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Credit Rating 
 We and certain of our outstanding debt obligations are rated by Standard Poor's and Moody's. On March 29, 2022, Moody's affirmed a Ba3 rating to our 2029 Senior Notes, as presented in Note 12, "Long-term Debt" included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" within this Form 10-K. Moody's also affirmed a Ba2 Corporate Family Rating and maintained its outlook as stable. On May 12, 2022, Standard Poor's affirmed a BB- rating to our 2029 Senior Notes. Standard Poor's also affirmed a BB corporate credit rating and maintained its outlook as stable. If our credit ratings were to decline, our ability to access certain financial markets may become limited, our cost of borrowings may increase, the perception of us in the view of our customers, suppliers and security holders may worsen and as a result, we may be adversely affected. 
 
 Outlook 
 Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, each of our businesses has been impacted by significant macro-economic factors. Sales in our Packaging segment for dispensing and closure products we supply that are used in applications to fight the spread of germs spiked in 2020 and early 2021, and have now abated from those peak levels in 2022. Sales in our Specialty Products segment had been depressed by low levels of industrial activity in the U.S. during 2020, but have since strongly rebounded in 2022. Sales in our Aerospace segment were significantly depressed at the onset of the pandemic and for many quarters thereafter, but demand began to significantly increase during 2022. 
 Following the pandemic and now the Russia-Ukraine conflict, there have been significant challenges in inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions, labor availability, as well as significant volatility in our customers' order patterns. We believe this period of uncertainty will continue to persist in the near-term. However, no matter the outcome of these factors, we expect to continue to mitigate, as much as practical, the impact of these challenges, executing on realignment actions and taking other proactive actions as necessary, to maintain our strong balance sheet and generate cash in support of our capital allocation strategy. 
 We believe our capital structure remains strong and that we have sufficient headroom under our financial covenants, and ample cash and available liquidity under our revolving credit facility, to meet our debt service, capital expenditure and other short-term and long-term obligations for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future, as well as fund dividends, share repurchases and bolt-on acquisitions consistent with our capital allocation strategy. 
 We expect to continue to leverage the tenets of our TriMas Business Model to manage our multi-industry businesses on a longer-term basis, to achieve our growth plans, execute continuous improvement initiatives to offset inflationary pressures, and seek lower-cost sources for input costs, all while continuously assessing the appropriateness of our manufacturing footprint and fixed-cost structure. 
 
 Impact of New Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2, " New Accounting Pronouncements ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The following discussion of accounting policies is intended to supplement the accounting policies presented in Note 3, " Summary of Significant Accounting Policies " included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on our historical experience, our evaluation of business and macroeconomic trends, and information from other outside sources, as appropriate. 
 Receivables. Receivables are presented net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 1.7 million and 1.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We monitor our exposure for credit losses and maintain adequate allowances for doubtful accounts. We determine these allowances based on our historical write-off experience and/or specific customer circumstances and provide such allowances when amounts are reasonably estimable and it is probable a loss has been incurred. Although we have been growing business with certain of our larger customers, and there has been some industry consolidation where certain of our customers are merging, we do not believe that significant credit risk exists or that we have a significant concentration of accounts receivable with a single customer or group of customers due to our diverse customer base. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," for additional information regarding risks associated with a concentrated customer base. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation is computed principally using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Annual depreciation rates are as follows: building and land/building improvements three to 40 years, and machinery and equipment, three to 15 years. Capitalized debt issuance costs are amortized over the underlying terms of the related debt securities. Customer relationship intangibles are amortized over periods ranging from five to 25 years, while technology and other intangibles are amortized over periods ranging from one to 30 years. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Definite-Lived Intangible Assets. We review, on at least a quarterly basis, the financial performance of each business unit for indicators of impairment. In reviewing for impairment indicators, we also consider events or changes in circumstances such as business prospects, customer retention, market trends, potential product obsolescence, competitive activities and other economic factors. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset group exceeds the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset group. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangibles. We assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis as of October 1, by reviewing relevant qualitative and quantitative factors. More frequent evaluations may be required if we experience changes in our business climate or as a result of other triggering events that take place. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. 
 We determine our reporting units at the individual operating segment level, or one level below, when there is discrete financial information available that is regularly reviewed by segment management for evaluating operating results. For purposes of our 2022 goodwill impairment test, we had six reporting units, four of which had goodwill, within our three reportable segments. 
 We first perform a qualitative assessment for our annual goodwill impairment test and for our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test, which involves significant use of management's judgment and assumptions to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. In conducting the qualitative assessment, we consider macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, entity and reporting unit specific events, capital markets pricing, recent fair value estimates and carrying amounts, as well as legal, regulatory, and contractual factors. These factors are all considered in reaching a conclusion about whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of the intangible assets are less than the carrying values. If we conclude that further testing is required, we would perform a quantitative valuation to estimate the fair value of our intangible assets. 
 For purposes of the 2022 annual impairment tests, based on the qualitative assessments, we determined there were no indications that the fair value of a reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset was less than its carrying amount; therefore, we determined that quantitative assessments were not required. 
 Future declines in sales and/or operating profit, declines in our stock price, or other changes in our business or the markets for our products could result in further impairments of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 Pension Benefits. We engage independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses under defined benefit pension plans, subject to the assumptions that we determine are appropriate based on historical trends, current market rates and future projections as of the measurement date. Annually, we review the actual experience compared to the most significant assumptions used and makes adjustments to the assumptions, if warranted. Discount rates are based upon an expected benefit payments duration analysis and the equivalent average yield rate for high-quality fixed-income investments. Pension benefits are funded through deposits with trustees and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon actual historical returns modified for known changes in the market and any expected change in investment policy. Certain accounting guidance, including the guidance applicable to pensions, does not require immediate recognition of the effects of a deviation between actual and assumed experience or the revision of an estimate. This approach allows the favorable and unfavorable effects that fall within an acceptable range to be netted. 
 Income Taxes. We compute income taxes using the asset and liability method, whereby deferred income taxes using current enacted tax rates are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We determine valuation allowances based on an assessment of positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis and record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount more likely than not to be realized. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. We record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Asbestos-related Matters. We accrue loss reserves for asbestos-related matters based upon an estimate of the ultimate liability for claims incurred, whether reported or not, including an estimate of future settlement costs and costs to defend. We utilize known facts and historical trends for Company-specific and general market asbestos-related activity, as well as an actuarial valuation in determining estimated required reserves which we believe are probable and reasonably estimable. Asbestos-related accruals are assessed at each balance sheet date to determine if the liability remains reasonably stated. Accruals for asbestos-related matters are included in the consolidated balance sheet in Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities. 
 Other Loss Reserves. We have other loss exposures related to insurance, litigation and environmental claims. Establishing loss reserves for these matters requires the use of estimates and judgment in regard to risk exposure and ultimate liability. We are generally party to high deductible insurance programs for losses and liabilities related principally to workers' compensation, health and welfare claims and comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability. Generally, we are responsible for up to 0.8 million per occurrence under our retention program for workers' compensation, up to 1.5 million per occurrence under our retention programs for comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability, and have a 0.4 million per occurrence stop-loss limit with respect to our self-insured group medical plan. We accrue loss reserves up to our retention amounts based upon our estimates of the ultimate liability for claims incurred, including an estimate of related litigation defense costs, and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported using actuarial assumptions about future events. We accrue for such items when such amounts are reasonably estimable and probable. We utilize known facts and historical trends, as well as actuarial valuations in determining estimated required reserves. Changes in assumptions for factors such as medical costs and actual experience could cause these estimates to change significantly. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk associated with fluctuations in commodity prices, insurable risks due to property damage, employee and liability claims, and other uncertainties in the financial and credit markets, which may impact demand for our products. 
 We conduct business in various locations throughout the world and are subject to market risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies. The functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries are primarily the local currency in the country of domicile. We manage these operating activities at the local level and revenues and costs are generally denominated in local currencies; however, results of operations and assets and liabilities reported in U.S. dollars will fluctuate with changes in exchange rates between such local currencies and the U.S. dollar. We use derivative financial instruments to manage currency risks associated with our procurement activities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries and the impact of currency rate volatility on our earnings. 
 We may also be subject to interest risk as it relates to long-term debt, for which we have historically and may prospectively employ derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of variable interest rates. See Item 7 " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " for details about our primary market risks, and the objectives and strategies used to manage these risks. Also see Note 12, " Long-term Debt, " and Note 13, " Derivative Instruments ," included in Item 8, " Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ," within this Form 10-K for additional information. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of TriMas Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TriMas Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Aerospace Fasteners Reporting Unit Refer to Notes 3 and 8 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill impairment involves a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The qualitative assessment involves significant use of management's judgment and assumptions related to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, entity and reporting unit specific events, capital markets pricing, as well as legal, regulatory, and contractual factors. The Company also considers recent valuations of its reporting units, including the difference between the most recent fair value estimate and the carrying amount. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant effect on management s conclusion about whether a quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary to estimate the fair value of its reporting units. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The Company s goodwill balance was 340 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 70 million was allocated to the Aerospace Fasteners Reporting Unit Aerospace Fasteners ). The Company concluded there were no indications that the fair value of any reporting unit was less than the carrying amount, therefore a quantitative assessment was not performed, and no impairment was recognized. 
 Given the nature of the Aerospace Fasteners operations, the assumptions used in the qualitative assessment, and the difference between the most recent fair value estimate and the carrying amount of Aerospace Fasteners, auditing management s judgments related to the impact of macroeconomic conditions, overall financial performance for Aerospace Fasteners, and capital markets pricing involved especially subjective judgment. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s qualitative evaluation of goodwill impairment for Aerospace Fasteners included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over goodwill, including those over management's judgments and assumptions related to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, entity and reporting unit specific events, capital markets pricing, and recent fair value estimates and carrying amounts. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenues and EBITDA margins by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s qualitative assessment of factors affecting revenue and EBITDA margin forecasts by comparing the forecasts to: 
 i. Historical revenues and EBITDA. 
 ii. Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 
 iii. Forecasted information included in industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies. 
 We evaluated the impact of changes in management s forecasts from the October 1, 2022, annual measurement date to December 31, 2022. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s qualitative assessment by performing the following: (1) Researching GDP growth, inflation and/or other macroeconomic variables, as well as industry growth rates; (2) Estimate industry discount rates; (3) Research and analyze valuation multiple of guideline public companies to understand valuation trends, and research trends in growth and margins in guideline public companies; and (4) Obtain information to analyze the trend of market capitalization of the entity and public peer companies. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

February 23, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 

45 

Table of Contents 

TriMas Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current portion Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Preferred stock par: Authorized shares; 
 Issued and outstanding: 
 Common stock, par: Authorized shares; 
 Issued and outstanding: shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 Paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

TriMas Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on dispositions of assets ) ) Impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets ) Operating profit (loss) ) Other expense, net: Interest expense ) ) ) Debt financing and related expenses ) Other income (expense), net ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) per share ) Weighted average common shares - basic Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Net income (loss) per share ) Weighted average common shares - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

TriMas Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Defined benefit plans (Note 17) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Derivative instruments (Note 13) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

TriMas Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities, net of acquisition impact: Impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (Gain) loss on dispositions of assets ) Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of debt issue costs Deferred income taxes ) ) Non-cash compensation expense Debt financing and related expenses Change in legacy liability estimate (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) Decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other operating activities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Cross-currency swap terminations Net proceeds from dispositions of property and equipment Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Retirement of senior notes ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Proceeds from borrowings on revolving credit facilities Repayments of borrowings on revolving credit facilities ) ) ) Debt financing fees and senior notes redemption premium ) Payments to purchase common stock ) ) ) Shares surrendered upon exercise and vesting of equity awards to cover taxes ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ) Cash and Cash Equivalents: Increase (decrease) for the year ) ) At beginning of year At end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

TriMas Corporation 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Common Stock Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Shares surrendered upon exercise and vesting of equity awards to cover taxes ) ) Non-cash compensation expense Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Purchase of common stock ) ) Shares surrendered upon exercise and vesting of equity awards to cover taxes ) ) Non-cash compensation expense Dividends declared ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Shares surrendered upon exercise and vesting of equity awards to cover taxes ) ) Non-cash compensation expense Dividends declared ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

2. 
 
 3. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company monitors its exposure for credit losses and maintains allowances for doubtful accounts based upon the Company's best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balances. The Company does not believe that significant credit risk exists due to its diverse customer base. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years, and machinery and equipment, three to years. Capitalized debt issuance costs are amortized over the underlying terms of the related debt securities. Customer relationship intangibles are amortized over periods ranging from five to years, while technology and other intangibles are amortized over periods ranging from one to years. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Definite-Lived Intangible Assets. The Company reviews, on at least a quarterly basis, the financial performance of its businesses for indicators of impairment. In reviewing for impairment indicators, the Company also considers events or changes in circumstances such as business prospects, customer retention, market trends, potential product obsolescence, competitive activities and other economic factors. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset group exceeds the future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset group. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 reporting units, of which had goodwill, within its reportable segments. 
 The Company begins its goodwill reviews by conducting a qualitative assessment, considering relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value or carrying amount of a reporting unit. Such events and circumstances can include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, entity and reporting unit specific events, and capital markets pricing. The Company considers the extent to which any identified adverse events and circumstances affect the comparison of a reporting unit's fair value with its carrying amount. The Company places more weight on the events and circumstances that most affect a reporting unit's fair value or the carrying amount of its net assets. The Company considers positive and mitigating events and circumstances that may affect its determination of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The Company also considers its most recent valuations of its reporting units, including the difference between the most recent fair value estimate and the carrying amount. Each of these factors is considered by management in reaching its conclusion about whether a quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary to estimate the fair value of its reporting units. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million per occurrence under its retention program for workers' compensation, up to million per occurrence under its retention programs for comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability, and has a million per occurrence stop-loss limit with respect to its group medical plan. Total insurance limits under these retention programs vary by year for comprehensive general, product and vehicle liability and extend to the applicable statutory limits for workers' compensation. Reserves for claims losses, including an estimate of related litigation defense costs, are recorded based upon the Company's estimates of the aggregate liability for claims incurred using actuarial assumptions about future events. Changes in assumptions for factors such as medical costs and actual experience could cause these estimates to change. 

54 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a gain of million for the year ended 2020, and are included in other expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

55 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. 
 million, net of cash acquired. Intertech is a manufacturer of custom injection molded products used in medical applications, as well as products and assemblies for consumer and industrial applications. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed included million of goodwill, million of intangible assets, million of property and equipment and million of net working capital. Intertech, which is reported in the Company's Packaging segment, has two manufacturing facilities located in the Denver, Colorado, area and historically generated million in annual revenue. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 On December 17, 2021, the Company acquired Omega Plastics ("Omega"), which specializes in manufacturing custom components and devices for drug delivery, diagnostic and orthopedic medical applications, as well as components for industrial applications, for an aggregate amount of million, net of cash acquired. Omega, which is reported in the Company's Packaging segment, is located in Clinton Township, Michigan, and historically generated million in annual revenue. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, with additional contingent consideration ranging from to million to be paid based future earnings as defined in the purchase agreement. On the acquisition date, the Company recorded million as its best estimate of fair value of the additional contingent consideration, with such estimate based on Level 3 inputs under the fair value hierarchy, as defined. TFI, which is reported in the Company's Aerospace segment, is located near Toronto, Canada and historically generated million in annual revenue. Based on a detailed fourth quarter 2022 review of TFI's updated forecasted operating results, the Company determined the likelihood of the contingent consideration being paid was remote, and therefore reversed the liability, with such adjustment being included in other income (expense), net, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 On December 15, 2020, the Company acquired Affaba Ferrari Srl ("Affaba Ferrari"), which specializes in the design, development and manufacture of precision caps and closures for food beverage and industrial product applications, for an aggregate amount of million, net of cash acquired. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed included million of goodwill, million of intangible assets, million of net working capital, million of property and equipment, and million of net deferred tax liabilities. Affaba Ferrari, which is reported in the Company's Packaging segment, operates out of a highly automated manufacturing facility and support office located in Borgo San Giovanni, Italy and historically generated million in annual revenue. 
 On April 17, 2020, the Company acquired the Rapak brand, including certain bag-in-box product lines and assets ("Rapak") for an aggregate amount of million. Rapak, which is reported in the Company's Packaging segment, has manufacturing locations in Indiana, California and Illinois, and historically generated million in annual revenue. 
 On February 27, 2020, the Company acquired RSA Engineered Products ("RSA"), a manufacturer of complex, highly-engineered and proprietary ducting, connectors and related products for air management systems used in aerospace and defense applications, for an aggregate amount of million, net of cash acquired. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed included million of goodwill, million of intangible assets, million of net working capital, million of property and equipment, and million of net deferred tax liabilities. RSA, which is reported in the Company's Aerospace segment, is located in Simi Valley, California and historically generated million in annual revenue. 
 
 5. 
 million, of which million related to facility move and consolidation costs and million was for employee-related costs. During 2022, million of these charges were included in cost of sales, million of these charges were included in selling, general and administrative expenses and million of these charges were included in net gain (loss) on dispositions of assets in the accompanying consolidated statement of income. 
 2021 Realignment Actions 
 During 2021, the Company executed certain realignment actions in response to reductions in current and expected future end market demand. First, the Company closed its Packaging segment's Union City, California, manufacturing facility, consolidating the operation into its Indianapolis, Indiana, and Woodridge, Illinois, facilities. The Company also realigned its Aerospace segment footprint, consolidating certain activities previously in its Stanton, California, facilities into its Tolleson, Arizona, facility. In addition, the Company also reorganized its corporate office legal and finance groups. The Company recorded pre-tax realignment charges of million, of which million related to facility consolidations and million were for employee separation costs. As of December 31, 2021, million of the employee separation costs had been paid. During 2021, million of these charges were included in cost of sales and million were included in selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million related to inventory reductions, primarily as a result of a strategic decision in its Arrow Engine division to narrow its product line focus. The Company also recorded non-cash charges of million related to certain production equipment removed from service given reduced demand levels. In addition, the Company reduced its employment levels given lower customer demand, incurring million in severance charges, of which million was paid by December 31, 2020. During 2020, million of these charges were included in cost of sales and million were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 6. 
 Aerospace Defense Industrial Total net sales 

7. 
 Cash - restricted (a) 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 __________________________ 
 (a) 
 
 8. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in its Aerospace Fasteners reporting unit and million in its Aerospace Engineered Products reporting unit. 
 Goodwill from acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Goodwill from acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 For the purposes of the Company's 2022, 2021 and 2020 annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests (as of October 1), the Company performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair values of the indefinite-lived intangible assets were less than the carrying values. Based on the qualitative assessment performed, the Company did not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair values of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets were less than the carrying values; therefore, a fair value calculation of the indefinite-lived intangible assets was not required for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, as a result of the significant forecast reduction in the Company's aerospace-related businesses, the Company also performed an interim quantitative assessment for the indefinite-lived intangible assets within the Aerospace segment, using the relief-from-royalty method. Significant management assumptions used under the relief-from-royalty method reflected the Company's current assessment of the risks and uncertainties associated with the aerospace industry. Upon completion of the quantitative impairment test, the Company determined that certain of its aerospace-related trade names had carrying values that exceeded their fair values, and therefore recorded impairment charges of million. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) ) Customer relationships, 15 - 25 years ) ) Total customer relationships ) ) Technology and other, 1 - 15 years ) ) Technology and other, 17 - 30 years ) ) Total technology and other ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademark/Trade names Total other intangible assets ) ) 
 Customer relationships, included in selling, general and administrative expenses Total amortization expense 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 9. 
 Work in process Raw materials Total inventories 
 
 10. 
 Building and building improvements Machinery and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense, included in selling, general and administrative expense Total depreciation expense 
 
 11. 
 High deductible insurance Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 12. 
 Debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 Senior Notes due 2029 
 In March 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding due ("2029 Senior Notes") at par value in a private placement under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Securities Act"). The Company used the proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes offering to pay fees and expenses of million related to the offering and pay fees and expenses of million related to amending its existing credit agreement. In connection with the issuance, the Company completed the redemption of its outstanding senior notes due October 15, 2025 ("2025 Senior Notes"), paying million to retire the outstanding principal amount plus million as a redemption premium. The remaining cash proceeds from the 2029 Senior Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including repaying all outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings. The million of fees and expenses related to the 2029 Senior Notes were capitalized as debt issuance costs, while the million redemption premium, as well as million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the 2025 Senior Notes, were included in debt financing and related expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 The 2029 Senior Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15. The payment of principal and interest is jointly and severally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by certain subsidiaries of the Company. The 2029 Senior Notes are pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness and effectively subordinated to all existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. 
 Prior to April 15, 2024, the Company may redeem up to of the principal amount of the 2029 Senior Notes at a redemption price of of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings provided that each such redemption occurs within 90 days of the date of closing of each such equity offering. In addition, prior to April 15, 2024, the Company may redeem all or part of the 2029 Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the redemption date, plus a "make whole" premium. 
 2025 2026 and thereafter 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 In September 2017, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its 2025 Senior Notes at par value in a private placement under Rule 144A of the Securities Act. During the second quarter of 2021, and in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Senior Notes, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding 2025 Senior Notes, as permitted under the indenture, at a price of of the principal amount. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million related to the amendment, all of which was capitalized as debt issuance costs. The Company also recorded million of non-cash expense related to the write-off of previously capitalized deferred financing fees. The Credit Agreement consists of a million senior secured revolving credit facility, which permits borrowings denominated in specific foreign currencies, subject to a million sub limit, maturing on . 
 In November 2021, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to replace LIBOR with a benchmark interest rate determined based on the currency denomination of borrowings. Effective January 1, 2022, the amendment replaced the reference rate terms for U.S. dollar LIBOR borrowings to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), British pound sterling LIBOR borrowings to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and Euro LIBOR borrowings to the Euro Short Term Rate ("ESTR"), all plus a spread of . The interest rate spread is based upon the leverage ratio, as defined, as of the most recent determination date. 
 The Credit Agreement also provides incremental revolving credit facility commitments in an amount not to exceed the greater of million and an amount such that, after giving effect to such incremental commitments and the incurrence of any other indebtedness substantially simultaneously with the making of such commitments, the senior secured net leverage ratio, as defined, is no greater than to 1.00. The terms and conditions of any incremental revolving credit facility commitments must be no more favorable than the existing credit facility. 
 The Company's revolving credit facility allows for the issuance of letters of credit, not to exceed million in aggregate. As of December 31, 2021 the Company placed cash on deposit with a financial institution to be held as cash collateral for the Company's outstanding letters of credit; effectively, as of December 31, 2021, the Company had letters of credit issued against its revolving credit facility. See Note 7, " Cash and Cash Equivalents ," for further information on its cash deposits. At December 31, 2022, the Company had amounts outstanding under its revolving credit facility and had million potentially available after giving effect to million of letters of credit issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2021, the Company had amounts outstanding under its revolving credit facility and had million potentially available. The Company's borrowing capacity was not reduced by leverage restrictions contained in the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The debt under the Credit Agreement is an obligation of the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries and is secured by substantially all of the assets of such parties. Borrowings under the million (equivalent) foreign currency sub limit of the million senior secured revolving credit facility are secured by a cross-guarantee amongst, and a pledge of the assets of, the foreign subsidiary borrowers that are a party to the agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains various negative and affirmative covenants and other requirements affecting the Company and its subsidiaries, including the ability to, subject to certain exceptions and limitations, incur debt, liens, mergers, investments, loans, advances, guarantee obligations, acquisitions, assets dispositions, sale-leaseback transactions, hedging agreements, dividends and other restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, restrictive agreements and amendments to charters, bylaws, and other material documents. The terms of the Credit Agreement also require the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to meet certain restrictive financial covenants and ratios computed quarterly, including a maximum total net leverage ratio (total consolidated indebtedness plus outstanding amounts under any accounts receivable securitization facility, less the aggregate amount of certain unrestricted cash and unrestricted permitted investments, as defined, over consolidated EBITDA, as defined), a maximum senior secured net leverage ratio (total consolidated senior secured indebtedness, less the aggregate amount of certain unrestricted cash and unrestricted permitted investments, as defined, over consolidated EBITDA, as defined) and a minimum interest expense coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA, as defined, over the sum of consolidated cash interest expense, as defined, and preferred dividends, as defined). At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. 
 Other Revolving Loan Facility 
 In May 2021, the Company, through one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries, entered into a revolving loan facility with a borrowing capacity of million. The facility is guaranteed by TriMas Corporation. There were borrowings outstanding on this loan facility as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 The valuations of the Senior Notes and revolving credit facility were determined based on Level 2 inputs under the fair value hierarchy, as defined. 
 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 The Company's unamortized debt issuance costs approximated million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included as a direct reduction from the related debt liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. These amounts consisted primarily of legal, accounting and other transaction advisory fees as well as facility fees paid to the lenders. Amortization expense for these items was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 13. 
 million, which decline to million over contract periods ending on October 15, 2023 and April 15, 2024. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company is to receive net interest payments at fixed rates of approximately to of the notional amounts. At inception, the cross-currency swaps were designated as net investment hedges. 
 In July 2022, immediately prior to entering into the new cross-currency swap agreements, the Company terminated its existing cross-currency swap agreements, de-designating the swaps as net investment hedges and receiving million of cash. The cross-currency swap agreements had notional amounts totaling million, which declined to million over various contract periods ending between October 15, 2023 and October 15, 2027. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company was to receive net interest payments at fixed rates ranging from approximately to of the notional amounts. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Cross-currency swaps Other long-term liabilities ) 
 Other expense, net 
 Over the next months, the Company does t expect to reclassify any pre-tax deferred amounts from AOCI into earnings. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was party to foreign currency exchange forward contracts to economically hedge changes in foreign currency rates with notional amounts of million. The Company uses foreign exchange contracts to mitigate the risk associated with fluctuations in currency rates impacting cash flows related to certain of its receivables, payables and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies. The foreign exchange contracts primarily mitigate currency exposures between the U.S. dollar and the Euro, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, and the Mexican peso, as well as between the Euro and British pound, and have various settlement dates through June 2023. These contracts are not designated as hedge instruments; therefore, gains and losses on these contracts are recognized each period directly into the consolidated statement of operations. 
 ) 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Foreign exchange contracts Recurring ) ) December 31, 2021 Cross-currency swaps Recurring Foreign exchange contracts Recurring ) ) 
 
 14. 
 Short-term, variable and other lease costs Total lease cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 __________________________ 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 years. The weighted-average discount rate as of December 31, 2022 is . 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, and is included in cash flows provided by operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were million and million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 Other long-term liabilities Total other long-term liabilities 
 
 16. 
 pending cases involving an aggregate of claimants primarily alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos containing materials formerly used in gaskets (both encapsulated and otherwise) manufactured or distributed by its former Lamons division and certain other related subsidiaries for use primarily in the petrochemical refining and exploration industries. 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 claims pending at December 31, 2022, set forth specific amounts of damages (other than those stating the statutory minimum or maximum). At December 31, 2022, of the claims that set forth specific amounts, there was claim seeking more than 5 million for punitive damages. 
 
 Relatively few of the claims have reached the discovery stage and even fewer claims have gone past the discovery stage. Total settlement costs (exclusive of defense costs) for all such cases, some of which were filed over 25 years ago, have been million. All relief sought in the asbestos cases is monetary in nature. Based on the settlements made to date and the number of claims dismissed or withdrawn for lack of product identification, the Company believes that the relief sought (when specified) does not bear a reasonable relationship to its potential liability. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, the Company elected to change its method of accounting for asbestos-related defense costs from accruing for probable and reasonably estimable defense costs associated with known claims expected to settle to accrue for all future defense costs for both known and unknown claims, which the Company now believes are reasonably estimable. The Company believes this change is preferable, as asbestos-related defense costs represent expenditures related to legacy activities that do not contribute to current or future revenue generating activities, and recording an estimate of the full liability for asbestos-related costs, where estimable with reasonable precision, provides a more complete assessment of the liability associated with resolving asbestos-related claims. 
 This accounting change was reflected as a change in accounting estimate effected by a change in accounting principle. Following the change in accounting estimate, the Company s liability for asbestos-related claims will be based on a study from the Company s third-party actuary, the Company's review of the study, as well as the Company s own review of asbestos claims and claim resolution activity. After completing its study in the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a non-cash, pre-tax charge of million. In 2021, the Company commissioned its actuary to update the asbestos study based on data as of September 30, 2021. The Company recorded a non-cash, pre-tax charge of million to increase the liability estimate to million, at the low-end of the range of the 2021 study. These pre-tax charges for 2020 and 2021 are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 In 2022, the Company commissioned its actuary to update the asbestos study based on data as of September 30, 2022, which yielded a range of possible future liability of million to million. The Company did not believe any amount within the range of potential outcomes represented a better estimate than another given the many factors and assumptions inherent in the projections, and therefore recorded a non-cash, pre-tax charge of million to increase the liability estimate to million, at the low-end of the range. This charge is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total asbestos-related liability is million, and is included in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of historical costs related to settlement and defense of asbestos litigation, expired in November 2018, upon which the Company became solely responsible for defense costs and indemnity payments. The Company is party to a coverage-in-place agreement (entered into in 2006) with its first level excess carriers regarding the coverage to be provided to the Company for asbestos-related claims. The coverage-in-place agreement makes asbestos defense costs and indemnity insurance coverage available to the Company that might otherwise be disputed by the carriers and provides a methodology for the administration of such expenses. The Company will continue to be solely responsible for defense costs and indemnity payments prior to the commencement of coverage under this agreement, the duration of which would be subject to the scope of damage awards and settlements paid. Based upon the Company s review of the actuarial study, the Company does not believe it is probable that it will reach the threshold of qualified future settlements required to commence excess carrier insurance coverage under the coverage-in-place agreement. 
 Based upon the Company's experience to date, including the trend in annual defense and settlement costs incurred to date, and other available information (including the availability of excess insurance), the Company does not believe these cases will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Claims and Litigation 
 The Company is subject to other claims and litigation in the ordinary course of business, but does not believe that any such claim or litigation will have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 17. 
 million in 2022 and million in each of 2021 and 2020, respectively. Certain of the Company's non-U.S. and union hourly employees participate in defined benefit pension plans. 
 Plan Assets, Expenses and Obligations 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments Amortization of net loss Net periodic benefit expense 
 The service cost component of net periodic benefit expense is recorded in cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses, while non-service cost components are recorded in other income (expense), net in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 During the 2022, the Company recorded a non-cash curtailment expense of million, as it transitioned certain active employees previously participating in a defined benefit plan in the United Kingdom to a defined contribution plan, thereby eliminating future service cost accruals for all employees under this defined benefit plan. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Discount rate for benefit costs Rate of increase in compensation levels N/A N/A N/A Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 The Company utilizes a high-quality (Aa or greater) corporate bond yield curve as the basis for its domestic discount rate for its pension benefit plans. Management believes this yield curve removes the impact of including additional required corporate bond yields (potentially considered in the above-median curve) resulting from the uncertain economic climate that does not necessarily reflect the general trend in high-quality interest rates. 
 Weighted average assumptions used in accounting for the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are as follows: 
 Pension Benefit 2022 2021 2020 Discount rate for obligations Discount rate for benefit costs Rate of increase in compensation levels Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) Service cost ) ) Interest cost ) ) Participant contributions ) ) Actuarial gain (a) 
 Benefit payments Change in foreign currency Projected benefit obligations at December 31 ) ) Changes in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at January 1 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefit payments ) ) Change in foreign currency ) ) Fair value of plan assets at December 31 Funded status at December 31 ) 
 __________________________ 
 (a) 
 Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net asset (liability) recognized at December 31 ) 
 Unrecognized net loss Total accumulated other comprehensive loss recognized at December 31 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) ) Plans with benefit obligations exceeding plan assets Benefit obligations ) ) ) ) Plan assets 
 The assumptions regarding discount rates and expected return on plan assets can have a significant impact on amounts reported for benefit plans.) ) 25 basis point decrease Expected return on assets 50 basis point increase N/A ) 50 basis point decrease N/A 
 The Company expects to make contributions of million to fund its pension plans during 2023. 
 Plan Assets 
 The Company's overall investment goal is to provide for capital growth with a moderate level of volatility by investing assets in targeted allocation ranges. Specific long term investment goals include total investment return, diversity to reduce volatility and risk, and to achieve an asset allocation profile that reflects the general nature and sensitivity of the plans' liabilities. Investment goals are established after a comprehensive review of current and projected financial statement requirements, plan assets and liability structure, market returns and risks as well as special requirements of the plans. The Company reviews investment goals and actual results annually to determine whether stated objectives are still relevant and the continued feasibility of achieving the objectives. 
 Fixed income Diversified growth (a) 
 Cash and other Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Fixed income Cash and cash equivalents Plan assets measured at net asset value (a) 
 Investment funds Equity securities Fixed income Diversified growth Cash and cash equivalents Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 (a) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028-2032 

73 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 18. 
 TriMas Corporation Director Retainer Share Election Program 
 
 The Company awarded the following restricted stock units ("RSUs") during 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 granted , , and , RSUs, respectively, to certain employees, which are subject only to a service condition and vest ratably over so long as the employee remains with the Company; 
 granted , and RSUs, respectively, to its non-employee independent directors, which vest from date of grant so long as the director and/or Company does not terminate their service prior to the vesting date; and 
 issued , and RSUs, respectively, related to director fee deferrals as certain of the Company's directors elected to defer all or a portion of their directors fees and to receive the amount in Company common stock at a future date. 
 The Company awarded the following RSUs during 2022 and 2021: 
 issued and RSUs, respectively, to certain employees related to dividend equivalent rights on existing equity awards. 
 The Company awarded the following RSUs during 2020: 
 granted RSUs to certain employees, which are subject only to a service condition and fully vest at the end of so long as the employee remains with the Company; and 
 granted RSUs to certain employees, which are subject only to a service condition and vest from the date of grant so long as the employee remains with the Company. 
 During 2022, the Company awarded performance-based RSUs to certain key employees which vest from the grant date as long as the employee remains with the Company. These awards are earned based upon the Company's achievement of an earnings per share compound annual growth rate ("EPS CAGR") metric over a period beginning January 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2024. The remaining of the awards are earned based on the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR") relative to the TSR of the common stock of a pre-defined industry peer-group, measured over the performance period. TSR is calculated as the Company's average closing stock price for the 20 trading days at the end of the performance period plus Company dividends, divided by the Company's average closing stock price for the 20 trading days prior to the start of the performance period. The Company estimates the grant-date fair value subject to a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model, using the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free rate of and annualized volatility of . Depending on the performance achieved for these two metrics, the amount of shares earned, if any, can vary for each metric from of the target award to a maximum of of the target award. The Company awarded and of similar performance-based RSUs in 2021 and 2020, respectively. For similar performance-based RSUs awarded in 2019, the Company attained of the target on a weighted average basis, resulting in a decrease of shares during 2022. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 performance-based RSUs to certain key divisional employees which vest from the grant date as long as the employee remains with the Company. These awards are earned based upon the Company's stock price performance over the period from January 1, 2020 and ending December 31, 2022. The stock price achievement is calculated based on the Company's average closing stock price for each quarter end for the 20 trading days up to and including March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, 2022, respectively. The Company estimates the grant-date fair value subject to a market condition using a Monte Carlo simulation model, using the following weighted average assumptions: risk free rate of and annualized volatility of . Depending on the performance achieved for this metric, the amount of shares earned, if any, can vary from of the target award to a maximum of of the target award, although it automatically is earned at the target award level if the Company's stock price is equal to or greater than a specified stock price for either five consecutive trading days or 20 total trading days during the performance period. 
 Granted Vested ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted shares that is expected to be recorded over a weighted average period of years. 
 The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted shares of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The stock-based compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statement of operations. 
 
 19. 
 
 Dilutive effect of restricted stock units Dilutive effect of stock options Weighted average common shares diluted 
 In March 2020, the Company announced its Board of Directors had authorized the Company to increase the purchase of its common stock up to million in the aggregate. The initial authorization, approved in November 2015, authorized up to million of purchases in the aggregate of its common stock. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company purchased , and shares of its outstanding common stock for million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million remaining under the repurchase authorization. 
 per share of common stock in each quarter, and total dividends declared and paid on common shares during 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 20.) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (a) 
 ) ) ) Less: Net realized losses reclassified to net income (b) 
 ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 __________________________ 
 (a) million. See Note 17, " Employee Benefit Plans ," for additional details. Derivative instruments, net of income tax of million. See Note 13, " Derivative Instruments ," for further details. 
 (b) million. See Note 17, " Employee Benefit Plans . 
 Changes in AOCI by component for the year ended December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows, net of tax (dollars in thousands): 
 Defined Benefit Plans Derivative Instruments Foreign Currency Translation Total Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (a) 
 ) Less: Net realized losses reclassified to net income (b) 
 ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 __________________________ 
 (a) million. See Note 17, " million. See Note 13, " Derivative Instruments ," for further details. 
 million. See Note 17, "Employee Benefit Plans," 
 
 21. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 77 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Aerospace Specialty Products Total Operating Profit (Loss) Packaging Aerospace (a) 
 ) Specialty Products Corporate (b) 
 ) ) ) Total ) Capital Expenditures Packaging Aerospace Specialty Products Corporate Total Depreciation and Amortization Packaging Aerospace Specialty Products Corporate Total Total Assets Packaging Aerospace Specialty Products Corporate Total 
 __________________________ 
 (a) million gain on the sale, which is included within the Aerospace segment. 
 million, and recognized a million gain on the sale, which is included in Corporate operating loss for 2022 and included within net gain (loss) on disposition of assets in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Asia Pacific Other Americas Total non-U.S. Total U.S. Total 
 The Company's export sales from the U.S. approximated million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 22. Income Taxes 
 ) Foreign Total income (loss) before income taxes ) Current income tax expense: Federal State and local Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred income tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State and local ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Inventories Accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities Operating lease liability Research and experimentation costs (a) 
 Tax loss and credit carryforwards Other Gross deferred tax asset Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Goodwill and other intangible assets ) ) Investment in foreign affiliates, including withholding tax ) ) Gross deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 __________________________ 
 (a) 
 Tax at U.S. federal statutory rate ) State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Differences in statutory foreign tax rates ) ) Change in recognized tax benefits ) ) ) Goodwill and other intangible assets impairment Tax credits and incentives ) ) ) Net change in valuation allowance ) Nondeductible compensation Other, net ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 During 2020, the Company undertook certain tax-planning actions with respect to intercompany debt restructuring within the group. These actions resulted in the recognition of a million deferred tax benefit related to an interest limitation carryforward. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million of various state operating loss carryforwards and million of various foreign operating loss carryforwards. The majority of the state tax loss carryforwards expire between 2026 and 2032 and the majority of the foreign losses have indefinite carryforward periods. 
 The Company has not made a provision for U.S. or additional foreign withholding taxes related to investments in foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested since any excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis in these investments is not significant as of December 31, 2022. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The Company had million and million of unrecognized tax benefits ("UTBs") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If the UTBs were recognized, the impact to the Company's effective tax rate would be to reduce reported income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by million and million, respectively. 
 Tax positions related to current year: Additions Tax positions related to prior years: Additions Reductions Settlements Lapses in the statutes of limitations ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Tax positions related to current year: Additions Tax positions related to prior years: Additions Reductions ) Settlements Lapses in the statutes of limitations ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 In addition to the UTBs summarized above, the Company has recorded million and million in potential interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal, state and local, and certain non-U.S. income tax examinations for tax years 2015 through 2022. In addition, there are currently several state and foreign income tax examinations in process. The Company does not believe that the results of these examinations will have a significant impact on the Company's tax position or its effective tax rate. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 23. 
 , the Company acquired Aarts Packaging B.V. ("Aarts") for a purchase price of approximately million, subject to customary closing conditions. Aarts is a luxury packaging solutions provider for beauty and lifestyle brands, as well as for customers in the food and life sciences end markets, and has annual net sales of approximately million. Aarts will become part of the Packaging reportable segment. 
 On , the Company announced that its Board of Directors had declared a cash dividend of per share of TriMas Corporation common stock, which will be payable on to shareholders of record as of the close of business on . 
 On , the Company announced it has signed an agreement to acquire the operating net assets of Weldmac Manufacturing Company Weldmac ), a leading designer and manufacturer of high-performance, complex metal fabricated components and assemblies for the aerospace, defense and space launch end markets with annual net sales of approximately million. Weldmac will become part of the Aerospace reportable segment upon closing, which the Company expects to be during second quarter 2022. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was carried out by management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")), pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed only to provide reasonable assurance that they will meet their objectives. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that they would meet their objectives. 
 We completed the acquisition of Intertech Plastics LLC and related companies (collectively, "Intertech") in February 2022 and have not yet included Intertech in our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, pursuant to the SEC's general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of an assessment in the year of acquisition, the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures does not include Intertech. For fiscal 2022, Intertech accounted for 28.7 million of our total net sales, and as of December 31, 2022 had total assets of 71.9 million. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management's judgments and estimates concerning events and transactions that are accounted for or disclosed. 
 Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the Company's ability to record, process, summarize, and report reliable financial data. Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control and effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Additionally, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 In order to ensure that the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective, management regularly assesses such controls and did so most recently for its financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 excludes internal control over financial reporting related to Intertech (acquired in February 2022), which accounted for 28.7 million of our total net sales, and as of December 31, 2022 had total assets of 71.9 million. Management's assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management asserts that the Company has maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, who audited the Company's consolidated financial statements, has also audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report below. 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of TriMas Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of TriMas Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 As described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Intertech, which was acquired in February 2022, whose financial statements accounted for approximately 71.9 million of total assets, and 28.7 million of total net sales of the consolidated financial statements amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Intertech. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 23, 2023 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Changes in disclosure controls and procedures 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading Information about our Executive Officers. 
 The Company's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is applicable to its directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on the "Investors" portion of the Company's website under the "Corporate Governance" link. The Company's website address is www.trimascorp.com. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information about aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, (PCAOB ID No. ), as required by this item, is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Listing of Documents 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 The Company's Financial Statements included in Item 8 hereof, as required at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and for the periods ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, consist of the following: 
 Balance Sheet 
 Statement of Operations 
 Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statement Schedule of the Company appended hereto, as required for the periods ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, consists of the following: 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is otherwise included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 All documents referenced below were filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by TriMas Corporation (File No. 001-10716), unless otherwise noted. 
 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of TriMas Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2007. 
 3.2 Third Amended and Restated By laws of TriMas Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2015. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2021, among TriMas Corporation, the Guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (including the Form of Note), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021. 
 4.2 Description of Securities of TriMas Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020. 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated October 16, 2013, by and among TriMas Corporation, TriMas Company LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the various lenders from time to time thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2013. 
 10.2 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated November 19, 2021, by and among TriMas Corporation, TriMas Company LLC and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, and the various lenders from time to time thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2022. 
 10.3 Incremental Facility Agreement and Amendment dated as of October 17, 2014, among TriMas Company LLC, the other Loan Parties party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, the Incremental Tranche A Term Lenders and the other Lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2014. 
 10.4 Replacement Facility Amendment, dated as of June 30, 2015, among TriMas Company LLC, the other Loan Parties party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2015. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

10.5 Foreign Subsidiary Borrowing Agreement and Amendment dated as of January 10, 2017, among TriMas Company LLC, TriMas Corporation, TriMas Corporation Limited, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (as defined therein) and as Fronting Lender, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, in its capacity as Foreign Currency Agent, and the Revolving Lenders party hereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 27, 2017. 
 10.6 Amendment, dated as of March 8, 2017 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2013 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), among TriMas Corporation, TriMas Company LLC, the subsidiary borrowers from time to time parties thereto, the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 27, 2017. 
 10.7 Replacement Facility Amendment, dated as September 20, 2017, among TriMas Company LLC, the other Loan Parties party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2017. 
 10.8 TriMas Corporation Long Term Equity Incentive Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2009. 
 10.9 Flexible Cash Allowance Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2009. 
 10.10 TriMas Corporation 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 27, 2017. 
 10.11 2013 Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2013. 
 10.12 Offer Letter between TriMas Corporation and Thomas A. Amato dated July 23, 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 27, 2016. 
 10.13 Form of Special Performance Stock Units Agreement - 2019 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020. 
 10.14 Form of Performance Stock Units Agreement - 2020 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2020. 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement - (Three Year Vest) - 2020 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2020. 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement - (Board of Directors) (One-Year Vest) - 2020 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2020. 
 10.17 Form of Performance Stock Units Agreement - 2021 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021. 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement - (Three Year Vest) - 2021 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021. 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement - (Board of Directors) (One-Year Vest) - 2021 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021. 
 10.20 Separation Agreement between TriMas Corporation and Joshua A. Sherbin dated February 26, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2021. 
 10.21 Second Replacement Revolving Facility Amendment, dated as of March 29, 2021, among TriMas Corporation, TriMas Company LLC, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and Lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2021. 
 10.22 Separation Agreement between TriMas Corporation and Robert J. Zalupski dated May 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021. 
 10.23 Offer Letter between TriMas Corporation and Scott Mell dated March 15, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 29, 2021. 
 10.24 Executive Severance / Change in Control Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2021. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

10.25 Form of Performance Stock Units Agreement - 2022 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022. 
 10.26 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Three-Year Vest) - 2022 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022. 
 10.27 Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (Board Of Directors) (One-Year Vest) - 2022 LTI - under the 2017 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 28, 2022. 
 21.1 TriMas Corporation Subsidiary List. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials from TriMas Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheet, (ii) the Consolidated Statement of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) document and entity information. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted and the Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted exhibits and schedules upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TRIMAS CORPORATION (Registrant) BY: /s/ THOMAS A. AMATO DATE: February 23, 2023 Name: Thomas A. Amato 
 Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ THOMAS A. AMATO President and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 Thomas A. Amato (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ SCOTT A. MELL Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Scott A. Mell (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ PAUL A. SWART Vice President Business Planning, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer February 23, 2023 Paul A. Swart (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ SAMUEL VALENTI III Chairman of the Board of Directors February 23, 2023 Samuel Valenti III /s/ HOLLY M. BOEHNE Director February 23, 2023 Holly M. Boehne /s/ TERESA M. FINLEY Director February 23, 2023 Teresa M. Finley /s/ JEFFREY M. GREENE Director February 23, 2023 Jeffrey M. Greene /s/ HERBERT K. PARKER Director February 23, 2023 Herbert K. Parker /s/ NICK L. STANAGE Director February 23, 2023 Nick L. Stanage /s/ DANIEL P. TREDWELL Director February 23, 2023 Daniel P. Tredwell 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 ________________________________________ 
 (A) Deductions, representing uncollectible accounts written-off, less recoveries of amounts reserved in prior years. 
 91 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 trs-123122xexh211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

TriMas Corporation Significant (1) Subsidiary List 
 
 Allfast Fastening Systems, LLC (California limited liability company) 
 Monogram Aerospace Fasteners, Inc. (Delaware corporation) 
 Norris Cylinder Company (Delaware corporation) 
 Rieke Corporation (Indiana corporation) 
 
 Certain companies may also use trade names or other assumed names in the conduct of their business. 
 
 (1) As defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X, and other more significant operating companies as determined by management 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 trs-123122xexh231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-190666 and 333-218867 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of TriMas Corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of TriMas Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TriMas Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 

Detroit, Michigan 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 trs-123122xexh311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Chapter 63, Title 18 U.S.C. Section 1350(A) and (B)) 
 I, Thomas A. Amato, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TriMas Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s THOMAS A. AMATO Thomas A. Amato 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 trs-123122xexh312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Chapter 63, Title 18 U.S.C. Section 1350(A) and (B)) 
 I, Scott A. Mell, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TriMas Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s SCOTT A. MELL Scott A. Mell 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 trs-123122xexh321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of TriMas Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas A. Amato, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s THOMAS A. AMATO Thomas A. Amato 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 trs-123122xexh322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of TriMas Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott A. Mell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 23, 2023 
 s SCOTT A. MELL Scott A. Mell 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 trs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 trs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 trs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 trs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 trs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

