<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1553788_0001731122-23-000543.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5918265</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190739</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1184423</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1911022</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1154158</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1309962</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000543.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161231
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000543
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPLASH BEVERAGE GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001553788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				341720075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40471
		FILM NUMBER:		23787769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1314 E LAS OLAS BLVD, SUITE 221
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954.745.5815

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1314 E LAS OLAS BLVD, SUITE 221
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Canfield Medical Supply, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120709

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000543.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 e4403_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________to _________ 

Commission File Number 

. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Se curities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

American LLC 

American LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (i)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business
day of the Registrant s most recently completed second quarter was . 

On March 31, 2023, there were shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

SPLASH BEVERAGE GROUP, INC. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

PART II 
 24 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 27 

PART III 
 28 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 

PART IV 
 37 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 

Signatures 
 38 

i 

PART I 

Except
as otherwise indicated, references to we , us , our , Splash , SBG and
the Company refer to Splash Beverage Group, Inc. and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements Forward-looking statements
reflect our current view about future events. When used in this Report, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 expect, future, intend, plan, or the negative of these terms and similar expressions,
as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements
contained in this Report relating to our business strategy, our future operating results and liquidity and capital resources outlook.
Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future
conditions. Because forward looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes
in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking
statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees of assurance of future performance. We caution you therefore
against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, our ability to raise capital to fund continuing operations; our ability
to protect our intellectual property rights; the impact of any infringement actions or other litigation brought against us; competition
from other providers and products; our ability to develop and commercialize products and services; changes in government regulation; our
ability to complete capital raising transactions; and other factors (including the risks contained in the section of this Annual Report
entitled Risk Factors relating to our industry, our operations and results of operations. Actual results may differ significantly
from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 

Factors
or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of
them. We cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including
the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results. 

MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K
contains statistical data, estimates and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications or other publicly available
information, as well as other information based on our internal sources. While we believe the industry and market data included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are reliable and based on reasonable assumptions, the data involves many assumptions and limitations, and you
are cautioned not to give undue weight to these estimates. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the data
contained in these industry publications and other publicly available information. The industry in which we operate is subject to a high
degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TRADEMARKS AND TRADE NAMES 

We own or have rights to various
trademarks, service marks and trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K
may also contain trademarks, service marks and trade names of third parties, which are the property of their respective owners. Our use
or display of third parties trademarks, service marks, trade names or products in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not intended
to, and does not imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship by us. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks
and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the , TM or SM symbols, but such
references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or
the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 

1 

Except
as otherwise indicated, references to we , us , our , Splash , SBG and
the Company refer to Splash Beverage Group, Inc. and its wholly owned
subsidiaries. 

Item 1. Business. 

Company Overview 

Splash is a portfolio company
managing multiple brands across several growth segments within the consumer beverage industry. Splash has built organizational capabilities
and an infrastructure enabling it to incubate and/or acquire brands with the intention of efficiently accelerating them to higher volumes.
The management team has proven capabilities in building consumer franchises and marketing and distributing multiple brands of beverages
within the non-alcoholic and alcoholic segments. Manufacturing is typically outsourced to third party co-packers and distillers, or in
select cases for a brand such as Copa Di Vino wines, performed within our own facility in Oregon. 

We believe the distribution landscape
in the beverage industry is changing rapidly as tech-enabled e-commerce business models are thriving. Direct to consumer, office or home
solutions are projected to continue to gain traction in the future. To address this opportunity Splash continues to shape its operating
model to be vertically integrated building an e-commerce platform, Qplash, which purchases local and regional brands for developing a
direct line of sales to small retail stores. 

Splash s wholly owned subsidiary,
Splash Beverage Group II, Inc. was originally incorporated in the State of Nevada under the name TapouT Beverages, Inc. for the purpose
of acquiring the rights under a license agreement with TapouT, LLC (Authentic Brands Group). Splash has license rights to the TapouT Performance
brand in North America (Including US Territories and Military Bases), United Kingdom, Brazil, South Africa, Scandinavia, Peru, Colombia,
Chile and Guatemala. 

In addition, Splash has a joint
venture with SALT Naturally Flavored Tequila, Copa Di Vino wines and Pulpoloco, sangrias that comes in a biodegradable can. 

The Company leadership understand
the importance of infusing beverage brands with strong pop culture and lifestyle elements which drives trial, belief and, most importantly,
repeat purchases. 

2 

The management team led by Robert
Nistico has over 28 years of experience in all levels of the three-tier distribution system used in the beverage industry working on brands
such as Red Bull and companies such as Gallo Winery and RNCC Texas. The President CMO, Bill Meissner, has led major beverage brands
as Sparkling Ice, Fuze, Sweet Leaf Tea and Jones Soda. The CFO, Ron Wall, has over 25 years of experience in the alcohol beverage industry
with Diageo and William Grant Sons. The Senior Vice President of Sales, James Allred, has 25+ years experience in the beverage
industry predominately with Anheuser-Busch. 

Our Strategy 

Our strategy is to combine the
traditional approach of manufacturing, distributing, and marketing of beverages, with early-stage brands that have a reasonable level
of pre-existing brand awareness and market presence, or have attributes that we believe to be purely innovative. We believe this allows
us to break through the clutter of numerous brand introductions and dilute risk. This philosophy is applied regardless of whether the
brand is 100 owned or a joint venture. 

For acquisition or joint venture
consideration, we prefer to work with brands that already have one or more of the following in place: 

Some level of preexisting
 brand awareness 

Regional presence that
 can be expanded 

Licensing an existing brand
 name (TapouT for example) 

Add to an underdeveloped
 and/or growing category capitalizing on consumer trends 

Innovation to an existing
 attractive category (such as flavored tequila) 

A near term clear path
 to profitability 

We believe this model provides
us with two paths to success: one, developing our wholly owned core brands and two, the ability to tap into high growth, early-stage brands
ready to scale. This platform allows us to significantly reduce development expense while simultaneously increasing efficiencies for all
brands in our portfolio. 

Our management team has over 120
years of combined experience in the beverage industry, including decades of successful brand introductions by our management team
(Gallo, Red Bull, Bacardi, Diageo, Sparkling Ice, Jones Soda, FUZE Beverage, NOS Energy, SoBe Beverages, Muscle Milk, Marley Beverages),
we believe our ability to break through the distribution and retail bottlenecks makes us an attractive joint venture partner to many new
brand owners. 

Splash has the ability to fully
own a brand or be flexible to engage in business ventures structured with a revenue split, or an equity position. 

The benefit to Splash in these
shared brand ownerships is the ability to avoid the development costs for new products. This model spreads our risk over several brands,
contributes to our economies of scale, and improves our relationship with distributors and reduces the overall cost of infrastructure. 

The Company also believe the distribution
landscape in the beverage category is changing rapidly. Tech-enabled business models are thriving and direct to consumer, office or home
solutions are projected to continue to gain traction as beverage alcohol regulations evolve. A core strategy for us is to build onto the
early success we re seeing with the Qplash online platform, our consumer-packaged goods retail division and our first entry point
into the growing e-commerce channel. 

Products 

We currently produce,
distribute and market SALT Naturally Flavored Tequila SALT ), a 100 agave 80 proof line of flavored tequilas, TapouT
Performance, a line of performance beverages that complete in the hydration and energy categories, Copa Di Vino single serve wine
by the glass and import Pulpoloco Sangria in 3 flavors. 

3 

The following is a description
of these products. 

SALT Flavored Tequila 

We oversee production, distribute,
and market the following flavors under the brand name SALT Naturally Flavored Tequila: 

Citrus flavor 

Berry flavor 

Chocolate flavor 

Vodka, rum, and brown spirits
have experienced significant growth when flavors are introduced, and we expect this growth of flavors to continue, as the tequila category
continues to rapidly expand. 

SALT is currently being distributed
by Republic National Distribution Co., various Anheuser-Busch Miller-Coors distributorships, and other distributors in multiple
U.S. states. Additionally, SALT is for sale in Mexico. Several South American countries are expected to launch SALT during 2023. 

SALT is a business venture between
the Company and SALT USA, LLC. All aspects of manufacturing, logistics, distribution and marketing are our responsibility. 

TapouT Performance Isotonic Sports Drinks 

We will produce, market, sell
and distribute the following sports beverages under the brand name TapouT: 

TapouT Performance: 

TapouT Energy: Launching
 in 2023 

4 

TapouT Performance Beverages are
a line of unique advanced performance beverages containing ingredients known for various functional benefits including, focus, cognition,
energy, recuperative and cell regeneration which promotes better absorption of nutrients, increase hydration and cellular recovery. They
are exclusively formulated with GRAS (FDA Designation Generally Regarded As Safe ingredients versus controversial ingredients
often used in many competitive products. TapouT Performance Beverages are all natural with a highly innovative proprietary blends designed
to enhance physical and or mental performance. 

TapouT, formally associated with
the UFC and mixed martial arts has been producing branded clothing and light equipment for over 23 years and has a high level of aided
and unaided brand awareness. 

TapouT License Agreement 

We have the rights under a License
Agreement with ABG TapouT (the License Agreement to produce, market, sell and distribute TapouT sports beverages in
North America (including US Territories and Military Bases), United Kingdom, Brazil, South Africa, Australia, Scandinavia, Peru, Colombia,
Chile and Guatemala. The beverages covered by the License Agreement include sports drinks, energy drinks, energy shots, electrolyte chews,
energy bars, water, protein, and teas. 

We pay a 6 royalty of net sales
or a guaranteed minimum annual royalty of 660,000, whichever is greater. The License Agreement will expire on December 31, 2025 with
a renewal option through December 31, 2028 at which time will be reviewed and renegotiated if necessary. 

We have the right to use the TapouT
brand to market, advertise and promote for sale our TapouT beverages and branded products. As part of the alliance, Splash commits to
investing 2 of sales in marketing to the TapouT Performance Brand. TapouT provides marketing collateral for advertising and promotion
and has influential relationships with select celebrity and athletic talent. TapouT agrees to use reasonable efforts to request its retained
celebrities and/or athletes be present at autograph signings, tradeshows and other similar events. 

Copa di Vino Wine Group, Inc. and Related Financing 

On December 24, 2020, the
Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with CdV, pursuant to which the Company purchased certain assets and assumed certain
liabilities that comprise the CdV business for a total purchase price of 5,980,000, payable in the combination of 2,000,000 in cash,
a 2,000,000 convertible promissory note to CdV and a variable number of shares of the Company s common stock based on an attainment
of revenue hurdles. 

In conjunction with the acquisition,
the Company also entered into a Revenue Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan and Security Agreement by and among the Company,
Robert Nistico, additional Guarantor and each of the subsidiary guarantors from time-to-time party thereto (each a Guarantor ,
and, collectively, the Guarantors ), and Decathlon Alpha IV, L.P. (the Lender ). The Loan and Security Agreement
provided for a revenue-based credit facility of 1,578,237 (the Gross Amount with the Lender (the Credit Facility ). 

5 

Copa di Vino Wine Group, Inc. 

Copa Di Vino is the leading producer
of premium wine by the glass in the United States. The Copa-di-Vino product line is highly innovative as a ready to drink wine glass capable
to go anywhere without the need for a bottle, corkscrew or glass. 

Through our acquisition of Copa
di Vino Corporation, we are now able to offer nine varietals of wine: Pinot Grigio, Riesling, Merlot, Chardonnay, White Zinfandel, Moscato,
Red Blend, Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Sauvignon. In addition to its wine varietals, Copa di Vino also procures Pulpoloco, a sangria
which is encased in an eco-friendly fiber based can from Spain. The rights to utilize this packaging for multiple categories were conveyed
to SBG in conjunction with the distribution rights. 

6 

E-commerce 

Qplash is a wholly
owned division of Splash. It is our first entry point into the growing e-commerce channel. The division sells beverages online through www.qplash.com ,
and third-party storefronts such as Amazon.com. Inside of the division, there are two primary customer groups: business to business retailers,
which in turn offer the products to their customers, and business to consumer, selling direct to end users. This program allows businesses
to control inventory, order with payment terms, and offer the convenience of delivery directly to each store. 

Currently Qplash offers
over 1,500 listings and have warehouses that ship from both California and Pennsylvania. 

Discontinued Business - Canfield Medical Supply,
Inc. 

Canfield Medical Supply, Inc. CMS is a provider of home medical equipment, supplies and services (which relate to the equipment sales) in Ohio s
Mahoning Valley, Western Pennsylvania and Northern West Virginia, with an emphasis on providing for patients with mobility-related limitations
who have had strokes, hip or knee replacements, and other surgeries after they are discharged from a hospital or rehab center. CMS is
a legacy segment of the business and in December 2020, management discontinued operations and the business was sold in the second Quarter
of 2022. 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe the following competitive strengths
contribute to Company s success and differentiate us from our competitors: 

An established distribution
 network through global sales channels; 

A hybrid distribution model
 that leverages multiple routes to market, including national chains, independent local markets and regional chains, and specialty
 food and C-Stores 

Long-term relationships
 with retailers and the establishment of chains; 

Premium customer service; 

Dynamic and sustainable product
 offerings of natural quality and freshness with health benefits; 

A highly experienced management
 team; 

Strategically selected,
 dedicated sales professionals; 

Qplash, our e-commerce
 platform, which provides us an integrated distribution platform for our non-alcoholic brands; 

Ability to execute and
 distribute across many geographies, on behalf of our licensed brand portfolio; 

Strong brand awareness
 through partnerships and acquisitions of brands with pre-existing brand awareness or viewed as truly innovative; and 

Celebrity and professional
 athlete endorsement of our brands. 

7 

Manufacturing and Co-packing 

We are responsible for the manufacturing
of Copa di Vino, TapouT Performance and SALT. The Copa di Vino product line is bottled at our manufacturing facility in The Dalles, Oregon.
Pulpoloco is imported from Spain as a finished product. 

Although we are responsible for
manufacturing TapouT Performance and SALT, we do not directly manufacture these products, but instead outsource such manufacturing to
third party bottlers and contract packers. 

Our TapouT Performance and Salt
products are manufactured in the United States and Mexico under separate arrangements with each party. Our co-packaging arrangements are
terminable upon request and do not obligate us to produce any minimum quantities of products within specified periods. 

We purchase concentrates, flavors,
dietary ingredients, cans, bottles, caps, labels, and other components and ingredients for our beverage products from our suppliers, which
are delivered to our manufacturing operations and various third-party bottlers and co-packers. In some cases, certain common supplies
may be purchased by our various third-party bottlers and co-packers. Depending on the product, the third-party bottlers or packers add
filtered water and/or other ingredients (including dietary ingredients) for the manufacture and packaging of the finished products into
our approved containers in accordance with our formulas. 

Distribution 

We operate within what is referred
to as a Three Tier Distribution System where manufacturers do not typically sell directly to retailers, but instead contract
for local and regional distribution with independent distributors. These distributors typically have geographic rights to distribute major
beverage brands and call on every store in a given area such as major cities or regions. Our management team has extensive experience
working within this channel and believes that we will be successful in building a strong network of these distributors. 

In addition to working with these
independent distributors, we also have distribution arrangements with national retail accounts to distribute some of our products directly
through their warehouse operations. Most notably, SBG executed a distribution agreement with AB-InBev, for distribution with their owned
operations, AB ONE. This provides SBG very effective distribution capabilities. 

Employees 

We have 40 full-time employees, including
non-officer employees and our executive officers. None of our employees are represented
by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Listing on the NYSE American 

Our common stock and warrants
are listed on the NYSE American exchange under the ticker symbols SBEV and SBEV WT, respectively. 

8 

Corporate Information 

Splash was originally incorporated
in the State of Nevada under the name TapouT Beverages, Inc. for the purpose of acquiring the rights under a license agreement with TapouT,
LLC (Authentic Brands Group) for the right to use the TapouT brand in connection with manufacturing and selling certain beverages. 

 Splash executed a reverse merger
with a fully reporting, public entity called Canfield Medical Supply, Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Canfield Medical Supply
Inc. on March 31, 2020. At the time of the merger Canfield state of incorporation was Colorado. At the time of the merger Canfield s
common stock was quoted on the OTCQB. 

On July 31, 2021, we changed our
name from Canfield Medical Supply, Inc. to Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 

On June 11, 2021, our common stock
and warrants to purchase common stock began trading on the NYSE American under the symbols SBEV and SBEV WT, respectively 

On November 8, 2021, we changed
our state of incorporation from Colorado to Nevada. 

Our principal offices are located
at 1314 E. Las Olas Blvd, Suite 221, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301. Our main telephone number is (954) 745-5815. Our website address
is www.splashbeveragegroup.com . We have not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K the information
that can be assessed through our website and you should not consider it to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

You should carefully
consider the risks described below as well as other information provided to you in this document, including information in the section
of this document entitled Cautionary Note Concerning Forward Looking Statements. If any of the following risks actually
occur, the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of
the Company s Common Stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Risks Related to our Business 

Our business could be materially and adversely
affected by the lingering impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic or other epidemics and outbreaks. 

The COVID-19 pandemic had disrupted and affected our business
operations, which has led to business and supply chain disruptions. The lingering effects of the pandemic are likely to continue to disrupt
our business and supply chain in the future. For example, our ability to gain new retail authorizations could be impacted by restrictions
in retail outlets and our ability to generate sales and brand awareness in bars and restaurants could be impacted if restrictions are
place on these establishments. However, given the unpredictable nature of COVID-19 and its variants, it is difficult, if not
impossible, to predict, whether any government-imposed restrictions will be reimposed at previous levels or enhanced in one or more ways
impacting our business operations or those of third parties upon which we rely. The COVID-19 pandemic, including associated
business interruptions and recovery, as well as other possible epidemics or outbreaks of other contagions could result in a material adverse
impact on our or our current or anticipated customers or suppliers business operations, including reduction or suspension
of operations in the U.S. or other parts of the world. Our design and engineering operations, among others, cannot all be conducted remotely
and often require on-site access to materials and equipment. We have customers, suppliers, and partners with international operations,
and our customers, suppliers, and partners also depend on suppliers and manufacturers worldwide, which means that our business and prospects
could be affected by the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic anywhere in the world. Depending upon the duration of the
lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated business interruptions, our customers, suppliers, manufacturers,
and partners may suspend or delay their engagements with us. We and our customers and suppliers response to the lingering
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may prove to be inadequate and they may be unable to continue their respective operations in
the manner they had prior to the outbreak or the worsening of the outbreak, and we may consequently endure interruptions, reputational
harm, delays in our product development, and shipments, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition. In addition, we cannot assure you as to the timing of the economic recovery given the lingering effects of the
pandemic, which could have a material adverse effect on our target markets and our business. 

9 

If we are unable to continue as a going concern,
our securities will have little or no value. 

We have sustained recurring losses
and we have had a working capital and stockholders equity deficits. These prior losses and expected future losses have had, and
will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, continued operations and our ability to continue as
a going concern may be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the near future and thereafter, and there are no assurances
that such financing will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements
do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in
the future through sales of our products, financings or from other sources or transactions, we will exhaust our resources and will be
unable to continue operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our shareholders would likely lose most or all of their investment
in us. 

We have experienced recurring losses from operations
and negative cash flows from operating activities and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant operating losses
in the future. 

We have experienced recurring
losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses related
to our ongoing operations and generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. The size of our losses will depend, in part, on the
rate of future expenditures and our ability to generate revenues. We incurred a net loss of 21.7 
million for the year ended December 31, 2 022 . Our accumulated deficit increased to 112.3 
million as of December 31, 2 022 , compared to the prior year s deficit of 90.6
 million. 

We may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our financial condition. Our prior losses and
expected future losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. If our products do not achieve
sufficient market acceptance and our revenues do not increase significantly, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability
in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease
the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings or continue
our operations. A decline in the value of our company could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

If we are not able to successfully execute on
our future operating plans and objectives, our financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected, and
we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

It is important that we meet our
sales goals and increase sales going forward as our operating plan already reflects prior significant cost containment measures and may
make it difficult to achieve top-line growth if further significant reductions become necessary. If we do not meet our sales goals, our
available cash and working capital will decrease and our financial condition will be negatively impacted. 

In order to be successful, we
believe that we must, among other things: 

increase
 the sales volume and gross margins for our products; 

maintain
 efficiencies in operations; 

manage
 our operating expenses to sufficiently support operating activities; 

maintain
 fixed costs at or near current levels; and 

avoid
 significant increases in variable costs relating to production, marketing and distribution. 

We may not be able to meet these
objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have incurred significant operating expenses in
the past and may do so again in the future and, as a result, will need to increase revenues in order to improve our results of operations.
Our ability to increase sales will depend primarily on success in expanding our current markets, improving our distribution base, entering
into Direct-To-Retail (DTR) arrangements with national accounts, and introducing new brands, products or product extensions to the market.
Our ability to successfully enter new distribution areas and obtain national accounts will, in turn, depend on various factors, many of
which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the continued demand for our brands and products in target markets, the ability
to price our products at competitive levels, the ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors in each geographic
area of distribution and the ability in the future to create, develop and successfully introduce one or more new brands, products, and
product extensions. 

10 

Demand for our products
may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate, market or distribute our products
effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our beverage portfolio is comprised
of a number of unique brands with reputations and consumer imagery that have been built over time. Our investments in marketing as well
as our strong commitment to product quality are intended to have a favorable impact on brand image and consumer preferences. If we do
not adequately anticipate and react to changing demographics, consumer and economic trends, health concerns and product preferences, our
financial results could be adversely affected. 

Additionally, failure to introduce
new brands, products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet the changing preferences of consumers
could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumer preferences
and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our consumers, we
may not succeed. Consumer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste, such as health and nutrition considerations and obesity
concerns, shifting consumer needs, changes in consumer lifestyles, increased consumer information and competitive product and pricing
pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the negative publicity associated with these issues... If we do not adequately
anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in consumer preferences, we may not be able to maintain and grow our brand
image and our sales may be adversely affected. 

Volatility in the price or availability
of the inputs we depend on, including raw materials, packaging, energy and labor, could adversely impact our financial results. 

The principal raw materials we
use include glass bottles, aluminum cans, labels and cardboard cartons, flavorings and sweeteners. These ingredient costs are subject
to fluctuation. Substantial increases in the prices of our ingredients, raw materials and packaging materials, to the extent that they
cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products, would increase our operating costs and could reduce
our profitability. If our supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly, it could affect the affordability
of our products and reduce sales. 

If we are unable to secure sufficient
ingredients or raw materials including glass, sugar, and other key supplies, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. 

11 

Changes in government regulation or failure
to comply with existing regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business and properties are
subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those governing the production, packaging, quality, labeling
and distribution of beverage products. In addition, various governmental agencies have enacted or are considering additional taxes on
soft drinks and other sweetened beverages. Changes in existing laws or regulations could require material expenses and negatively affect
our financial results through lower sales or higher costs. 

We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious,
so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success. 

Our business is dependent upon
awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our target market, trendy, young consumers looking for a distinctive tonality
in their beverage choices. In addition, our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands
as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth. If we are not successful in the revitalization and growth
of our brand and product offerings, we may not achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and
retail consumers. Any failure of our brand to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse
effect on our revenues and financial results. 

Our brands and brand images are keys to our
business and any inability to maintain a positive brand image could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our success depends on our ability
to maintain brand image for our existing products and effectively build up brand image for new products and brand extensions. We cannot
predict whether our advertising, marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our products branding and on
consumer preferences. In addition, negative public relations and product quality issues, whether real or imagined, could tarnish our reputation
and image of the affected brands and could cause consumers to choose other products. Our brand image can also be adversely affected by
unfavorable reports, studies and articles, litigation, or regulatory or other governmental action, whether involving our products or those
of our competitors. 

Competition from traditional and large, well-financed
non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development of our
existing markets, as well as prevent us from expanding our markets. 

The beverage industry is highly
competitive. We compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but also for shelf space in retail outlets and
for marketing focus by our distributors, all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with all non-alcoholic
and alcoholic beverages, most of which are marketed by companies with substantially greater financial resources than ours. Some of these
competitors are placing severe pressure on independent distributors not to carry competitive brands such as ours. We also compete with
regional beverage producers and private label hydration suppliers. 

12 

Increased competitor consolidations,
market-place competition, particularly among branded beverage products, and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our
earnings, market share and volume growth. If, due to such pressure or other competitive threats, we are unable to sufficiently maintain
or develop our distribution channels, we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. Competition, particularly
from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours, could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets,
as well as on our ability to expand the market for our products. 

We may experience a reduced demand for some of our products due to
health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives against sweetened beverages. 

Consumers are concerned about
health and wellness; public health officials and government officials are increasingly vocal about obesity and its consequences. There
has been a trend among some public health advocates and dietary guidelines to recommend a reduction in sweetened beverages, as well as
increased public scrutiny, new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages (as described below), and additional governmental regulations concerning
the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory requirements, whether labeling, tax or otherwise,
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, increasing public concern with respect
to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages and increase desire for more low-calorie soft drinks, water, enhanced water,
coffee-flavored beverages, tea, and beverages with natural sweeteners. We are continuously working to reduce calories and sugar in our
TapouT products while launching new products, to pair with existing brand extensions that round out our diversified portfolio. 

Legislative or regulatory changes that affect
our products, including new taxes, could reduce demand for products or increase our costs. 

Taxes imposed on the sale of certain
of our products by federal, state and local governments in the United States, or other countries in which we operate could cause consumers
to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States have implemented or are considering implementing
taxes on the sale of certain sugared beverages, including non-diet soft drinks, fruit drinks, teas and flavored waters to
help fund various initiatives. These taxes could materially affect our business and financial results. 

Our reliance on distributors, retailers and
brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products, maintain our existing markets and expand
our business into other geographic markets. 

Our ability to maintain and expand
our existing markets for our products, and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas, is dependent on our ability to establish
and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors, retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas.
Most of our distributors, retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products, including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages,
and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the
distributors, retailers and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions
within the network by, without limitation, failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that
may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected
by competition from other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors, retailers and
brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products, including re-stocking
the retail shelves with our products, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, such third-parties 
financial position or market share may deteriorate, which could adversely affect our distribution, marketing and sales activities. 

Our ability to maintain and expand
our distribution network and attract additional distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors, some of which
are outside our control. Some of these factors include: 

the level of demand for
 our brands and products in a particular distribution area; 

our ability to price our
 products at levels competitive with those of competing products; and 

our ability to deliver
 products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors, retailers and brokers. 

We may not be able to successfully
manage all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution. Our inability to achieve success
with regards to any of these factors in a geographic distribution area will have a material adverse effect on our relationships in that
particular geographic area, thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market, which will likely adversely affect our revenues
and financial results. 

13 

It is difficult to predict the timing and amount
of our sales because our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us. 

Our independent distributors and
national accounts are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. In order to reduce their inventory costs,
independent distributors typically order products from us on a just in time basis in quantities and at such times based
on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly, we cannot predict the timing or quantity of purchases by
any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies
and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally, our larger distributors and national partners may make orders that are larger
than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in inventory levels, supply of raw materials or other key supplies could negatively
affect us. 

If we do not adequately manage our inventory
levels, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We need to maintain adequate inventory
levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. Our inventory supply depends on our ability to correctly estimate
demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly for new products, seasonal promotions
and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials,
we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or retailer demand for our products, we may
end up with too much inventory, resulting in higher storage costs, increased trade spend and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail
to manage our inventory to meet demand, we could damage our relationships with our distributors and retailers and could delay or lose
sales opportunities, which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if the inventory
of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional products, which would also
unfavorably impact our sales and adversely affect our operating results. 

If we fail to maintain relationships with our
independent contract manufacturers, our business could be harmed. 

We do not manufacture our products
but instead outsource the manufacturing process to third-party bottlers and independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We do not
own the plants or the majority of the equipment required to manufacture and package our beverage products, and we do not anticipate bringing
the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Our ability to maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other
third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the
success of our operations within each distribution area. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers
or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers, whether in existing or new geographic distribution
areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could increase
our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce gross profits from the sale of our products in that area. Poor relations with any
of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale, which
would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In addition, our agreements with our contract manufacturers are terminable
at any time, and any such termination could disrupt our ability to deliver products to our customers. 

The volatility of energy and increased regulations
may have an adverse impact on our gross margin. 

Over the past few years, volatility
in the global oil markets has resulted in variable fuel prices, which many shipping companies have passed on to their customers by way
of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges. If fuel prices increase, we expect to experience higher shipping rates and fuel
surcharges, as well as energy surcharges on our raw materials. It is hard to predict what will happen in the fuel markets in 2021 and
beyond. Due to the price sensitivity of our products, we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers. 

14 

Disruption within our supply chain, contract
manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability, through our suppliers,
business partners, contract manufacturers, independent distributors and retailers, to make, move and sell products is critical to our
success. Damage or disruption to our suppliers or to manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire
or explosion, terrorism, pandemics such as influenza COVID-19, labor strikes or other reasons, could impair the manufacture, distribution
and sale of our products. Many of these events are outside of our control. Failure to take adequate steps to protect against or mitigate
the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely upon our ongoing relationships with
our key flavor suppliers. If we are unable to source our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers, we could suffer disruptions
in our business. 

We currently purchase our flavor
concentrate from various flavor concentrate suppliers, and continually develop other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products.
Generally, flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavor specific ingredients. Although we have the exclusive rights to
flavor concentrates developed with our current flavor concentrate suppliers, and while we have the rights to the ingredients for our products,
we do not have the list of ingredients for our flavor extracts and concentrates. Consequently, we may be unable to obtain these exact
flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace a flavor supplier, we could experience disruptions
in our ability to deliver products to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel,
our efficiency and operations would be adversely affected; in addition, management turnover causes uncertainties and could harm our business. 

Our success depends on our ability
to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such areas as finance, sales, marketing and product development. We compete to hire
new employees, and, in some cases, must train them and develop their skills and competencies. We may not be able to provide our employees
with competitive salaries, and our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees,
higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. 

 Changes to operations, policies
and procedures, which can often occur with the appointment of new personnel, can create uncertainty, may negatively impact our ability
to execute quickly and effectively, and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition, management transition periods are often difficult
as the new employees gain detailed knowledge of our operations, and friction can result from changes in strategy and management style.
Management turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge, which can negatively affect strategy and execution. 

Further, to the extent we experience
additional management turnover, our operations, financial condition and employee morale could be negatively impacted. In addition, competition
for top management is high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our requirements. If we are unable to attract and retain
qualified management personnel, our business could suffer. 

If we fail to protect our trademarks and trade
secrets, we may be unable to successfully market our products and compete effectively. 

We rely on a combination of trademark
and trade secrecy laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Failure to
protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation, and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further,
enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks, copyrights, licenses and trade secrets, could result
in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property, particularly our trademarks
and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success, and we actively pursue the registration
of our trademarks in the United States and internationally. However, the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights may not
be adequate and may not prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks, trade secrets or similar proprietary
rights. In addition, other parties may seek to assert infringement claims against us, and we may have to pursue litigation against other
parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition, any event that would jeopardize our proprietary
rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands,
profitably exploit our products or recoup our associated research and development costs. 

15 

As part of the licensing strategy
of our brands, we enter into licensing agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use our trademarks and
other designs. Although our agreements require that the use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control and approval, any
breach of these provisions, or any other action by any of our licensing partners that is harmful to our brands, goodwill and overall image,
could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We may be required in the future to record a
significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired. 

Under United States Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ), we are required to review our intangible assets for impairment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable include, declining or slower than anticipated growth
rates for certain of our existing products, a decline in stock price and market capitalization, and slower growth rates in our industry. 

We may be required in the future
to record a significant charge to earnings during the period in which we determine that our intangible assets have been impaired. Any
such charge would adversely impact our results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, our intangible assets totaled approximately 5.81million. 

If we encounter product recalls or other product
quality issues, our business may suffer. 

Product quality issues, real or
imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and could cause consumers to
choose other products. In addition, because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof, or allegations of product contamination,
we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect our profitability
and could negatively affect brand image. 

Our business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is
costly. 

The production, marketing and
sale of our beverages, including contents, labels, caps and containers, are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal, provincial,
state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production batch or run 
is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or production may be stopped, which would adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. Similarly, any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and
our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore, the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while
we closely monitor developments in this area, we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business
adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements, whether labeling, environmental, tax or otherwise, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Significant additional labeling or warning requirements
may inhibit sales of affected products. 

Various jurisdictions may seek
to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements relating to the chemical content or perceived adverse health
consequences of certain of our products. These types of requirements, if they become applicable to one or more of our products under current
or future environmental or health laws or regulations, may inhibit sales of such products. In California, a law requires that a specific
warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. This
law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component found in one of our
products is added to the list, or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available under this law and
related regulations as they currently exist, or as they may be amended, results in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed
substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California, the resulting warning requirements or adverse publicity could affect
our sales. 

16 

Litigation or legal could expose us to significant
liabilities and damage our reputation. 

We may become party to litigation
claims and legal proceedings. Litigation involves significant risks, uncertainties and costs, including distraction of management attention
away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes
and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and disclose
the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available
to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from
those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our employees and
agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations, including those prohibiting improper payments
to government officials. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance by our employees and agents with all
applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation or lead to litigation or legal
proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, as well as disgorgement of profits. 

Additionally, there has been public
attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we believe is due to concern over problems related to harmful use of alcohol,
including drinking and driving, underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. We could be exposed to lawsuits
relating to product liability or marketing or sales practices with respect to our alcoholic products. Adverse developments in lawsuits
concerning these types of matters or a significant decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol products that may result from
lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to risks inherent in sales of
products in international markets. 

Our operations outside of the
United States, contribute to our revenue and profitability, and we believe that developing and emerging markets could present future growth
opportunities for us. However, there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture, distribute or sell will be
accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market, due to local or global competition, product price, cultural differences, and
consumer preferences or otherwise. There are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in foreign markets, including
our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets;
changes in economic, political or social conditions, the status and renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement, imposition
of new or increased labeling, product or production requirements, or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of
our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; inflationary currency, devaluation or fluctuation; increased costs of
doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate
or manage the risks associated with operating in international markets, our business, financial condition or results of operations could
be adversely affected. 

17 

Water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact our
costs and capacity. 

Water is a main ingredient in
substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is needed
in our manufacturing process. It also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. Water is a limited resource in many parts
of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and other consumer and industrial products
whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution and emerging awareness of potential contaminants, poor management, lack
of physical or financial access to water, sociopolitical tensions due to lack of public infrastructure in certain areas of the world and
the effects of climate change. As the demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality
of available water deteriorates, we may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints and the possibility of reputational damage, which
could adversely affect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run. 

Fluctuations in quantity and quality of grape
supply could adversely affect our business. 

A shortage in the supply of quality
grapes may result from a variety of factors that determine the quality and quantity of our grape supply, including weather conditions,
pruning methods, diseases and pests, the ability to buy grapes on long and short-term contracts and the number of vines producing grapes.
Any shortage in grape production could cause a reduction in the amount of wine we are able to produce, which could reduce sales and adversely
impact our results from operations. Factors that reduce the quantity of our grapes may also reduce their quality, which in turn could
reduce the quality or amount of wine we produce. Deterioration in the quality of our wines could harm our brand name, reduce sales and
adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

Contamination of our wines could harm our business. 

We are subject to certain hazards
and product liability risks, such as potential contamination, through tampering or otherwise, of ingredients or products. Contamination
of any of our wines could force us to destroy wine held in inventory and could cause the need for a product recall, which could significantly
damage our reputation for product quality. We maintain insurance against certain of these kinds of risks, and others, under various insurance
policies. However, the insurance may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at a price or on terms that are satisfactory
to us and this insurance may not be adequate to cover any resulting liability. 

Our business and operations would be adversely
impacted in the event of a failure or interruption of our information technology infrastructure or as a result of a cybersecurity attack. 

The proper functioning of our
own information technology (IT) infrastructure is critical to the efficient operation and management of our business. We may not
have the necessary financial resources to update and maintain our IT infrastructure, and any failure or interruption of our IT system could
adversely impact our operations. In addition, our IT is vulnerable to cyberattacks, computer viruses, worms and other malicious software
programs, physical and electronic break-ins, sabotage and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. We
believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology infrastructure and our operations from
these IT-related and other potential disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of any such
IT failures or disruptions, we could potentially be subject to downtimes, transactional errors, processing inefficiencies, operational
delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products to our customers, the compromising of confidential
or personal information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks,
financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. 

If we fail to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws,
we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions and/or private litigation, which could negatively affect our
business and operating results. 

In the ordinary course of our
business, we receive, process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals personal data ), primarily
employees, former employees and consumers with whom we interact. As a result, we are subject to various U.S. federal and state and foreign
laws and regulations relating to personal data. These laws have been subject to frequent changes, and new legislation in this area may
be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. These laws impose operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal
data, and many provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. These requirements with respect to personal data have subjected and
may continue in the future to subject the Company to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and have required and may in the
future require costly changes to our business practices and information security systems, policies, procedures and practices. Our security
controls over personal data, the training of employees and vendors on data privacy and data security, and the policies, procedures and
practices we implemented or may implement in the future may not prevent the improper disclosure of personal data by us or the third-party
service providers and vendors whose technology, systems and services we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of
personal data. Unauthorized access or improper disclosure of personal data in violation of personal data protection or privacy laws could
harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to regulatory enforcement actions (including fines), and result in
private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal
prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results. 

18 

If our third-party service providers and business
partners do not satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, our financial results could suffer. 

In the conduct of our business,
we rely on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, suppliers,
distributors, contractors, joint venture partners and other external business partners, for certain functions or for services in support
of key portions of our operations. These third-party service providers and business partners are subject to similar risks as we are relating
to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory and
market risks of their own. Our third-party service providers and business partners may not fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities
in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms. In addition, while we have procedures in place for selecting and managing
our relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, we do not have control over their business operations
or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.
If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business
partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, our financial results could suffer. 

Our results of operations may fluctuate from
quarter to quarter for many reasons, including seasonality. 

Our sales are seasonal, and we
experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. Companies similar to ours have historically generated a greater
percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year
and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result, management believes that period-to-period comparisons of
results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results
expected for the fiscal year. 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective
assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. 

The U.S. GAAP and related pronouncements,
implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business, such as, but
not limited to, stock-based compensation, trade spend and promotions, and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective
assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions,
estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported results. 

If we are unable to maintain effective disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, our stock price and investor confidence could be materially and
adversely affected. 

We are required to maintain both
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting that are effective. Because of their inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting, however well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, and not absolute, assurance
that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there is only
the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. The failure of
controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results, which could also negatively impact our stock price and investor confidence. 

19 

We are dependent on a distiller in Mexico, to
provide us with our finished SALT tequila product. Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from them or a loss of their services could
cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, and lose credibility in the marketplace. 

We depend on a distiller in Mexico,
a company in Jalisco, for the production, bottling, labeling, capping and packaging of our finished tequila product. We do not have a
written agreement with our distiller in Mexico obligating it to produce our product. The termination of our relationship with our distiller
in Mexico distiller or an adverse change in the terms of its services could have a negative impact on our business. If our distiller in
Mexico increases its prices, we may not have alternative sources of supply at comparable prices and may not be able to raise the prices
of our products to cover all, or even a portion, of the increased costs. In addition, if our distiller in Mexico fails to perform satisfactorily,
fails to handle increased orders, or the loss of the services of our distiller in Mexico, along with delays in shipments of products,
could cause us to fail to meet orders, lose sales, incur additional costs, and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn, this could
cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with our customers and consumers, ultimately leading to a
decline in our business and results of operations. 

Regulatory decisions and changes in the legal,
regulatory and tax environment where our tequila is produced and where we operate could limit our business activities or increase our
operating costs and reduce our margins. 

Our business is subject to extensive
regulation regarding production, distribution, marketing, advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products in the U.S. and in Mexico,
where our tequila is produced. We are required to comply with these regulations and maintain various permits and licenses. We are also
required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import, warehouse, transport, distribute, and sell spirits. We cannot assure
you that these and other governmental regulations, applicable to our industry, will not change or become more stringent. Moreover, because
these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation, we may not be able to predict when, and to what extent, liability may arise.
Additionally, due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems, including driving while intoxicated, underage drinking,
alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol, various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions
or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current
or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products, could result in monetary penalties, suspension or even revocation
of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business, as we may
find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins, which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our
sales and profit potential. 

In addition, the distribution
of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation both in the United States and internationally (and, in the United States,
at both the federal and state government levels), and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise
duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales
revenue and margins, both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories
of beverage alcohol. 

We face substantial competition in the alcoholic
beverage industry, and we may not be able to effectively compete. 

Consolidation among spirits producers,
distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products. Consolidation at any level
could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a result of reduced attention and resources allocated to our brands, both during
and after transition periods, because our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business portfolio. Expansion into new product
categories by other suppliers, or innovation by new entrants into the market, could increase competition in our product categories. Changes
to our route-to-consumer models or partners in important markets could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruption, higher implementation-related
or fixed costs, and could negatively affect other business relationships we might have with that partner. Distribution network disruption
or fluctuations in our product inventory levels with distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could negatively affect our results for a
particular period. 

Our competitors may respond to
industry and economic conditions more rapidly or effectively than we do. Our competitors offer products that compete directly with ours
for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. Pricing, (including price promotions, discounting, couponing, and free
goods), marketing, new product introductions, entry into our distribution networks, and other competitive behavior by our competitors
could adversely affect our sales margins, and profitability. 

Our business operations may be adversely affected
by social, political and economic conditions affecting market risks and the demand for and pricing of our tequila products. These risks
include: 

Unfavorable economic conditions
 and related low consumer confidence, high unemployment, weak credit or capital markets, sovereign debt defaults, sequestrations,
 austerity measures, higher interest rates, political instability, higher inflation, deflation, lower returns on pension assets, or
 lower discount rates for pension obligations; 

Changes in laws, regulations,
 or policies especially those that affect the production, importation, marketing, sale, or consumption of our beverage alcohol
 products; 

20 

Tax rate changes (including
 excise, sales, tariffs, duties, corporate, individual income, dividends, capital gains), or changes in related reserves, changes
 in tax rules or accounting standards, and the unpredictability and suddenness with which they can occur; 

Dependence upon the continued growth of brand names; 

Changes in consumer preferences,
 consumption, or purchase patterns particularly away from tequila, and our ability to anticipate and react to them; bar, restaurant,
 travel, or other on premise declines; 

Unfavorable consumer reaction
 to our products, package changes, product reformulations, or other product innovation; 

Decline in the social acceptability
 of beverage alcohol products in our markets; 

Production facility or
 supply chain disruption; 

Imprecision in supply/demand
 forecasting; 

Higher costs, lower quality,
 or unavailability of energy, input materials, labor, or finished goods; 

Route-to-consumer changes that affect the timing of our sales, temporarily
disrupt the marketing or sale of our products, or result in higher implementation related or fixed costs; 

Inventory fluctuations
 in our products by distributors, wholesalers, or retailers; Competitors consolidation or other competitive activities, such
 as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, couponing, or free goods), marketing, category expansion,
 product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets; 

Insufficient protection
 of our intellectual property rights; 

Product recalls or other
 product liability claims; product counterfeiting, tampering, or product quality issues; 

Significant legal disputes
 and proceedings; government investigations (particularly of industry or company business, trade or marketing practices); 

Failure or breach of key
 information technology systems; 

Negative publicity related
 to our company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance or prospects; and 

Business disruption, decline,
 or costs related to organizational changes, reductions in workforce, or other cost-cutting measures, or our failure to attract or
 retain key executive or employee talent. 

Uncertainty in the financial markets and other
adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect
our industry, business and results of operations. 

Global economic uncertainties,
including foreign currency exchange rates, affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, making it difficult to accurately forecast
and plan our future business activities. There can be no assurance that economic improvements will occur, or that they would be sustainable,
or that they would enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult
to forecast our future results, making any investment in us highly speculative. 

We have a limited operating history,
and our historical financial and operating information is of limited value in predicting our future operating results. We may not accurately
forecast customer behavior and recognize or respond to emerging trends, changing preferences or competitive factors facing us, and, therefore,
we may fail to make accurate financial forecasts. Our current and future expense levels are based largely on our investment plans and
estimates of future revenue. As a result, we may be unable to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected
revenue shortfall, which could then force us to curtail or cease our business operations. 

21 

Risks Related to our Securities 

An investment in our common stock is speculative
and there can be no assurance of any return on any such investment. 

An investment in tour common stock
is speculative and there is no assurance that investors will obtain any return on their investment. Investors will be subject to substantial
risks involved in an investment in the Company, including the risk of losing their entire investment. 

Future sales of common stock, or the perception
of such future sales, by some of our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 

The market price of our common
stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market or the perception that these sales
may occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares in the
future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 

From time to time, certain of
our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their common shares by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), subject to certain limitations.
In general, pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months subject only to the current public information
requirement. Affiliates may sell after six months subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), and current
public information and notice requirements. 

Our Board of Directors may issue and fix the terms of shares
of our Preferred Stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our Common Stock or any
change in control of our Company. 

Our Articles of Incorporation
authorize the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, with par value 0.001 per share, with such
designation rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is empowered,
without shareholder approval, to issue shares of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which
could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. In the event of such issuances, the preferred
stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our company.
Any such issuance would be subject to terms and conditions of any current offering that may disallow any such issuance. 

Because certain principal stockholders own a
large percentage of our voting stock, other stockholders voting power may be limited. 

As of December 31, 2022, our ten
(10) largest shareholders own or controlled approximately 35.5 of our outstanding common stock. If those stockholders act together, they
would have the ability to have a substantial influence on matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and
removal of directors and the approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, our
other stockholders may have little or no influence over matters submitted for shareholder approval. In addition, the ownership of such
stockholders could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us, and consequently, adversely affect the price of our common stock. These
stockholders may make decisions that are adverse to your interests. 

We do not expect to pay dividends and investors
should not buy our Common Stock expecting to receive dividends. 

We do not anticipate that we will
declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, you will only realize an economic gain on your investment in our
common stock if the price appreciates. You should not purchase our common stock expecting to receive cash dividends. Therefore, our failure
to pay dividends may cause you to not see any return on your investment even if we are successful in our business operations. 

22 

There can be no assurances that our common
stock will not be subject to potential delisting if we do not continue to maintain the listing requirements of the NYSE American. 

Since June 11, 2021, our common
stock has been listed on the NYSE American, under the symbol SBEV . The NYSE American has rules for continued listing,
including, without limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements. Failure to maintain our listing (i.e., being de-listed
from the NYSE American), would make it more difficult for shareholders to sell our common stock and more difficult to obtain accurate
price quotations on our common stock. This could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Our ability to issue additional
securities for financing or other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially
and adversely affected if our common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. 

Our common stock could be further diluted as
the result of the issuance of additional common stock, convertible securities, warrants or options. 

Our issuance of additional common
stock, convertible securities, options and warrants could affect the rights of our stockholders, result in a reduction in the overall
percentage holdings of our stockholders, could put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock, could result in adjustments
to conversion and exercise prices of outstanding notes and warrants, and could obligate us to issue additional common stock to certain
of our stockholders. 

23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None 

Item 2. Properties. 

Splash s physical office is located at 1500
Cordova Rd; Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316 and 1491 2 nd Street, Sarasota FL 34236 while our business office is located at 1314 East
Las Olas Blvd, Suite 221, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. Copa s office/manufacturing facility is located at 901 E. 2 nd Street;
The Dalles, OR 97058. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to any pending legal proceedings that we believe
will have a material adverse effect on our business or financial conditions. We may, however, be subject to various claims and legal actions
arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The Company s Common Stock and tradeable
warrants are quoted on the NYSE American under the symbol SBEV and SBEV WS . 

Aggregate Number of Holders of Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 41,085,520 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding. As of March 31, 2023, at our transfer agent and non-objecting beneficial owners totaled approximately
4,800 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

We have not declared any cash dividends on our common
stock since inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for
use in our business operations. Any decisions as to future payment of cash dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position
and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table gives information as of December
31, 2022, the end of the most recently completed fiscal year, about shares of common stock that have been issued under our Splash Beverage
Group, Inc. 2020 Incentive Plan. Under the 2020 Incentive Plan we have 1,151,000 options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. See Note
6. 

Plan
 Category 
 No.
 of Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise or Vesting of Outstanding Stock Options 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Stock Options 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity
 compensation plan approved by board of directors 
 1,151,000 
 2.56 
 1,899,509 

Total 
 1,151,000 
 2.56 
 1,899,509 

24 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer. 

There were no repurchase of our common stock during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

This item is not required for Smaller Reporting Companies. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read
in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. 

Business Overview 

Canfield Medical Supply, Inc. a company s whose
common stock was quoted on the OTCQB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with SBG Acquisition Inc. Merger Sub ),
a Nevada Corporation wholly-owned by Canfield, and Splash Beverage Group, II Inc. a Nevada corporation Splash pursuant
to which Merger Sub merged with and into Splash (the Merger with Splash as the surviving company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Canfield. The Merger was consummated on March 31, 2020. 

As the owners and management of Splash had voting
and operating control of CMS following the Merger, the Merger transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition (that is with Splash
as the acquiring entity), followed by a recapitalization. 

On July 31, 2020, CMS changed its name to Splash Beverage
Group, Inc. SBG ). On June 11, 2021, SBG s common stock and warrant to purchase common stock began trading on the
NYSE American under the symbols SBEV and SBEV WT, respectively 

On November 8, 2021, SBG reincorporated into the State
of Nevada and became a Nevada corporation. 

Our principal offices are located at 1314 E. Las Olas Blvd, Suite 221,
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301. Our main telephone number is (954) 745-5815. Our website address is www.splashbeveragegroup.com. We have
not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K the information that can be assessed through our website and you should
not consider it to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December
31, 2022, compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

Revenue 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
 18.1m compared to revenues of 11.3m for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 6.8m increase in sales was mainly due to the increase
in our ecommerce division distribution platform, Qplash of 6.4m. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

 Cost of goods sold for year ended December 31, 2022
were 12.1m compared to cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 8.3m. The 4.7m increase in cost of goods sold was
due to our increased sales and inflation. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31,
2022 were 27.3m compared to 33m for the year ended December 31, 2021. Non cash operating expenses related to share issuance was 7.4m
as of December 31, 2022 compared 18.4m in December 31, 2021. The cash expense increase of 5.3m is mainly driven by an increase in sales
and marketing cost of 2.0m to drive sales and promote the brands, delivery fees of 2.0m and an increase in Amazon selling fees of 0.6m
associated with higher sales of Qplash division. 

25 

Other Income/(Expense) 

Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022
were 245,429 compared to 262,450 for the year ended December 31, 2021. These cost are mainly interest expense. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate
funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors
in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures.
In addition, the Company has an active registration statement on Form S-3 to facilitate raising additional funds. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total cash of 4,431,745,
as compared with 4,181,383 at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to issuances of notes payable and stock subscription
agreements offset by expenses relating to the operating the business. 

Net cash used for continuing operating activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 14,061,116 as compared to the net cash used by continuing operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2021, of 14,697,179. The primary reason for the change in net cash used due to an increase of 0.4m in operating loss
operating losses of the business, offset by a decrease of 1.2m in working capital Net cash used for discontinued operating activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022, was 32,774 as compared to 515,952 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to discontinuing
the business on June 30, 2022. 

Net cash used for investing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022, was 102,698 as compared to the net cash used for investing activities during the year ended December 31,
2021, of 0. The net cash used in the year 2022 was for a capital expenditure for out of home used for advertising and building improvements. 

Net cash provided by financing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022, was 14,446,951 compared to 19,014,524 provided from financing activities for the year ended December 31,
2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 11,428,591 from the issuance of common stock compared to 19,630,565 during
the year ending December 31, 2021. We received 4,045,420 and 928,000 proceeds from the issuance of debt in years ending December 31,
2022 and 2021 respectively. In the year ending December 31, 2022 390,500 shareholder advance was repaid and in year ending December 31,
2021 390,500 cash advance from shareholder was received. Principal repayment of debt 636,560 and 1,673,296 were made in years ending
December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. In year ending December 31, 2021 a cash advance repayment of 261,245 was made. 

In order to have sufficient cash to fund our operations,
we will need to raise additional equity or debt capital. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed
from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. We will be required to pursue sources of additional
capital through various means, including debt or equity financings. Future financings through equity investments are likely to be dilutive
to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for new investors.
Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, and
the issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur
substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing
and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities
we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our financial condition. Our ability to obtain needed
financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets and our history of losses, which could impact the availability or cost
of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities together with our revenues from operations,
is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to curtail
or cease operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

26 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 229) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Year Ended December 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Splash Beverage Group, Inc. at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements operations,
stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Intangible Assets Impairment
Assessments 

 As described in Notes 2 and
4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has intangible assets of approximately 4.9 million at December 31, 2022. In most
cases, no directly observable market inputs are available to measure the fair value to determine if the asset is impaired. Therefore,
an estimate is derived indirectly and is based on valuation techniques utilizing undiscounted and discounted after-tax cash flows and
discount rates. The estimates that management used in calculating the net present values depend on assumptions specific to the nature
of the management service activities with regard to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows; long-term forecasts; actions
of competitors (competing services), future tax and discount rates. 

The principal considerations
for our determination that performing procedures relating to the intangible assets impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are
the significant judgment by management when developing the net present value of the intangible assets. This in turn led to a high degree
of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related
to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved
performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements
These procedures included testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate; evaluating the appropriateness of
the net present value techniques; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the model; and evaluating the significant
assumptions used by management, including the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate. Evaluating management s
assumptions related to the amount and timing of projected future cash flows and the discount rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions
used by management reasonable considering the current and past performance of the intangible assets, the consistency with external market
and industry data, and whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ Daszkal Bolton LLP 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2020 

Fort Lauderdale, 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts Receivable, net 

Prepaid Expenses 

Inventory 

Other receivables 

Assets from discontinued operations 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Deposit 

Goodwill 

Intangibles assets, net 

Investment in Salt Tequila USA, LLC 

Right of use asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Liabilities: 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Right of use liability 

Related party notes payable 

Notes payable 

Liability to issue shares 

Shareholder advances 

Accrued interest payable 

Liabilities from discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Right of use liability 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued 

Common Stock, par, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

) 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Contracted services 

Salary and wages 

Non-cash share-based compensation 

Other general and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

Other income/(expense): 

Other Income 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Gain from debt extinguishment 

Total other expense 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Gain on discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Other Comprehensive loss 

Foreign Currency Translation loss 

Total Comprehensive Income 

Loss per share - continuing operations 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - continuing operations 

Basic and Diluted 

Income (loss) per share - discontinued operations 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - discontinued operations 

Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of warrants for services 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash 

Mezzanine shares 

Net loss 

) 
 ) 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock on convertible instruments 

Issuance of warrants for services 

Issuance of warrants on convertible instruments 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash 

Accumulated Comprehensive Income - Translation 

Net loss 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements Cash Flows 
 
 For the Year Ended December 30, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

ROU
 asset, net 

Gain
 from debt extinguishment 

Gain
 from sale of discontinued operation 

Non-cash
 warrant expense 

Changes
 in working capital items: 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory,
 net 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued
 Interest payable 

Net
 cash used in operating activities - continuing operations 

Net
 cash used in operating activities - discontinued operations 

Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities: 

Capital
 Expenditures 

Net
 cash used in investing activities - continuing operations 

Net
 cash used in investing activities - discontinued operations 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Common stock 

Cash
 advance (repayment) from shareholder 

Repayment
 of cash advance 

Proceeds
 from issuance of debt 

Principal
 repayment of debt 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities - continuing operations 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities - discontinued operations 

Net
 Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for Interest 

Cash
 paid for Taxes 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Convertible
 notes payable and accrued interest converted to common stock (377,796 shares) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

, payable in the combination of 
in cash Cash Consideration ), convertible promissory note (the Convertible Note to Seller and
a variable number of shares of the Company s common stock based on a attainment of revenue hurdles. CdV is one of the leading producers
of premium wine by the glass in the United States with its primary offices and facilities in The Dalles, Oregon. 

On February 2021, Management initiated a plan to divest its CMS business.
As a result, the assets and operations of CMS have been retrospectively reflected as discontinued operations. On November 12, 2021 the
Company changed its state of Domicile from Colorado to Nevada. 

In coordination with up listing to the NYSE on
June 11, 2021 the Company consummated a 1.0 for 3.0 reverse stock split. All common stock shares stated herein have been adjusted to reflect
the split. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Our cash in bank deposit accounts, at times, may
exceed federally insured limits of .
At December 31, 2022 we had approximately 3.8m over
the federally insured limits. Our cash in uninsured foreign bank accounts was at
December 31, 2022. 

and , respectively. 

and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

- years. Company management reviews the recoverability of all long-lived assets, including the related
useful lives, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset might not be recoverable. 

Depreciation expense totaled and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

Machinery equipment 

Buildings Tanks 

Leasehold improvements 

Office furniture equipment 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant equipment, net 

per
employee for eligible employers. The tax credit is equal to of qualified wages paid to employees during a quarter, capped at 
of qualified wages per employee through December 31, 2020. Additional relief provisions were passed by the United States government, which
extend and slightly expand the qualified wage caps on these credits through December 31, 2021. Based on these additional provisions, the
tax credit is now equal to of qualified wages paid to employees during a quarter, and the limit on qualified wages per employee has
been increased to of qualified wages per quarter. The Company qualified for the tax credit under the CARES Act. Copa Di Vino received
 which represents refunds for the quarters ended March, June and September 2021 Form 941 Employer Quarterly Federal Tax Returns. 

likelihood that a tax
benefit will be sustained, our policy is to record the largest amount of tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon
ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. 

For those income tax positions where there is less
than 50 likelihood that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit will be recognized in the financial statements. Company management
has determined that there are no material uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. See not 13. 

. 

and for the years ended December 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. 

million and 
 million from the proceeds from the issuance common stock and debt, respectively. These events served to mitigate the
conditions that previously raised substantial doubt about 

 the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of US GAAP for a going concern, on the premise that Company s
ability to meet its obligations as they come due in the normal course of business. The Company sustained a net loss of approximately 
million and negative cash flows from operating activities of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022. To
date the Company has generated cash flows from issuances of equity and indebtedness. 

Management believes
that its current available resources will be sufficient to fund the Company s planned expenditures over the next 12 months. However,
management recognizes that it may be required to obtain additional resources via issuances of indebtedness or equity to successfully execute
its business plans. No assurances can be given that management will be successful in raising additional capital, if needed, or on acceptable
terms. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company determine it shall be unable to continue as a going concern. 

. The note included warrants for
 shares of common stock at per share. The warrants expired as unexercised. The loan matured and remains in default. 

In
 September 2021, we entered into a twelve-month loan with a company in the amount of . The loan and interest was paid off
 in June 2022. 

In
 December 2020, we entered into a 56 month loan with a company in the amount of . The loan requires payments of 3.75 through
 November 2022 and 4.00 through September 2025 of the previous months revenue 

In
 April 2021, we entered into a six-month loan with a individual in the amount of . The loan matures in October 2021 with principal
 and interest due at maturity. The loan was extended to January 2023 

In
 April 2021, we entered into a six-month loan with a individual in the amount of . The loan had an original maturity of
 October 2021 with principal and interest due at maturity. The loan was extended to January 2023 

In
 May 2021, we entered into a six-month loan with a individual in the amount of . The loan had an original maturity of
 October 2021 with principal and interest due at maturity. The loan was extended to January 2023 

In
 May 2021, we entered into a six-month loan with a individual in the amount of . The loan had an original maturity of
 October 2021 with principal and interest due at maturity. The principal and interest was converted into shares of common stock in
 February 2022 

In
 May 2021, we entered into a six-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The loan had an original maturity of
 October 2021 with principal and interest due at maturity. The loan was extended to January 2023. 

In
 May 2021, we entered into a six-month loan with a individual in the amount of . The loan had an original maturity of
 October 2021 with principal and interest due at maturity. The principal and interest was converted into shares of common stock in
 February 2022. 

In
 November 2021, we entered into a one-year loan with a individual in the amount of . The loan had an original maturity of
 November 2021 with principal and interest due at maturity. The principal and interest was converted to shares of common stock
 in April 2022 

In
 August 2022, we entered into a 56-months auto loan in the amount of . 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

In
 December 2022, we entered into an eighteen-month loan with an individual in the amount of . The note included 100 warrant
 coverage. The loan matures in June 2024 with principal and interest due at maturity. 

Total
 notes payable 

Less
 notes discount 

Less
 current portion 

Long-term
 notes payable 

Interest expense on notes payable was and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accrued interest was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively. 

Notes discount of for the year ending December 31, 2022 is related
to the discounted warrants on the December notes. The year ending December 31, 2021 did not have discounted warrants. 

. The loan was paid off in June 2022 

Less current portion 

Long-term notes payable 

Interest expense on related party notes payable was
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

There were 
unpaid royalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. We paid the guaranteed minimum royalty payments of 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which is included in general and administrative expenses. 

In connection with the Copa APA, we acquired the license
to certain patents from 1/4 Vin SARL 1/4 Vin On February 16, 2018, the Copa di Vino entered into three separate license
agreements with 1/4 Vin SARL, (1/4 Vin). 1/4 Vin has the right to license certain patents and patent applications relating to inventions,
systems, and methods used in the Company s manufacturing process. In exchange for notes payable, 1/4 Vin granted the Company a nonexclusive,
royalty-bearing, non-assignable, nontransferable, terminable license which would continue until the subject equipment is no longer in
service or the patents expire. Amortization is approximately annually until the license agreement is fully amortized. The asset
is being amortized over a -year useful life. 

shares of common stock as part of the public offerings, shares in exchange for services, shares
in connection with the purchase of Copa di Vino, shares on conversion of convertible instruments, and shares for cash. 

Private Placement Memorandum (PPM) 

In January 2021, the Board of Directors approved a
private placement offering of shares of the common stock of the Company, a purchase price of per share for aggregate gross
proceeds of 4,000,000 PPM ). As part of the PPM, each purchaser received a warrant to purchase one share for every
two shares purchased. In February 2021, we completed our PPM by issuing a total of of shares and warrants receiving
gross proceeds of approximately . 

In July 2022, we issued 
 shares of common stock of the Company, at a purchase price of 
 per share. In December 2022, we issued 
 shares of common stock of the Company, at a purchase price of 
 per share this placement included 
warrant coverage. 

In December 2022, we issued Convertible Notes for
 shares at per share with warrants to purchase shares of common stock at per share. 

Stock Plans 

A summary of the Company s stock option plan
and changes during the year ended is as follows: 

Total 

On August 2020, the Board adopted the 2020 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ), which provides for the grant of Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Performance Units and Performance Bonuses to consultants and eligible recipients. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following is a summary of the Company s
stock option activity: 

Granted 

Exercises 

Cancelled 

Balance - end of the year 

Exercisable end of year 

In September 2021 we granted options to
purchase common stock of the Company to employees, consultants, and directors. These options vest over two years. 

In May 2022, we granted options to purchase
common stock to employees and consultants, these options vest between one and four years. 

The Company determined the grant date fair value of
the options granted using the Black Scholes Method using the following assumptions: 

Exercise price 

Expected life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
 options vested with a weighted average grant date fair value of Stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was 
 and , respectively. 

At December 31, 2022, there was 
options unvested with an average grant date fair value of and
 of
unrecognized compensation costs related to stock options which will be recognized over the weighted average remaining years of
 . 

The following is a summary of the Company s Warrant activity 

Granted 

Exercises 

Cancelled 

Balance - end of the year 

In January 2021 we issued warrants to purchase
common stock of the Company in connection with the January 2021 private placement offering of shares of common stock. 

In May 2021 we granted warrants to purchase
common stock of the Company to a director. These warrants vest over two years. 

We issued warrants to purchase common stock
of the Company in connection with the June 2021 underwritten public offering of shares of common stock, in addition to 
warrants to purchase common stock of the Company to the representative underwriter. 

The fair value of warrants recognized in the period
has been estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions. 

Exercise price 

Expected life 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

(the Gross Amount with the Lender (the Credit Facility ). 

There were related party notes payable in the
amount of 
million outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and were repaid in 2022. 

percentage interest in SALT
Tequila USA, LLC SALT ), and has the right to increase its ownership to . This investment is accounted for at cost. 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The following table sets for the maturities of our operating lease liabilities and reconciles the respective undiscounted payments to
the operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Amount
 representing imputed interest 

Total operating
 lease liability 

Current
 portion of operating lease liability 
 ) 
 
 Operating
 lease liability, non-current 

The table below presents information for lease costs
related to our operating leases at December 31, 2022: 

Interest
 of lease liabilities 

Total
 operating lease cost 

The operating lease cost at December 31, 2022 was
 and at December 31, 2021 was . 

The table below presents lease- related terms and
discount rates at December 31, 2022: 

to months 
 
 Incremented
 borrowing rate 

E-Commerce 

Total
 Revenues continuing operations 

Total
 Revenues discontinuing operations 

Contribution
after Marketing expenses 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Splash
Beverage Group 

() 

E-Commerce 

Total
Contribution after Marketing expenses continuing operations 

Contracted
services 

Salary
and wages 

Non-cash
share-based compensation 

Other
general and administrative 

Loss
from continuing operations 

) 

) 

Total
 Assets 
 December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Splash
 Beverage Group 

E-Commerce 

Medical
 Devices Discontinued 

Total
 Assets 

Splash Beverage Group revenue increased for the year ending December 31,
2022 versus December 31, 2021 by 0.3m or 6.7 with largest contribution from TapouT and Pulpoloco. Contribution after Marketing expenses
declined by 2.4m for the year ending December 31, 2022 versus December 31, 2021 driven by raw material cost increases and faster growth
of lower margin brands affecting the overall mix of sales. 

E-Commerce revenue increased for the year ending December 31, 2022 versus
December 31, 2021 by 6.4m driven by expanded territory coverage, new products being sold and increased cart size when customers checking
out. Contribution after Marketing expenses increased by 2.4m due to increased sales partially offset by cost increases. 

shares of Common Stock for total gross proceeds of approximately 
million. After deducting the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, we received net proceeds of
approximately 
million. 

Representative s Warrants 

On June 15, 2021, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the Company issued the Representative s Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock. The Representative s
Warrants may be exercised beginning on December 10, 2021 until June 10, 2026. The initial exercise price of each Representative Warrant
is per share, which represents 115 of the Offering Price. 

, which will be available to offset future taxable income. If not used,
these carry forwards will begin to expire in 2032, except for the net operating losses generated January 1, 2018 and after, which can
be carried forward indefinitely. 

There was income tax expense or benefit for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the full valuation allowance recorded. 

The reconciliation of the income tax benefit is computed
at the U.S. federal statutory rate as follows: 

Permanent Differences 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The tax effects of temporary differences which give
rise to the significant portions of deferred tax assets or liabilities at December 31 are as follows: 

Deferred Rent 

Accrued Interest/Interest Expense Limitation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Total Net Deferred Tax Assets 

The Company continually evaluates expiring statutes of limitations, audits,
proposed settlements, changes in tax law and new authoritative rulings. The open tax years subject to examination with respect to the
Company s operations are 2015 through 2022. 

note payable that was in default was settled via payment of 

In February 2023 the Company received million
from a Private Placement issuance of convertible notes. The notes convert into M shares of our common stock. 

In February 2023 the Company transferred cash in
bank deposits accounts to the maximum federally insured limits of 
to minimize unissued funds. At March 29, 2023 we had 
over the federally insured limits. 

We have notes that expire in 2023 that we will extend
or payoff. 

F- 25 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

On March 9, 2023, the Company
was advised by Daszkal Bolton, LLP Daszkal ), the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, that Daszkal
completed a business combination agreement with CohnReznick LLP CohnReznick ). As a result of this transaction, Daszkal
will resign as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm upon the Company filing its annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s current Daszkal audit team is now part of CohnReznick and the Company expects
it will likely engage CohnReznick to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s
fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, but has not engaged CohnReznick at this time. 

Daszkal s reports on
the Company s financial statements for the past two years did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were
not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the subsequent interim periods through November 14, 2022,
there were (i) no disagreements (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between the Company
and Daszkal on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which,
if not resolved to Daszkal s satisfaction, would have caused Daszkal to make reference thereto in its reports on the financial statements
for such years; and (ii) no reportable events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K, except that Daszkal advised the Company of material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2021 and 2020. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(1) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We have adopted and maintain
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods required under the SEC s rules and forms and that the information is gathered and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer), to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that due to our limited
resources our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in providing material information required to be included in our
periodic SEC filings on a timely basis and to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure about our internal control over financial reporting discussed below Following the 2021
evaluation by management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures we implemented
new controls and process in 2022. 

(2) Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Our internal control system was designed
to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to our management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published
financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on that assessment, our management has determined
that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to material weaknesses related to a
limited segregation of duties due to our limited resources and the small number of employees. Management has determined that this control
deficiency constitutes a material weakness which could result in material misstatements of significant accounts and disclosures that could
result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. In addition,
due to limited staffing, we are not always able to detect minor errors or omissions in reporting. 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding management s assessment of our internal
control over financial reporting pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC. 

(3) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

 There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting other than items highlighted above, identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules
13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

27 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth our executive officers
and directors, their ages and position(s) with the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Robert Nistico 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Ronald Wall 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

William Meissner 
 
 56 
 
 President, Chief Marketing Officer 

Justin Yorke 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Peter McDonough 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Candace Crawford 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

Directors are elected annually
and hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company and until their successors are elected. Officers are
elected annually by the Board of Directors (the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board. 

Robert Nistico, age 59, on March
31, 2020 became the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of the Company. Since 2012, Mr. Nistico has served as the Chief
Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Splash Beverage Group, Inc., prior to the Company s acquisition by CMS. Mr. Nistico
also served as the president of Viva Beverages, LLC from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Nistico was the fifth employee at Red Bull North America, Inc.
where he worked from 1996 to 2007 and served as Vice President of Field Marketing and Sr. Vice President/General Manager. Mr. Nistico
was instrumental in building the Red Bull brand in North and Central America and the Caribbean from no revenues to 1.45 billion in annual
revenues. Earlier, he held the brand position of Regional Portfolio V.P and Division Manager for Diageo (formerly I.D.V. / Heublein),
General Sales Manager for Republic National (formerly The Julius Schepps Company) and North Texas State Manager for The E J Gallo
Winery (and a variety of other management positions for those companies). Mr. Nistico serves as a director of Apollo Brands. Mr. Nistico
has more than 27 years of experience in the beverage industry, including direct and indirect sales management, strategic brand management
 marketing, finance, operations, production and logistics. Mr. Nistico holds a B.A. from the University of Colorado. 

Ronald
Wall, age 56, became Chief Financial Officer in May 2022. Mr. Wall is a collaborative finance executive with expertise leveraging analysis,
insights and team approaches, driving organizational improvements, and implementing practices and controls. From 2016 to 2022, Mr. Wall
served as the Chief Financial Officer for Americas of William Grant Sons Inc., a premium spirits company. Previously, Mr. Wall served
in various capacities at William Grant Sons Inc., including Chief Financial Officer for North America, and Chief Financial Officer
for the United States of America. 

William Meissner, age 56, became
the President and Chief Marketing Officer of the Company in May of 2020. Mr. Meissner is a proven leader with more than twenty years of
success in growing consumer brand companies with both large multinational and medium sized entrepreneurial organizations. Meissner has
held several other leadership and board director roles. Prior to Splash Meissner was a board director and CEO in a beverage vertical organized
by a mid-cap PE firm designed to acquire and build emerging brands, where he acquired two legacy tea brands from Nestle, Sweet Leaf Tea
and Tradewinds Tea. Meissner served as CEO and Board Director or Genesis Today, Inc. a plant based superfood and supplement company, CEO
and Board Director of a joint venture between Distant Lands Coffee Inc. and Caffitaly Systems s.p.a called Tazza Pronto Inc., CEO and
Board Director of Jones Soda Inc., President of Talking Rain Beverages, Inc., Chief Marketing Officer of Coca-Cola s Fuze Beverages,
Brand Director of PepsiCo s SoBe Beverages and Category Manager of Nutritional Beverages for Tetra Pak Inc. Meissner has an MBA
from the University of Pittsburgh s Katz Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor s degree from Michigan State University. 

28 

Justin Yorke, age 56, became a
member of the Board of the Company on March 31, 2020. Since March 31, 2020, Mr. Yorke has also served as the Company s Secretary.
Mr. Yorke has over 25 years of experience in finance. Based in Hong Kong for over 10 years, he managed funds for a private Swiss Bank,
Darier Henstch from 1997 to 2000. Prior to that, from 1995 to 1997, Mr. Yorke managed funds for Peregrine Investments and from 1990 to
1995 Unifund, Asia, Ltd, Hong Kong, a high net-worth family office headquartered Geneva, Switzerland. From 2000 to 2004, he was a partner
at Asiatic Investment Management, based in San Francisco. Since 2004, Mr. Yorke has been a partner in San Gabriel Advisors, LLC and Arroyo
Capital Management, LLC and is the manager of the San Gabriel Fund, JMW Fund and Richland Fund. The funds are highly diversified in focus
with investment holdings, public, private equity and debt investments and real estate investments. He has a B.A. degree from UCLA. Mr.
Yorke is the principal of WesBev LLC, which prior to the merger between CMS and our Company was the majority shareholder of the Company.
He also is an acting director and audit committee chair of Processa Pharmaceuticals, (Nasdaq: PCSA). Mr.
Yorke served as non-executive Chairman of Jed Oil and a Director/CEO at JMG Exploration. 

Peter J. McDonough, age 64, has
served as an independent director of the Company since October 5, 2020 and previously served as a member of the Board of Splash Beverage
Group, Inc. prior to the Company s acquisition by CMS. Mr. McDonough brings more than 30 years of executive leadership experience
from an array of global industry leading consumer goods companies. Most recently, Mr. McDonough was Chief Executive Officer of Trait Biosciences,
Inc. (2019-2022) after serving as an independent management consultant (2016-2018). Earlier, Mr. McDonough served as President, Chief
Marketing and Innovation Officer for Diageo North America (2006-2015). Prior to joining Diageo, Mr. McDonough was Vice President, European
Marketing at The Procter Gamble Company (2004-2006), where he led the Duracell Battery and Braun Appliance marketing organizations.
From 2002 to 2004, Mr. McDonough was a member of the graduate business school faculty and lecturer at the University of Canterbury in
Christchurch, New Zealand. Prior to this academic post he served as Vice President of Marketing for Gillette North America s Blade
Razor Grooming Products Business where he directed the market launch of industry leading brands like Mach3 Turbo and Venus Razors.
Earlier in his career, Mr. McDonough served as Director of North American Marketing at Black Decker where he was involved in launching
the DeWalt Power Tool Company. Mr. McDonough received a B.A. from Cornell University and a Master of Business Administration from the
Wharton School of Business. He is also an independent director on the Board of Franklin BSP Realty Trust (NYSE: FBRT). 

Candace Crawford, age 67, has
served as an independent director since May 24, 2021. Ms. Crawford is a highly accomplished senior executive and entrepreneur with more
than 30 years of success across the food and beverage, consumer products, manufacturing, retail, and commercial real estate industries.
Her broad areas of expertise include strategic planning, growth and growing businesses, financial acumen, P L, operations, and governance.
Since 2017, Ms. Crawford has served as an adviser and board member to various companies. Ms. Crawford has sat on the board of Vive Organic
since February 2019-2022, when the Company was sold and the board of Skin Te since June 2018. She served as the CEO of Coco Libre from
2015 to 2017, when the Company was sold. Under her management, she was able to expand distribution, grow product innovation and build
awareness of the flagship coconut water brand Coco Libre. Prior to this, she was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
at Zico Beverages LLC from 2009 to 2013, when the Company was sold. Before making her debut in the beverage world, Ms. Crawford was the
Chief Financial Officer for five different companies including Metropolitan Theaters; Virgin Entertainment Group; Resort Theaters of America;
OMP; and Ancora Capital. Ms. Crawford holds a Bachelor of Science in Business from the University of Southern California and is a Certified
Public Accountant. 

29 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among and between
the issuer s directors, officers, persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors or officers, or beneficial owners
of more than ten percent of any class of the issuer s equity securities. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires
that our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock (referred to herein as the
 reporting persons file with the SEC various reports as to their ownership of and activities relating to our common stock.
Such reporting persons are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely
on our review of copies of the reports filed with the SEC and the written representations of our directors and executive officers, we
believe that all reporting requirements for fiscal year 2022 were complied with by each person who at any time during the 2022 fiscal
year was a director or an executive officer or held more than 10 of our common stock, except for the following: Justin Yorke, Candace
Crawford, Peter McDonough and Robert Nistico each filed a late Form 4 report on March 31, 2022, related to the granting of options to
purchase our common stock on September 30, 2021; Ms. Crawford filed a late Form 4 report on April 5, 2022, related to the granting of
options to purchase our common stock on May 16, 2021; Mr. Nistico filed a late Form 4 report on May 31, 2022, related to the purchase
of our common stock on May 26, 2022; and Mr. Nistico filed a late Form 4 report on June 7, 2022, related to the purchase of our common
stock on June 3, 2022. 

Committees of the Board
of Directors 

Audit Committee 

We have separately designated
an Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things, the appointment, compensation, removal and oversight
of the work of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, overseeing the accounting and financial reporting process
of the Company, and reviewing related person transactions. Our Audit Committee is comprised of Peter McDonough and Candace Crawford.
Under NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Also, as a smaller
reporting company, we are only required to maintain an audit committee of two independent directors. Our Board has determined that Peter
McDonough and Candace Crawford are independent under NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Candace Crawford is the Chairperson
of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board has determined that Candace Crawford
qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The Audit Committee operates under
a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors, which can be found in on our website at www.splashbeveragegroup.com. During 2022,
the Audit Committee held four meetings in person or through conference calls. 

Compensation
and Management Resources Committee 

We have established a Compensation
and Management Resources Committee of our Board of Directors. The purpose of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee is to
assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to executive compensation, succession planning for the Company s executive
team, and to review and make recommendations to the Board regarding employee benefit policies and programs, incentive compensation plans
and equity-based plans. 

The members of our Compensation
and Management Resources Committee are Peter McDonough and Candace Crawford. Candace Crawford is the
chairperson of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee . 

Under NYSE listing standards,
we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent directors. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Peter J. McDonough and Candace Crawford is independent under NYSE listing
standards. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee is responsible for, among other things, (a) reviewing all compensation
arrangements for the executive officers of the Company and (b) administering the Company s stock option plans. The Compensation
and Management Resource Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors, which can be found on our website
at www.splashbeveragegroup.com within the Investor Information section. 

30 

The duties and responsibilities
of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee in accordance with its charter are to review and discuss with management and the
Board the objectives, philosophy, structure, cost and administration of the Company s executive compensation and employee benefit
policies and programs; no less than annually, review and approve, with respect to the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive
officers (a) all elements of compensation, (b) incentive targets, (c) any employment agreements, severance agreements and change in control
agreements or provisions, in each case as, when and if appropriate, and (d) any special or supplemental benefits; make recommendations
to the Board with respect to the Company s major long-term incentive plans applicable to directors, executives and/or non-executive
employees of the Company and approve (a) individual annual or periodic equity-based awards for the Chief Executive Officer and other executive
officers and (b) an annual pool of awards for other employees with guidelines for the administration and allocation of such awards; recommend
to the Board for its approval a succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer, addressing the policies and principles for selecting
a successor to the Chief Executive Officer, both in an emergency situation and in the ordinary course of business; review programs created
and maintained by management for the development and succession of other executive officers and any other individuals identified by management
or the Compensation and Management Resources Committee; review the establishment, amendment and termination of employee benefits plans,
review employee benefit plan operations and administration; and any other duties or responsibilities expressly delegated to the Compensation
and Management Resources Committee by the Board from time to time relating to the Committee s purpose. 

The Compensation and Management
Resources Committee may request any officer or employee of the Company or the Company s outside counsel to attend a meeting of the
Compensation and Management Resources Committee or to meet with any members of, or consultants to, the Compensation and Management Resources
Committee. The Company s Chief Executive Officer does not attend any portion of a meeting where the Chief Executive Officer s
performance or compensation is discussed, unless specifically invited by the Compensation and Management Resources Committee. 

The Compensation and Management
Resources Committee has the sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation consultant to be used to assist in the evaluation
of director, Chief Executive Officer or other executive officer compensation or employee benefit plans and has sole authority to approve
the consultant s fees and other retention terms. The Compensation and Management Resources Committee also has the authority to obtain
advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting or other experts, advisors and consultants to assist in carrying out
its duties and responsibilities and has the authority to retain and approve the fees and other retention terms for any external experts,
advisors or consultants. 

During 2022, the Compensation
Management Resources Committee held two meetings in person or through conference calls. 

31 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee is responsible for overseeing the appropriate and effective governance of the Company, including, among other things, (a) nominations
to the Board of Directors and making recommendations regarding the size and composition of the Board of Directors and (b) the development
and recommendation of appropriate corporate governance principles. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Peter
McDonough and Candace Crawford, each of whom is an independent director (as defined under Section 803 of the NYSE American LLC Company
Guide). The Chairperson of the committee is Peter McDonough. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written
charter adopted by the Board of Directors, which can be found on our website at www.splashbeveragegroup.com within the Investor
Information section. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee adheres to the Company s bylaws provisions and Securities and Exchange Commission rules relating to proposals by stockholders
when considering director candidates that might be recommended by stockholders, along with the requirements set forth in the committee s
Policy with Regard to Consideration of Candidates Recommended for Election to the Board of Directors, also available on our website. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for identifying and selecting qualified candidates
for election to the Board of Directors prior to each annual meeting of the Company s stockholders. In identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the Committee considers each candidate s qualities, experience, background and skills, as well as other factors,
such as the individual s ethics, integrity and values which the candidate may bring to the Board of Directors. 

During 2021, the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee held two meetings in person or through conference calls. 

Meetings of the Board of Directors same
as above 

During 2022, the Board
of Directors held five meetings. During 2022, each member of our Board of Directors attended at least 75 of the
aggregate of all meetings of our Board of Directors and of all meetings of committees of our Board of Directors
on which such member served that were held during the period in which such director served. 

The Board of Directors also approved certain actions
by unanimous written consent. 

Director Independence 

The NYSE
listing standards require that a majority of our Board be independent. Our Board has determined that Peter J. McDonough and Candace Crawford
are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

Our Directors and Executive Officers have not been
involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
 of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal
 proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated
 with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court
 of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to
 have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a
 party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation
 respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party
 to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

32 

7. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. Any federal
or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. Any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction,
order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
order; or 

iii. Any law or
regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board leadership structure
and role in risk oversight 

The Board of Directors oversees
our business and affairs and monitors the performance of management. In accordance with corporate governance principles, the Board of
Directors does not involve itself in day-to-day operations. The directors keep themselves informed through discussions with the Chief
Executive Officer and other key executives, visits to the Company s facilities, by reading the reports and other materials that
we send them and by participating in Board and committee meetings. Each director s term will continue until the election and qualification
of his or her successor, or his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 

Code of Ethics 

We have
adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers (including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and any person performing similar functions) and employees. Our Code of Ethics is available at our website at www.splashbeveragegroup.com . 

33 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information for our
two most recently completed fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 concerning all of the compensation awarded to,
earned by the executive officers named below. 

Name 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Other 
 Stock Awards 
 Options 
 Total 
 
 Robert Nistico 
 2022 
 325,000 
 100,000 
 14,400 

439,000 
 
 Robert Nistico 
 2021 
 325,000 
 162,500 
 14,400 
 
 1,378,000 
 1,879,900 

William Meissner 
 2022 
 325,000 
 90,000 

415,000 
 
 William Meissner 
 2021 
 325,000 
 162,500 

260,000 
 747,500 

Ronald Wall 
 2022 
 217,708 
 60,000 
 28,429 
 
 254,100 
 560,237 
 
 Dean Huge 
 2021 
 150,000 
 30,000 
 
 225,334 
 
 405,334 

Directors Compensation 

During the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, our directors were paid compensation in cash for serving as Directors of the Company. 

Name 
 Year 
 Compensation 
 Options/Warrants 
 Total 
 
 Candace Crawford 
 2022 
 75,000 
 
 75,000 
 
 Candace Crawford 
 2021 
 31,250 
 1,075,000 
 1,106,250 

Peter McDonough 
 2022 
 69,996 
 
 69,996 
 
 Peter McDonough 
 2021 
 29,165 
 325,000 
 354,165 

Justin Yorke 
 2022 

Justin Yorke 
 2021 
 
 325,000 
 325,000 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table summarizes the total outstanding
equity awards as of December 31, 2022, for each Named Executive Officer: 

Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options / Warrants Exercisable 
 Option / Warrant Awards Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options / Warrants Exercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Robert Nistico 
 2/28/2020 
 159,008 
 
 2.19 
 2/27/2025 
 
 Robert Nistico 
 10/16/2020 
 1,000,000 
 
 2.25 
 10/15/2027 
 
 Robert Nistico 
 9/16/2021 
 530,000 
 
 2.60 
 9/15/2026 
 
 William Meissner 
 10/16/2020 
 416,667 
 
 2.25 
 10/15/2027 
 
 William Meissner 
 9/16/2021 
 66,666 
 33,334 
 2.60 
 9/15/2026 
 
 Ronald Wall 
 5/2/2022 
 27,750 
 83,250 
 2.31 
 5/2/2032 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following individuals is 1314 East Las Olas
Blvd, Suite 221 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 

34 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, and as adjusted to reflect the
sale of common stock in this offering, for: 

each of our current directors
 and executive officers; 

all of our current directors
 and executive officers as a group; and 

each person, or group of
 affiliated persons, who beneficially owned more than 5 of our common stock. 

Except as indicated by
the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole
voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially, subject to applicable community property
laws. Unless otherwise specified, the address for each of the persons named in the table is 1314 E Las Olas Blvd. Suite 221, Fort Lauderdale,
Florida 33301. 

Our calculation of the
percentage of beneficial ownership prior to this offering is based on 25,655,515 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023.
We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of
beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship
or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment
power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned
by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares
are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option)
within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person or persons, the
amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person or persons (and only such person
or persons) by reason of these acquisition rights. 

Name 
 Shares of Common Stock 
 Percentage of Common Stock 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Robert Nistico 
 1,350,000 
 3.3 

Justin Yorke(1) 
 5,486,109 
 13.4 

Peter McDonough 
 22,716 
 0.1 

Candace Crawford 

William Meissner 

Ronald Wall 

Officers and Directors as a Group (6 individuals) 
 6,858,825 
 16.7 
 
 5 or greater owners: 

LK Family Partnership 
 2,898,797 
 7.1 

Total 
 9,757,622 
 23.7 

(1) 
 Of which 3,297,243 shares are held by Richland Fund LLC, 1,398,012 shares are held by JMW Fund LLC and 790,854 shares are held by San Gabriel LLC. All funds are managed by Mr. Yorke. 

35 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence. 

The following is a description
of the transactions and series of similar transactions, since December 31, 2022, that we were a participant or will be a participant in,
which: 

the amount involved exceeds
 the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the smaller reporting company s total assets at year-end for the last
 two completed fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive
 officers, holders of more than 5 of our capital stock (which we refer to as 5 stockholders or any member of their
 immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements with directors and
 executive officers. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

December 31, 2022 

Audit 
 193,000 
 
 Audit related 

Tax 
 19,725 
 
 Total 
 212,725 

December 31, 2021 

Audit 
 182,430 
 
 Audit related 

Tax 
 3,200 
 
 Total 
 185,630 

36 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K: 

1. Financial Statements. See the Financial Statements
starting on page F-1. 

2. Exhibits. The exhibits listed
in the Exhibit Index, which appears immediately following the signature page and is incorporated herein by reference, and filed as part
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SPLASH BEVERAGE GROUP, INC. (Registrant) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Nistico 

Name: 
 Robert Nistico 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Act of 1934 this Annual Report on Form 10-K was signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates stated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Robert Nistico 

Robert Nistico 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 

(Principle
 Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ronald Wall 

Ronald Wall 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Treasurer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Justin Yorke 

Justin Yorke 
 
 Director,
 Secretary 
 
 March
 31, 2023 

/s/Peter
 McDonough 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Peter McDonough 

/s/
 Candace Crawford 

Candace Crawford 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 

38 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement dated June 10, 2021 between Splash Beverage Group and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2021) 

1.2 
 
 Underwriting Agreement dated June 10, 2021 between Splash Beverage Group and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2022) 

1.3 
 
 Underwriting Agreement dated September 23, 2022, between Splash Beverage Group and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2022) 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 31, 2019 by and among Canfield Medical Supply, Inc., SBG Acquisition, Inc., and Splash Beverage Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K dated January 7, 2020) 

2.2 
 
 Form of Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2020) 

3.1 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.2 filed with Form 8-K1 filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 filed with Form8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 2.2 filed with Form8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021) 

3.4 
 
 Statement of Merger filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Colorado (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 2.3 filed with Form8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement between Splash Beverage Group Inc. and Equinity Trust Company dated as of June 15, 2001 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 

39 

10.1 
 
 Form of SBG Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Form of New Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.5 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 Revenue Loan and Security Agreement dated (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020) 

10.5 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020) 

10.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020) 

10.7 
 
 An Agreement Regarding Other Accounts Payable dated (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020) 

10.8 
 
 Martin Employment Agreement dated (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.5 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020) 

10.9 
 
 Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidential Information Agreement (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.6 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 31, 2020) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 21, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 21, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 

40 

10.15 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 21.1 filed with Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2021) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Daszkal Bolton LLP 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/ 15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification of CEO pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted, pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of CFO pursuant to 18. U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted, pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document
 (filed herewith) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema (filed herewith) 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase (filed herewith) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase (filed herewith) 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase (filed herewith) 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition
 Linkbase (filed herewith) 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document filed as Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

41 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 e4403_ex4-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.4

EXHIBIT 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following summarizes the material terms of the
capital stock of Splash Beverage Group, Inc. Splash, our Company, we or us ).
Splash is a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada, and accordingly its internal corporate affairs are governed
by Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) and by its articles of incorporation (our articles of incorporation and its by-laws, which
are filed as exhibits to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov .
The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of Nevada law and our articles of incorporation
and by-laws, which are subject to future amendment in accordance with the provisions thereof. Our common stock is the only class of our
securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. The number of
shares of our common stock and preferred stock issued and outstanding as of the date provided on the cover page of the Annual Report is
41.085,520 and 0, respectively. 

Common Stock 

Voting Rights. Each outstanding share is entitled
to one vote upon each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders, and each fractional share is entitled to a corresponding
fractional vote on each such matter. Cumulative voting of shares of stock of the Company is not allowed or authorized in the election
of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Dividends. Dividends in cash, property or shares
may be paid upon the stock, as and when declared by our Board of Directors, out of funds of the Company to the extent and in the manner
permitted by law. 

Other Rights. The holders of our common stock
have no preemptive rights and no rights to convert their common stock into any other securities, and our common stock is not subject to
any redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Preferred Stock 

Under our articles of incorporation and subject to
the limitations prescribed by law, our Board of Directors may have such classes and preference of shares of preferred stock as the Board
of Directors may determine from time to time. 

When and if we issue additional shares of preferred
stock, we will establish the applicable preemptive rights, dividend rights, voting rights, conversion privileges, redemption rights, sinking
fund rights, rights upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up and any other relative rights, preferences and
limitations for the particular preferred stock series. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Nevada Law, Our Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws 

Nevada common law includes certain provisions, which
may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control or in our management or encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender
offers or other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts.
These provisions include authorized blank check preferred stock, restrictions on business combinations, and the availability of authorized
but unissued Common Stock. 

Options and Warrants 

As of the date provided on the cover page of the Annual
Report, the Company had 1,151.000 options outstanding and 14,343,896 warrants outstanding. 

Listing 

Our common stock trades on the NYSE American under
the symbol SBEV . 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

VStock Transfer is serving as our transfer agent and
registrar. They are located at 18 Lafayette Pl, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 e4403_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Splash Beverage Group, Inc. 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-259865) and Form S-8 (No. 333-248109) of Splash Beverage Group, Inc., of our report dated March 31, 2023,
relating to the consolidated financial statements of Splash Beverage Group, Inc. at and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Daszkal Bolton, LLP 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e4403_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Robert
Nistico, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Splash Beverage Group, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within the registrant, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Robert Nistico 

Robert Nistico 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e4403_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Ronald Wall, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Splash Beverage Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within the registrant, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Ronald Wall 

Ronald Wall, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Office) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 e4403_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Form 10-K of Splash Beverage Group, Inc., a company duly formed under the laws of Colorado (the Company ), for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
Robert Nistico, CEO and Chairman of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best
of his knowledge, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Robert Nistico 

Robert
 Nistico 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 e4403_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Form 10-K of Splash Beverage Group, Inc., a company duly formed under the laws of Colorado (the Company ), for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
Ronald Wall CFO of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of her knowledge,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Ronald Wall 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sbev-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sbev-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sbev-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sbev-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

