<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_1689548_0001689548-23-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9860752</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>633770</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3092645</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2535963</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1791096</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1675766</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001689548-23-000044.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230207081138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001689548-23-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001689548
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39620
		FILM NUMBER:		23592845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 HIGH STREET, 30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-300-8460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 HIGH STREET, 30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001689548-23-000044.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 prax-20221231.htm
 10-K

prax-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from________ to_________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date was approximately million. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 28 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 82 
 Item 2. Properties 
 82 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 82 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 82 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 83 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 83 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and results of Operations 
 84 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 95 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 96 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 126 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 126 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 126 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 126 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 127 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 141 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 145 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 148 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 149 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 152 
 Signatures 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company and we have incurred significant losses since our inception. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product discovery and development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 
 The development and commercialization of drug products is subject to extensive regulation, and the regulatory approval processes of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates on a timely basis if at all, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 
 Preclinical and clinical drug development involves a lengthy, complex and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences following regulatory approval, if obtained. 
 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our future clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 
 We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological and scientific change, and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are safer, more advanced or more effective than ours, which may negatively impact our ability to successfully market or commercialize any product candidates we may develop and ultimately harm our financial condition. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 
 We have entered into, and may enter into, license or other collaboration agreements that impose certain obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under such agreements with third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our current or future licensors, we could lose rights that may be important to our business. 
 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts. 
 
 We depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. 
 
 We depend heavily on our executive officers, principal consultants and others, and the loss of their services would materially harm our business. 
 
 The price of our stock has been and may in the future be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains express or implied forward-looking statements that are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the success, cost and timing of our product candidate development activities and clinical trials; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 
 the ability to license additional intellectual property relating to our product candidates from third parties and to comply with our existing license agreements and collaboration agreements; 
 the ability and willingness of our third-party research institution collaborators to continue research and development activities relating to our product candidates; 
 our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, in light of the intellectual property rights of others; 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete further development and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates; 
 the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; 
 our plans to research, develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates; 
 future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, and any other approved product; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 
 regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 
 our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 
 the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 
 our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel; and 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we 

Table of Contents 

reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits hereto completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should therefore not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our product candidates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from our own internal estimates and research as well as from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any third-party information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, their estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections, involve numerous assumptions, are subject to risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 BUSINESS 
 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company translating insights from genetic epilepsies into the development of therapies for central nervous system, or CNS, disorders characterized by neuronal excitation-inhibition imbalance. Normal brain function requires a delicate balance of excitation and inhibition in neuronal circuits, which, when dysregulated, can lead to abnormal function and both rare and more prevalent neurological disorders. We are applying genetic insights to the discovery and development of therapies for neurological disorders through two proprietary platforms, using our understanding of shared biological targets and circuits in the brain. Each platform currently has multiple programs, with significant potential for additional program and indication expansion: 
 Cerebrum , our small molecule platform, utilizes deep understanding of neuronal excitability and neuronal networks and applies a series of computational and experimental tools to develop orally available precision therapies 
 Solidus , our antisense oligonucleotide, or ASO, platform, is an efficient, targeted precision medicine discovery and development engine anchored on a proprietary, computational methodology 
 Our platforms utilize a deliberate, pragmatic and patient-guided approach, leveraging a suite of translational tools, including novel transgenic and predictive translational animal models and electrophysiology markers, to enable an efficient path to proof-of-concept in patients. Through this approach, we have established a diversified, multimodal CNS portfolio with four clinical-stage product candidates across movement disorders and epilepsy. 
 Cerebrum (small molecule platform) 
 We have built a platform, Cerebrum , which is enabled by innovative computational and experimental tools, to discover and develop first- and best-in-class CNS small molecule therapies. Our world-class ion channel discovery science team, along with external collaborators, accelerate our ability to create and execute novel screening cascades for our selected genetic targets. Fundamental to advancement of candidates are our multiscale disease models that link genetic cause to network function to elucidate novel drivers of disease phenotype. We employ translational biomarkers such as quantitative electroencephalography , or qEEG, to guide dose selection, with the goal of improving probability of success in the clinic. The precision application of our candidates is guided by genomics and informatics to identify, stratify and activate patients for trial recruitment and execution. To date, Cerebrum has generated three clinical stage product candidates ulixacaltamide (formerly known as PRAX-944), PRAX-562 and PRAX-628, and has the potential to continue delivering first- and best-in-class orally available therapies for genetic CNS targets. 
 Solidus (ASO platform) 
 We have built a platform, Solidus , to discover and develop first- and best-in-class ASOs with high probability of advancement into the clinic. Solidus is enabled by our proprietary, computational workflow to discover ASOs with desired drug-like properties to optimize for up/down-regulation, avoidance of toxic motifs and optimization of binding affinity and specificity. Furthermore, we are collaborating with Cerebral Therapeutics on next-generation, intracerebroventricular, or ICV, CNS delivery technology for select disease targets that necessitate biodistribution to deeper brain areas such as the caudate, striatum and thalamic and subthalamic nucleii. We believe this will provide a gateway for the advancement of ASOs against targets where others have previously failed or not endeavored to advance. Led by our clinical-stage product candidate, PRAX-222, Solidus has also generated novel ASOs with preclinical proof of mechanism, including PRAX-080, for which we expect to nominate a development candidate for the treatment of PCDH19 in the second half of 2023, PRAX-090 and PRAX-100, and the platform is uniquely positioned to continue discovering and advancing new ASOs for novel genetic CNS targets. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Below is a summary of our portfolio: 

PRAX-020 (KCNT1) is a research collaboration with UCB Biopharma SRL 
 +PRAX-080 (PCDH19), PRAX-090 (SYNGAP1) PRAX-100 (SCN2A-LoF) ASOs are a collaboration with The Florey Institute of Neuroscience and Mental Health 
 Our Strategy Approach to Drug Development 
 We leverage the genetics of epilepsy as a gateway for CNS drug discovery and development. Recent investigations have led to the identification of over 500 genes that are causal or risk factors for different forms of epilepsy, providing the field with an outsized understanding of epilepsy genetics relative to other diseases such as Alzheimer s disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, and many others. The genetic origin provides clarity around how to address the underlying disease biology and precisely meet the needs of patients not only suffering from epilepsy, but also other neurological disorders of neuronal imbalance with shared pathophysiological mechanisms informed by the same genetics, including movement disorders. It is through our two platforms, Cerebrum and Solidus , that we aim to translate these insights into the discovery, development and potential commercialization of clinically meaningful medicines for patients. 
 We believe that fostering an ecosystem of collaborators to support our internal research, clinical and commercial efforts is critical to our strategy. Our collaborators include world-renowned research groups and drug developers, clinical research organizations, or CROs, innovative patient mapping database companies, experts in translational tools, next-generation drug delivery technology companies and others. In addition, we are deeply embedded within the communities that we serve and believe that the more we know about the impact on patients, caregivers and communities at large, the better positioned we will be to deliver on what patients actually need. 
 Underlying each of our programs are four key principles that we believe will increase probability of success and allow us to sustainably and efficiently translate insights into high-impact therapies for patients and society: 
 1. Focus on therapeutic targets identified through human genetics. By applying insights derived from the genetics of epilepsies, we have identified biological targets that are implicated in determining neuronal excitability in epilepsies and also in other CNS disorders. 
 2. Utilize translational tools to validate the potential of our targets and product candidates. We leverage translational tools to both confirm pharmacodynamic effects of our drug product candidates in the brain and establish on-mechanism effects. Our programs utilize target-specific electroencephalogram, or EEG, endpoints to serve as robust markers of pharmacological engagement of the drug target and novel transgenic animal models to assess the therapeutic activity of our molecules. We expect these tools, along with rigorous preclinical pharmacokinetics, or PK, and pharmacodynamic characterization of our molecules will position us to more efficiently translate preclinical findings into clinical utility. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

3. Pursue efficient, rigorous clinical development paths to proof-of-concept in humans . Our development strategies are focused on defining efficient paths to demonstrate the safety and therapeutic activity of our programs in humans. We select indications that we believe will enable early and robust demonstration of desired effect in a relatively small patient sample and we focus on clinical endpoints that minimize inter-patient variability. Our global network of CROs and scientists affords us the flexibility to conduct research and development activities in diverse geographic locations to help accelerate development timelines and limit geographic risks. 
 4. Apply patient-guided development strategies. We pursue the development of candidates that address the treatment needs of patients, caregivers and the treating community, including targeting the underlying disease pathology versus just symptom management. We focus on clinical endpoints that offer a clear connection between pharmacodynamic effects and clinical measures that are meaningful to patients, physicians and regulatory agencies. We intend to develop therapies that provide patients long-term relief from their disorders and significantly reduce the overall burden to patients and caregivers. Our development strategies are tailored to demonstrate these benefits. 
 CLINICAL STAGE PROGRAMS 
 We have advanced four product candidates to clinical stage, including three small molecules through the Cerebrum platform and one ASO through the Solidus platform: 
 Ulixacaltamide for Essential Tremor and Parkinson s disease 
 Our most advanced program, ulixacaltamide, is a differentiated and highly selective small molecule inhibitor of T-type calcium channels currently being studied for the treatment of Essential Tremor, or ET, in a Phase 2b study, and for the treatment of Parkinson s disease, or PD, in a proof of concept, Phase 2 study. In ET, ulixacaltamide demonstrated positive results in a Phase 2a study (NCT05021978) in 2022 and the Phase 2b Essential1 study (NCT05021991) is ongoing, with topline results expected in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Ulixacaltamide Phase 2b Essential1 study 
 The Essential1 study is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-range finding Phase 2b clinical trial evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability of once-daily treatment of ulixacaltamide compared to placebo after 56 days in participants with moderate-to-severe ET. Approximately 130 participants have been randomized to receive one of two titrated, fixed-dose regimens for 56 days (60 or 100 mg) or placebo, administered orally every morning. The primary endpoint for Essential1 is change from baseline to Day 56 in the modified Activities of Daily Living, or mADL, score, the suggested efficacy endpoint for ET by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA. The mADL endpoint is a composite measure of tremor-related activities over the previous week that assesses the direct impact of ET on the lives of patients. The mADL endpoint is functionally relevant for people living with ET, representing a modified measure of the Essential Tremor Rating Assessment Scale, or TETRAS, ADL subscale with the addition of two items from the TETRAS performance section, or PS . 
 Ulixacaltamide Phase 2 study for PD 
 We plan to initiate a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 trial to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of once-daily treatment of up to 100 mg of ulixacaltamide as a non-dopaminergic treatment for the motor symptoms of PD in the first quarter of 2023. The primary endpoint will be change from baseline in the International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society Unified Parkinson s Disease Rating Scale, or UPDRS, Part III (motor examination) score in the OFF state. Topline results are expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Essential Tremor 
 ET is the most common movement disorder with a prevalence of approximately 7 million patients in the United States alone, including more than two million diagnosed patients, one million of whom are actively treated for their ET. ET is characterized by involuntary rhythmic movements in the upper limbs that significantly disrupt ability to function and are progressive in nature. There is only one approved pharmacotherapy for ET, a beta blocker (propranolol), approved by the FDA in 1967, that offers limited efficacy and poor tolerability and is contraindicated for comorbidities that affect a significant share of the ET population. Other CNS drugs are used off-label, though similarly are characterized by limited efficacy and poor tolerability. For these reasons, approximately 40 of patients who seek pharmacotherapy treatment discontinue within two years. As a last line therapy, a small subset of patients will opt for invasive procedures such as gamma knife and MRI guided focused ultrasound thalamotomy, where part 
 9 

Table of Contents 

of the thalamus involved in the cerebello-thalamo-cortical, or CTC, circuit is ablated, or deep brain stimulation, or DBS, where an electrode is implanted to deliver therapeutic electrical stimulation to the thalamus. While these procedures are generally effective, they are associated with significant side effects and risk. Therefore, many patients who are eligible elect not to have these procedures. In totality, there is significant unmet need for an effective and tolerable pharmacotherapy targeted for ET. 
 Parkinson s Disease 
 PD is the second most common movement disorder behind ET, with approximately one million diagnosed patients in the United States and 10 million patients worldwide. Roughly 60,000 patients are diagnosed with PD each year in the United States alone. PD is characterized by slow movement (bradykinesia), in combination with either rest tremor and/or rigidity. Symptoms progress over time in severity and eventually affect both sides of the body, often impairing ADLs such as dressing and eating. Non-motor symptoms, such as impaired smell, sleep disorders, gastrointestinal symptoms and psychiatric disorders like depression also play a pivotal role in the daily life of PD patients. 
 The cornerstone of treatment for PD has been dopaminergic replacement therapy. L-dopa, or levodopa, a formulation of replacement dopamine, is considered the standard treatment of PD. Levodopa has been shown to be highly effective in improving symptoms of bradykinesia and rigidity, but has a variable impact on tremor. Other common PD medications mainly reduce dopamine metabolism or are dopamine receptor agonists. While chronic dopaminergic therapy is effective, it can result in distressing side effects of motor fluctuations (wearing off) and levodopa-induced dyskinesias, impulse control disorders and psychosis. These side effects are disabling and, at times, more severe and distressing than the PD symptoms themselves. Patients may also opt for a more invasive procedure to deliver continuous dopamine stimulation with levodopa-carbidopa enteral suspension to continuously control motor fluctuations and dyskinesias. 
 DBS is typically reserved for those patients who respond to dopaminergic therapy, like levodopa, but have residual symptoms. Further, DBS carries significant risks associated with brain surgery, including intracerebral hemorrhage, infection, hemiparesis and cognitive decline. The prospect of neurosurgery in later years is often overwhelming or contraindicated e.g. , due to presence of cognitive impairment), and many patients are not treated with DBS. Therefore, we believe there is significant unmet need for an effective and tolerable treatment for motor symptoms associated with PD. 
 PRAX-562 for rare, monogenic DEEs 
 PRAX-562 is a first-in-class preferential inhibitor of persistent sodium current, presently in development for the treatment of rare developmental and epileptic encephalopathies, or DEEs. In-vivo studies of PRAX-562 have demonstrated dose-dependent block of seizures up to complete inhibition of seizure activity in SCN2A, SCN8A and other DEE mouse models. PRAX-562 has been generally well-tolerated in three Phase 1 studies and has demonstrated biomarker changes indicative of voltage-gated sodium channel, or NaV channel, blocking effects. PRAX-562 has received Orphan Drug Designation, or ODD, and Rare Pediatric Disease Designation, or RPD, from the FDA, and ODD from the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE and SCN8A-DEE, respectively. 
 PRAX-562 Phase 2 EMBOLD study 
 In November 2022, we announced plans to initiate the PRAX-562 Phase 2 EMBOLD study for the treatment of pediatric patients with DEEs, following FDA authorization to proceed with the study as we proposed, up to the planned maximum dose of 1.0 mg/kg/day. The study is expected to initiate in the first quarter of 2023, with two cohorts in early-onset SCN2A-DEE and SCN8A-DEE patients. The EMBOLD study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, efficacy (motor seizure frequency) and PK of PRAX-562 in pediatric participants aged 2 to 18 years with DEEs, followed by an open-label extension. Approximately 20 participants will be enrolled initially in two distinct cohorts (n 10 for SCN2A-DEE and n 10 for SCN8A-DEE). Topline results for both cohorts are expected in the second half of 2023. 
 Rare, monogenic DEEs 
 Epilepsies are common neurological disorders characterized by brain excitation-inhibition, or E/I, imbalance. Hyperexcitability can lead to abnormal synchronization of neurons and neuronal circuits, which is the electrical basis of a seizure. Fundamentals of brain electrophysiology and mechanisms dictating seizure genesis are conserved across species and, consequently, animal models of seizures and epilepsy enable a clinically predictive and 
 10 

Table of Contents 

therefore efficient drug development path. A subset of epilepsies are rare, monogenic DEEs characterized by early onset (less than 2 years of age), frequent seizures, abnormal epileptiform EEG activity, developmental impairment and resistance to available antiepileptic drugs, or AEDs. Furthermore, these DEEs are associated with a high mortality rate and comorbidities such as developmental delay in addition to behavioral disorders, movement disorders, pain and sensory dysfunction and sleep disruptions. The understanding of the etiology of DEEs has been revolutionized by recent whole-exome sequencing initiatives that revealed over 60 genetic causes of epilepsy. 
 An underlying pathologic feature of many DEEs is dysregulated neuronal activity leading to hyperexcitability, seizures and associated comorbidities. This phenomenon is observed in many pediatric DEEs with an identified genetic cause, such as PCDH19, SCN8A, SCN2A, KCNT1, KCNQ2, KCNQ1, STXBP1 and SYNGAP1, as well as epilepsies in which a genetic cause remains unclear, such as Lennox Gastaut Syndrome, or Doose Syndrome. Up to 40 of DEEs are caused by single gene mutations, enabling precision medicine approaches. Given the overlapping biology, phenotypic presentation and clinical execution considerations, we believe that developing a portfolio of drugs to treat DEEs will create a distinct body of knowledge that can be leveraged within our operating ecosystem to develop meaningful therapies for this group of patients with devastating unmet clinical needs. 
 Standard-of-care sodium channel blockers modulate neuronal activity by targeting peak sodium current, which can reverse the pathological neuronal hyperexcitability that underlies many CNS conditions, but simultaneously affects the physiological cellular action potential firing required for a functioning nervous and cardiovascular system. While standard-of-care sodium channel blockers inhibit persistent sodium current, they also block peak sodium current at therapeutic concentrations, which can cause significant adverse events, or AEs, such as ataxia, drowsiness and dizziness, and therefore have a very narrow Therapeutic Index, or TI, resulting in subpar outcomes for patients and significant need for better therapeutic options. 
 We believe that there is a significant medical unmet need in DEEs, coupled with an untapped and significant market opportunity for targeted drugs. 
 SCN2A-DEE 
 Early onset SCN2A-DEE is a rare condition caused by a gain-of-function, or GoF, variant in the SCN2A gene. The SCN2A gene encodes the NaV1.2 subunit of brain sodium channels, which control neuronal excitability by regulating the flow of sodium ions into neurons. This movement of sodium ions is a major component of generating electrical signals called action potentials, the way in which the cells communicate. Early-onset SCN2A-DEE presents before three months of life and can lead to profound impact on patients, including drug-resistant seizures, significant cognitive impairment, movement disorders such as dystonia or ataxia, and problems in other body systems such as the gastrointestinal or ocular systems. Currently, there are no approved treatments for SCN2A-DEE, and the standard-of-care typically involves a regimen of many concurrent anti-seizure medications as well as medications for comorbidities. Despite these interventions, it is estimated that more than 80 of early-onset SCN2A-DEE patients live with uncontrolled seizures, and approximately 75 live with severe intellectual disability. It is estimated that there are at least 1,500 patients in the United States with GoF changes in SCN2A leading to epileptic encephalopathy. 
 SCN8A-DEE 
 SCN8A-DEE is a rare DEE caused by a gain-of-function variant in the SCN8A gene. Similar to SCN2A-DEE, patients with SCN8A-DEE suffer from recurrent, typically drug-resistant seizures, which start as early as the first day of life. The seizures can be of multiple different types, up to dozens per day, with poor response to current treatment options. Patients with SCN8A-DEE have significant cognitive disabilities, ranging from moderate to severe, often have movement disorders, such as dystonia or ataxia, and have problems in other body systems such as the gastrointestinal or ocular systems. SCN8A-DEE patients also may experience autonomic features such as increases or decreases in heart rate, abnormal breathing and cyanosis. It is estimated that there are at least 1,000 patients in the United States with SCN8A-DEE. 
 PRAX-222 for SCN2A-DEE 
 PRAX-222 is a clinical-stage ASO designed to down-regulate Na V 1.2 expression, an effect that has demonstrated disease-modifying activity in animal models of SCN2A epileptic encephalopathy. In transgenic mice carrying a human SCN2A GoF mutation, we observed a significant, dose-dependent reduction in seizures and increased survival of mice treated with a mouse ASO that is designed to down-regulate SCN2A. The survival benefit from the ASO was maintained with repeat dosing. We also observed survival benefits following administration of a 
 11 

Table of Contents 

mouse ASO to a group of mice after onset of disease and around the time of onset of mortality. PRAX-222 has received ODD and RPD from the FDA, and ODD from the EMA for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE. 
 PRAX-222 EMBRAVE study 
 In September 2022, we announced plans to initiate the PRAX-222 EMBRAVE study for the treatment of pediatric patients with early-onset SCN2A-DEE, after the FDA allowed us to proceed under an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application for the initial dose cohort, or Part 1 of the study. Following collection of the safety and efficacy data from Part 1, the data will be evaluated and submitted to the FDA to support further dose escalation. Part 1 of the EMBRAVE study is a 21-week open label cohort, in which participants will receive PRAX-222 for up to 13 weeks, designed to determine the safety and tolerability of intrathecal delivery of PRAX-222. We expect topline results from the first dose cohort of the PRAX-222 EMBRAVE study in mid-2023. 
 PRAX-628 for Focal Epilepsy 
 PRAX-628 is a potential best-in-class sodium channel blocker designed with enhanced targeting of both the persistent sodium current and disease-state dependent peak sodium current hyperexcitability, being developed for the treatment of focal epilepsy. In vivo studies have demonstrated best-in-class potency across preclinical disease models that have shown strong historical translation to the clinic. 
 PRAX-628 Phase 1 first-in-human study 
 We initiated a Phase 1 healthy volunteer study of PRAX-628 in the fourth quarter of 2022 to evaluate the tolerability, PK, pharmacodynamics and food effect of PRAX-628 across single and multiple ascending dose cohorts. We expect to report topline results from the Phase 1 study in mid-2023 and subsequently initiate a Phase 2 study in focal epilepsy in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Focal Epilepsy 
 Focal epilepsy is the most common type of epilepsy, accounting for approximately 60 of all cases. In the United States alone, it is estimated that focal epilepsy affects approximately two million people. Focal epilepsy is characterized by seizures that originate in one side or area of the brain and affects one side of the body. Focal epilepsy patients are treated with sodium channel targeting AEDs, such as Tegretol (carbamazepine), Lamictal (lamotrigine), Xcopri (cenobamate) and many others. However, despite the plethora of marketed treatments, up to 30 of patients remain refractory to treatment. 
 There are two forms of therapeutically relevant sodium current: (1) persistent sodium current and (2) peak sodium current. Standard of care sodium channel targeting AEDs can produce severe toxicity at therapeutic doses from excessive inhibition of peak sodium current, as physiological levels of peak sodium current are required for normal neuronal function. Therefore, novel compounds that inhibit persistent and peak sodium channel hyperexcitability while sparing physiological levels of peak sodium current may improve clinical efficacy and tolerability. 
 COMPETITION 
 The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, strong competition and an emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our technology, knowledge, experience and scientific personnel provide us with competitive advantages, we face substantial competition from many different sources, including large and small pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private institutions. 
 Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with currently approved therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key product features that would affect our ability to effectively compete with other therapeutics include the efficacy, safety, convenience, cost, effectiveness of promotional support and intellectual property protection of our products. Our competitors fall primarily into the following groups of treatment: 
 T-type calcium channel inhibitor programs in development targeting ET, including that of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, as well as other programs in clinical development targeting other mechanisms of action and approved therapies, such as propranolol, and off-label therapies, such as primidone. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Sodium channel blocker or similar programs in development for DEEs, including those of SK-Pharma, Xenon Pharmaceuticals, Neurocrine Biosciences and Stoke Therapeutics, as well as other programs in clinical development targeting other mechanisms of action and approved therapies including other existing ion channel blockers. 
 Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources, expertise and capabilities in research and development, the regulatory approval process, manufacturing and marketing than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through merger and acquisition activity and sizeable collaborative arrangements with established companies. 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business, including seeking, maintaining and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We may also rely on trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets relating to our proprietary technology platform and on know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of neuroscience that may be important for the development of our business. We additionally may rely on regulatory and other protections afforded through data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions, where available. 
 Patent expiration dates noted in the following paragraphs refer to statutory expiration dates and do not take into account any potential patent term adjustment or extension that may be available. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of our drug product candidates, some of our United States, or U.S., patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension. These patent term extensions permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for any patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the drug product s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a New Drug Application, or NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the extension must be applied for prior to expiration of the patent. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. 
 T-type Calcium channel blockers 
 We own six patent families directed to T-type Calcium channel blockers. One patent family discloses and claims compositions of matter of certain T-type calcium channel modulators, including ulixacaltamide. This patent family has issued in many major pharmaceutical markets and is pending in others and expires in 2029. A second family is directed to methods of use of certain T-type calcium channel modulators, including ulixacaltamide, in treating disease such as epilepsy. This patent family is pending in the United States and expires in 2037. A third patent family is directed to certain pharmaceutical formulations of ulixacaltamide and methods of use in treating disorders such as essential tremor. This patent family is pending in multiple jurisdictions of potential commercial interest and expires in 2040. A fourth family is directed to titration methods of using ulixacaltamide and expires in 2041. A fifth patent family is directed to certain analog compounds of ulixacaltamide and expires in 2040. The sixth patent family is directed to the adjunctive use of a beta blocker and/or certain anticonvulsants with ulixacaltamide and expires in 2043. 
 Persistent sodium current blockers 
 We own fifteen patent families directed to persistent sodium current blockers, including a patent family that relates to PRAX-562 and PRAX-628, two additional patent families that relate to PRAX-562 program, and the remaining patent families related to other persistent sodium current blockers. One patent family discloses and claims certain persistent sodium current blockers, including PRAX-562 and PRAX-628, and methods of use in treating diseases such as epilepsy (including pediatric epilepsy), as well as migraine and pain. In this patent family, PRAX-562 is covered by a patent that has granted in the United States (U.S. 11,014,931), and patent applications pending in other potentially commercially relevant jurisdictions, which expire in 2039. A second family discloses other persistent sodium current blockers and generically claims PRAX-562, as well as methods of treating diseases such as pediatric epilepsy. This patent family is pending in multiple jurisdictions and expires in 2037. A third family is directed to pharmaceutical formulations of PRAX-562, methods of use in treating diseases such as pediatric 
 13 

Table of Contents 

epilepsy, cephalgia, short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with conjunctival injection, or SUNCT, and tearing and short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache attacks with cranial autonomic symptoms, or SUNA, and methods of making PRAX-562, and expires in 2040. The remaining patent families are directed to other persistent sodium current blockers of various core structures and methods of use in treating diseases such as pediatric epilepsy, expiring between 2037 and 2043. 
 SCN2A downregulation 
 We have exclusively in-licensed three patent families directed to our SCN2A program. Two of these patent families are owned by RogCon, Inc., and disclose and claim certain ASOs targeting SCN2A and methods of use in treating diseases such as epilepsy, including epilepsy having certain SCN2A mutations. One patent family is pending in the United States and expires in 2038. A second patent family is directed to methods of treating SCN1A encephalopathy using ASOs targeting SCN2A and expires in 2039. 
 The other in-licensed patent family is owned by Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and is directed to compositions of matter of PRAX-222. This family expires in 2041. 
 We own two patent families directed to our PRAX-222 program. The first has claims directed to a method of treating SCN2A gain of function neurological diseases using certain ASOs. This patent family is pending in the United States and expires in 2041. The second is directed to methods of treating SCN2A-related disorders using SCN2A inhibitors and expires in 2043. 
 KCNT1 blockers 
 We own eleven patent families directed to KCNT1 blockers including ten families related to our KCNT1 program and one family related to ASOs. Ten patent families disclose and claim small molecule KCNT1 blockers and methods of use in treating diseases such as epilepsy, including epilepsy having certain KCNT1 mutations, and expire between 2040 and 2043. One patent family is directed to certain ASOs and methods of use in treating diseases such as epilepsy, including epilepsy having certain KCNT1 mutations, and expires in 2039. 
 GABA A receptor positive allosteric modulators 
 We own five patent families directed to GABA A receptor positive allosteric modulators. One patent family discloses and claims salts and polymorphs of PRAX-114. Two patents are granted in the United States (U.S. 10,562,930 and U.S. 10,927,141), which expire in 2039. A second patent family is directed to alternative salt forms of PRAX-114, which expires in 2042. Other patent applications cover methods of use and processes for making related to PRAX-114, which expire from 2041 to 2043. 
 LICENSE AGREEMENTS 
 License Agreement with RogCon 
 In September 2019, we and RogCon, Inc., or RogCon, entered into a Cooperation and License Agreement, or the RogCon Agreement, to collaborate to develop ASOs for the treatment of epilepsy caused by mutations of the SCN2A gene. RogCon had an existing collaboration arrangement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Ionis, and as a result, we and Ionis negotiated a Research Collaboration, Option and License Agreement, or the Ionis Agreement, (described below) in order to complete the license agreement with RogCon. Under the RogCon Agreement, RogCon granted us, subject to a concurrent license grant of certain rights to Ionis, an exclusive, worldwide license under RogCon s intellectual property to research, develop and commercialize products for the treatment of all forms of epilepsy and/or neurodevelopmental disorders in each case caused by any mutation of the SCN2A gene. Under the RogCon Agreement, we will conduct, at our own cost and expense, the research and development activities assigned to us under the research plan set out in the Research Collaboration, Option and License Agreement with Ionis. Under the terms of the RogCon Agreement, RogCon is eligible to receive a one-time milestone payment of 3.0 million as well as profit share payments as a percentage of net profits in the mid-teens. Profit share payments will be calculated and due quarterly on any net profits generated from a product commercialized under the RogCon Agreement. The 3.0 million milestone payment will become due when (i) the first profit share payment has become due and payable and (ii) the Additional Milestone, the Initial Interest Amount and the Second Interest Amount (each as defined within the Ionis Agreement as described below) have all become due and payable to Ionis under our collaboration agreement with Ionis. As part of the RogCon Agreement, we agreed to provide up-front consideration of 2.1 million, consisting of a 1.0 million deposit, 0.7 million in cash reimbursements for certain historical costs 
 14 

Table of Contents 

previously incurred by RogCon and 0.4 million for the retirement of existing loan balances as of September 11, 2019. 
 Subsequent to September 11, 2019, we will reimburse RogCon for its out-of-pocket costs incurred for activities performed under the RogCon Agreement. We expense these costs as incurred as research and development. Expenses incurred for all periods presented were not material. 
 Additionally, RogCon has agreed to certain defined exclusivity obligations. The RogCon Agreement, unless earlier terminated, will continue until the latest of: (i) the expiration of all patent rights within RogCon patents, (ii) we certify we have abandoned the research, development and commercialization of product with no intention to re-establish such activities and (iii) no third party is obligated to pay any amounts that comprise net sublicense revenue. Either party may terminate the RogCon Agreement for material breach or insolvency of the other party. Additionally, we may terminate for convenience with prior written notice to RogCon. Upon termination by either party, all rights and licenses granted by RogCon to us will revert back to RogCon. 
 Ionis Collaboration Agreement 
 In September 2019, we and Ionis entered into the Ionis Agreement to discover and develop ASOs to treat forms of epilepsy caused by mutations of the SCN2A gene. Pursuant to the Ionis Agreement, we and Ionis each conducted certain research activities and Ionis was responsible for identifying a development candidate and conducting an IND-enabling toxicology study. The design of the IND-enabling toxicology study was prepared and mutually agreed to by us and Ionis. We are obligated to reimburse any out-of-pocket costs incurred by Ionis related to research activities, identification of a development candidate and conducting IND-enabling studies. Ionis granted us an exclusive option to obtain the rights and license to further develop and commercialize a development candidate in the field of epilepsy and neurodevelopmental disorders, other than Dravet Syndrome, following the results of the IND-enabling toxicology study. We exercised this exclusive option in January 2022 and paid a 2.0 million license fee. Ionis is eligible to receive certain contingent payments from us relating to development and other milestones, interest payments, royalties as a percentage of net product sales worldwide in the low-20s and any potential sublicense fees calculated as a percentage of sublicense revenue using a rate in the low-to-mid double digits. 
 Development milestones of 5.0 million for each product developed under the agreement are due upon the completion of the first clinical trial for each product, or the Development Milestone. Ionis will be entitled to receive an additional one-time milestone payment of 5.0 million, or the Additional Milestone, upon the earliest to occur of the following (each, a Payment Trigger): (i) the first acceptance of an NDA filing for a product by the regulatory authority in a major market, (ii) we have both (a) received, in the aggregate, 300.0 million in cash since September 11, 2019 and (b) initiated the first clinical study with respect to a product or (iii) the closing of a change of control event affecting Praxis. In addition, upon the occurrence of a Payment Trigger, Ionis is also entitled to certain interest payments equal to (i) 10 simple interest per annum calculated from the effective date of the agreement on the Additional Milestone, or the Initial Interest Amount, plus (ii) 10 simple interest per annum calculated from the date the Additional Milestone is paid on the initial Interest Amount, or the Second Interest Amount, until the earliest to occur of the following: (i) aggregate net sales of 100.0 million has been received, (ii) a change in control event affecting Praxis occurs or (iii) the Ionis Agreement has been terminated. Upon the occurrence of one of these three payment triggers, both the Initial Interest Amount and Second Interest Amount are due and payable to Ionis. 
 The Ionis Agreement will continue in full force and effect until the expiration of all payment obligations to Ionis, unless terminated earlier by either party. Either party may terminate the agreement upon material breach or insolvency of the other party. Praxis is able to terminate the Ionis Agreement for convenience with prior written notice. Ionis may terminate if we fail to achieve certain performance milestones. Upon termination by us for convenience, we will stop selling all products, subject to certain wind-down provisions and all products will revert back to Ionis. 
 MANUFACTURING 
 We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently source all of our non-clinical and clinical compound supply through third-party contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs. 
 For clinical supply, we rely on CDMOs to manufacture drug substance and drug product in accordance with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP. We expect to rely on third parties for our manufacturing 
 15 

Table of Contents 

processes and the production of all clinical supply drug substance and drug product and currently expect to continue to do so for commercial supplies of our product candidates, if approved. We use additional contract manufacturers to fill, label, package, store and distribute our investigational drug products and currently expect to continue to do so for commercial supplies of our product candidates, if approved. It is our intent to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide active pharmaceutical ingredient and fill-and-finish services prior to submission of a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA for any product candidates that complete clinical development. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in state and local jurisdictions and in other countries impose substantial and burdensome requirements upon companies involved in the clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of prescription drugs, such as those we are developing. These agencies regulate, among other things, the research and development, testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and export and import of drug products. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 U.S. regulation of drug products 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice regulations; 
 submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each intended use; 
 preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA; 
 a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the application for review; 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; 
 satisfactory completion of potential FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assess compliance with GCPs and the integrity of the clinical data; and 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. 
 Preclinical studies 
 Before testing any product candidate in humans, the product candidate must undergo preclinical testing. Preclinical studies generally include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as animal studies to assess potential toxicity, which support subsequent clinical testing. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed 
 16 

Table of Contents 

clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. Additionally, the FDA will review any data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States when determining whether to allow an IND to proceed in the United States. Specifically, the FDA s acceptance of data from trials conducted outside of the United States and not under an IND is subject to certain conditions, including that the clinical trial must be well designed and conducted in accordance with GCPs, and the FDA must be able to validate the data from the study through an on-site inspection, if necessary. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance. 
 Clinical trials 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the product candidate to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study, and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. Specifically, information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related to the product candidate, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three phases, which may overlap or be combined. In Phase 1, the product candidate is introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition to test for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early evaluation of effectiveness. In Phase 2, the product candidate is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for the specified disease or condition, and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. In Phase 3, the product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product candidate for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product candidate, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product candidate. 
 In some cases, the FDA may require, or sponsors may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval, and may be used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition or requirement of approval of an NDA. 
 Progress reports summarizing the results of clinical trials and nonclinical studies, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and investigators if serious and unexpected suspected adverse events occur, findings from other studies of the same or similar drug or from animal or in vitro testing suggest a significant risk, or there is an increased incidence of a serious suspected adverse reaction compared to that in the protocol or investigator brochure. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution for a variety of reasons, including if the clinical trial is not being conducted 
 17 

Table of Contents 

in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidates do not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 Marketing application submission and FDA review and approval 
 Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of preclinical and clinical studies, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The submission of an NDA is subject to a substantial application user fee, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 
 The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs within the first 60 days after submission, before accepting them for filing, to determine whether they are sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must be withdrawn and resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once an application is accepted for filing, the FDA has a goal of ten months from the date of filing to complete a standard review of an NDA for a drug that is a new molecular entity, and six months from the filing date to complete a priority review. The FDA does not always meet its goal dates, and the review process can be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification and a sponsor s process to respond to such inquiries. This FDA review process typically takes 10 months from the date the NDA is accepted for filing by the FDA (for a standard review) or six months from the filing date (for a priority review). Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. 
 The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether the drug is safe and effective and whether the facilities in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, quality and purity. Before approving an NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facilities where the product is manufactured. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites and/or the study sponsor to assure compliance with GCP requirements. 
 Additionally, the FDA may refer any application to an advisory committee, including applications for novel drug candidates that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy. An advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, which reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 The FDA also may require submission of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, plan, if it determines that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks and to assure the safe use of the drug product. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a medicine and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries or other risk minimization tools. The FDA determines the requirement for a REMS, as well as the specific REMS provisions, on a case-by-case basis. If the FDA concludes a REMS plan is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if required. 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, or PREA, as amended and reauthorized, certain NDAs or supplements to an NDA must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The sponsor or FDA may request a deferral of pediatric clinical trials for some or all of the pediatric subpopulations. The FDA must send a non-compliance letter 
 18 

Table of Contents 

to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment, keep a deferral current or fails to submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. 
 After evaluating the NDA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities, sponsor, and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue either an approval letter or a complete response letter, or CRL. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information and for specific indications. A CRL will describe all of the deficiencies in the NDA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the CRL without first conducting required inspections and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the NDA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. If a CRL is issued, the applicant may choose to either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. If those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 Even if the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess safety, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product, or impose other conditions, including distribution and use restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. 
 Orphan drug designation and exclusivity 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition (generally meaning that it affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more in cases in which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for treatment of the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product). A company must request orphan drug designation before submitting an NDA. If the request is granted, the FDA will disclose the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential use. If a product with orphan status receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation or for a select indication or use within the rare disease or condition for which it was designated, the product generally will receive orphan product exclusivity. Orphan product exclusivity means that the FDA may not approve any other applications for the same product for the same disease or condition for seven years. If a drug or drug product designated as an orphan product ultimately receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what was designated in its orphan product application, it may not be entitled exclusivity. Orphan exclusivity will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same active ingredient for the same indication is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy or safety, or to provide a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet market demand. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee. Orphan product designation, however, does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 
 Rare pediatric disease designation and priority review vouchers 
 In 2012, Congress authorized the FDA to award priority review vouchers to sponsors of certain rare pediatric disease product applications. This program is designed to encourage development of new drug and biological products for prevention and treatment of certain rare pediatric diseases. Specifically, under this program, a sponsor who receives an approval for a drug or biologic for a rare pediatric disease may qualify for a voucher that can be redeemed to receive a priority review of a subsequent marketing application for a different product. The sponsor of a rare pediatric disease drug product receiving a priority review voucher may transfer (including by sale) the voucher to another sponsor. The voucher may be further transferred any number of times before the voucher is used, as long as the sponsor making the transfer has not yet submitted the application. The FDA may also revoke any priority review voucher if the rare pediatric disease drug for which the voucher was awarded is not marketed in the United States within one year following the date of approval. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

For purposes of this program, a rare pediatric disease is a (a) serious or life-threatening disease in which the serious or life-threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years; and (b) rare diseases or conditions within the meaning of the Orphan Drug Act. Congress has only authorized the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program until September 30, 2024. Consequently, sponsors of marketing applications approved after that date will not receive the voucher unless Congress reauthorizes the program. If the program is not reauthorized, if a drug candidate receives Rare Pediatric Disease Designation before October 1, 2024, the sponsor of the marketing application for such drug will only be eligible to receive a voucher if the application for the designated drug is approved by the FDA before October 1, 2026. 
 Fast track, breakthrough therapy and priority review designations 
 The FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited development or review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs include fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation and priority review designation. 
 To be eligible for a fast track designation, the FDA must determine that a product candidate is intended to treat a serious or life threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation provides opportunities for more frequent interactions with the FDA review team to expedite development and review of the product candidate. The FDA may also agree to review sections of the NDA for a fast track product candidate on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted. 
 A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers. 
 Finally, the FDA may designate an NDA for priority review if the product candidate treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The FDA determines at the time that the marketing application is submitted, on a case-by-case basis, whether the product candidate represents a significant improvement when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by, among other things, evidence of increased effectiveness, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting drug reaction, documented enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, or evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority review designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications and to shorten the FDA s goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to six months from the filing date for an NDA for a new molecular entity. 
 Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, priority review and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval process. 
 Accelerated approval pathway 
 A drug product may also be eligible for accelerated approval if it is designed to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and provides a meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments. Such product candidates can be approved upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the disease or condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA generally requires that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled confirmatory clinical trials to verify and describe the predicted effect on IMM or other clinical endpoint. The FDA may withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval on an expedited basis if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product or the sponsor fails to conduct such confirmatory trials in a timely manner or in accordance with applicable regulations. Drugs granted accelerated approval must meet the same 
 20 

Table of Contents 

statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. In addition, all promotional materials for products approved under the accelerated approval program are subject to prior review by the FDA. 
 U.S. drug product marketing exclusivity 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. For example, the FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent data exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for a generic or follow-on version of the protected drug product, respectively, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. 
 The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity when an NDA, or a supplement to an existing NDA, includes new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, conducted or sponsored by the applicant that are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or follow-on 505(b)(2) NDAs if the protected clinical data are not referenced. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a stand-alone NDA submitted under section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA. However, an applicant submitting a stand-alone NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness, if applicable. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing regulatory exclusivity periods. This six-month exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. 
 Post-approval requirements 
 Following approval of a new prescription drug product, the manufacturer and the approved drug are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to monitoring and recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP requirements and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims or changes to the manufacturing processes or facilities, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There are continuing, annual program fee requirements for any marketed products. 
 Once an approval of a drug is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 Imposition of post-marketing studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks, or restrictions under a REMS program; 
 Restrictions on the marketing, manufacturing or distribution of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 
 Fines, warning letters, untitled letters or other enforcement-related letters or clinical holds on post-approval clinical trials; 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 
 Consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 
 Mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 
 Issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; 
 Product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 
 Injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs must be promoted by a manufacturer and any third parties acting on behalf of a manufacturer only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved label for the product. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. Physicians may prescribe, in their independent professional medical judgment, legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested and approved by the FDA. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but it does restrict the manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s FDA-approved labeling. 
 In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level, and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. 
 Healthcare laws and regulations 
 Pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states in which they conduct their business, which may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships through which these companies and their partners research, sell, market and distribute any products for which marketing approval is obtained. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims and transparency laws regarding drug pricing and payments and other transfer of value to physicians and other healthcare providers. If their operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, they may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and the curtailment or restructuring of operations. 
 Current and future healthcare reform legislation 
 In the United States, there have been, and likely will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes regarding the healthcare system directed at broadening the availability of health care, improving the quality of health care and containing or lowering the cost of health care. For example, in March 2010 the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, was enacted, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjected biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars; expanded the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program; introduced a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs; and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or BBA, effective as of January 2019) point-of-sale discounts off 
 22 

Table of Contents 

negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, administrative, executive and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, President Biden issued an executive order to, among other things, instruct certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to health care, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013, and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect through 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Moreover, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. Payment methodologies may also be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. There also has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. By way of example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated, or the impact of the IRA on our business. 
 At the state level, legislatures in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. 
 We expect that additional federal and state healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products, once approved, or additional pricing pressures. 
 Coverage, pricing and reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. Sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such drug products. In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, government authorities, private manage care providers, private health insurers and other 
 23 

Table of Contents 

organizations. For products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical drug products and medical services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Such payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our product candidates, if approved, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Nonetheless, our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. Moreover, the process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a drug product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the drug product. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and could increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Regulations outside of the United States 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we may be subject to a variety of regulations in foreign jurisdictions that govern, among other things, preclinical and clinical studies, commercial sales and distribution of our future products. Most countries outside of the United States, including the European Union, or the EU, require that clinical trial applications be submitted to and approved by the local regulatory authority for each clinical study. In addition, whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product candidate, we must obtain the requisite approval from comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States before we can commence clinical studies or marketing of the product candidate in those countries. The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, approval, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Non-clinical studies and clinical trials in the European Union 
 Similar to the United States, the various phases of non-clinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. 
 Non-clinical studies are performed to demonstrate the health or environmental safety of new biological substances. Non-clinical studies must be conducted in compliance with the principles of good laboratory practice, or GLP, as set forth in EU Directive 2004/10/EC. In particular, non-clinical studies, both in vitro and in vivo, must be planned, performed, monitored, recorded, reported and archived in accordance with the GLP principles, which define a set of rules and criteria for a quality system for the organizational process and the conditions for non-clinical studies. These GLP standards reflect the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development requirements. 
 Clinical trials of medicinal products in the EU must be conducted in accordance with EU and national regulations and the International Conference on Harmonization, or ICH, guidelines on good clinical practices, or GCP, as well as the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If the sponsor of the clinical trial is not established within the EU, it must appoint an EU entity to act as its legal representative. The sponsor must take out a clinical trial insurance policy, and in most EU member states, the sponsor is liable to provide no fault compensation to any study subject injured in the clinical trial. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

The regulatory landscape related to clinical trials in the EU has been subject to recent changes. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation, or CTR, which was adopted in April 2014 and repeals the EU Clinical Trials Directive, became applicable on January 31, 2022. Unlike directives, the CTR is directly applicable in all EU member states without the need for member states to further implement it into national law. The CTR notably harmonizes the assessment and supervision processes for clinical trials throughout the EU via a Clinical Trials Information System, which contains a centralized EU portal and database. 
 While the Clinical Trials Directive required a separate clinical trial application, or CTA, to be submitted in each member state, to both the competent national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB respectively, the CTR introduces a centralized process and only requires the submission of a single application to all member states concerned. The CTR allows sponsors to make a single submission to both the competent authority and an ethics committee in each member state, leading to a single decision per member state. The CTA must include, among other things, a copy of the trial protocol and an investigational medicinal product dossier containing information about the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation. The assessment procedure of the CTA has been harmonized as well, including a joint assessment by all member states concerned, and a separate assessment by each member state with respect to specific requirements related to its own territory, including ethics rules. Each member state s decision is communicated to the sponsor via the centralized EU portal. Once the CTA is approved, clinical study development may proceed. 
 The CTR foresees a three-year transition period. The extent to which ongoing and new clinical trials will be governed by the CTR varies. Clinical trials for which an application was submitted (i) prior to January 31, 2022 under the Clinical Trials Directive, or (ii) between January 31, 2022 and January 31, 2023 and for which the sponsor has opted for the application of the Clinical Trials Directive remain governed by said Directive until January 31, 2025. After this date, all clinical trials (including those which are ongoing) will become subject to the provisions of the CTR. 
 Medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with good manufacturing practice. Other national and EU-wide regulatory requirements may also apply. 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area, which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland. 
 Regulation of drug products and healthcare laws and regulations outside of the United States 
 Our product candidates may be subject in the future to laws and regulations related to drug products and health care imposed by jurisdictions outside of the United States, including the European Union, or EU, which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or other transfers of value to healthcare professionals. Outside of the United States, the provision of health care, including the pricing of pharmaceutical products, is subject to governmental control in many countries, and efforts to control prices and costs, including legislative action, will likely continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures. 
 Data privacy and security laws 
 Numerous state, federal and foreign laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to, confidentiality, and security of personal information, including health-related information. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our partners. In addition, certain state and non-U.S. laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, and the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and the U.K. GDPR, govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health-related information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to make compliance efforts more challenging, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant penalties and restrictions on data processing. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Laws and regulations governing international operations 
 If we further expand our operations outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered by U.S. authorities that enforce the FCPA, including the Department of Justice, to be foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If we expand our presence outside of the United States, it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the United States, which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 At Praxis, we are fiercely dedicated to our mission to translate genetic insights into the development of therapies for CNS disorders characterized by neuronal imbalance. We strive each day to innovate and adapt to deliver treatments that could potentially change the course of CNS disorders and to do so based on a culture built to attract, develop and retain a talent-dense workforce. We are committed to developing our culture and our employees through our company core values Trust , Ownership , Curiosity and Results . 
 It is the strength of our culture and our work environment that allow us to attract top talent to Praxis. As of February 3, 2023, we have 109 employees and plan to grow as we continue to realize the potential of our pipeline. 
 We Trust each other s judgement, which is why we do not implement excessive policies. We value transparency among team members that leads to direct, clear, and timely feedback so we can all improve together. We commit to be one another s checks and balances. We respect all opinions and encourage diversity. Discrimination is never tolerated. Because we trust employees to have good judgment, there is a lot of freedom built into the way we operate. As an example, we do not have prescriptive policies on vacation, sick or personal time we encourage employees to take that time as they need it and align with their manager about their plans. 
 We have adapted to new working methodologies that embrace a virtual and cooperative work environment while emphasizing personal Ownership for actions and outcomes. We want employees to own projects and stay engaged through communication, but we also make sure employees know that Praxis is not a nine-to-five culture. We are a culture where employees have real accountability as we all work towards a greater goal. Our headquarters is designated as a collaborative workspace where we gather in teams or as a company when practical and safe. Being able to own projects, while expressing when you need a break, is something we value. Allowing employees to best structure their days to their needs is one of the most important foundations we believe is necessary for having a sturdy organization. 
 Curiosity is at the center of innovation, and we are always asking how we can better help our patients. We love to learn. One day a month, we commit to what we call Curiosity Day. We ask our employees to step away from the computer, meetings and calls for a single day to focus solely on being curious whether that means 
 26 

Table of Contents 

catching up on professional articles or journals, diving deeper into a rare disease we do not currently support, challenging ourselves by exploring an area outside our comfort zone, perfecting a new skill, or even taking some time to safely enjoy the outdoors. These opportunities have a positive impact on our employees, and enable them to bring the new knowledge and learnings to the work they do and increase the ability to deliver on our mission. 
 As we pursue objectives to achieve the ultimate Results , we challenge ourselves daily. Through trust, ownership and curiosity, our employees are positioned to leave lasting results that reach the communities we serve. At the end of the day, the magic we witness when employees put their minds together is what we are most proud of as a company. 
 In identifying our employer value proposition, we have highlighted the following aspects of working at Praxis: 
 Building. Our approach to building a robust clinical pipeline provides a platform and forum for exploration and innovation. At Praxis, we are all involved in building the company together, and as a flat and agile organization, each employee has an impact. With our company values of Trust, Ownership, Curiosity and Results as the foundation of our efforts, we are challenged to question each other and our own assumptions to deliver treatments for patients and caregivers. 
 Caring. Our people, the patient communities we serve and their caregivers and families are at the forefront of our efforts. Our ways of working are team-based and focused on co-creation, with respect for all opinions and points of view. We show we care by giving and receiving candid feedback, and we support curiosity and ownership for all aspects of our business. This environment fuels our growth and propels us forward. 
 Grit. Delivering life-altering treatments for CNS disorders is incredibly demanding, but our focus on patients with unmet needs highlights the urgency to deliver effective treatments faster and more effectively than ever before. Our employees are passionate and persistent about transforming neuroscience because of the incredible need to positively change the lives of patients with CNS disorders. 
 Dare For More TM . We Dare For More TM in every aspect of our journey, from the patients we are working for, to the portfolio we build and advance every day, and quite importantly ourselves and our fellow team members. People stay at Praxis to surround themselves with exceedingly motivated and passionate peers who highly value consistent excellence in their colleagues. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our Internet address is http://praxismedicines.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available through the Investors + Media portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at http://www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, before deciding to invest in our common stock. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. The occurrence of any of the following risks, or of additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could cause our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition to suffer materially. In such event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 Risks Related to Past Financial Condition 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company and we have incurred significant losses since our inception. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue to date, and we will continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our clinical development and ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception. Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to research and development, including preclinical studies and our clinical trials. Our financial condition and operating results, including net losses, may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. Accordingly, you should not rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual periods as indications of future operating performance. Additionally, net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Our net losses were 214.0 million and 167.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 530.6 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our research and development of and seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates in our initial and potential additional indications as well as for other product candidates. 
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 continue to develop and conduct clinical trials, including in expanded geographies such as Europe, for our product candidates; 
 initiate and continue research and development, including preclinical, clinical and discovery efforts for any future product candidates; 
 seek to identify additional product candidates; 
 seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates that may successfully complete clinical development; 
 add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product candidate development and help us comply with our obligations as a public company; 
 hire and retain additional personnel, such as clinical, quality control, scientific, commercial and administrative personnel; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 establish sales, marketing, distribution, manufacturing, supply chain and other commercial infrastructure in the future to commercialize various products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 
 add equipment and physical infrastructure to support our research and development; and 
 acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 
 Our expenses could increase beyond our expectations if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or other regulatory authorities to perform clinical trials in addition to those that we 
 28 

Table of Contents 

currently expect, or if there are any delays in establishing appropriate manufacturing arrangements for or in completing our clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. 
 Risks Related to Future Financial Condition 
 We will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product discovery and development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the preclinical and clinical development of our current and future programs. If we are able to gain marketing approval for our product candidates, we will require significant additional amounts of cash in order to launch and commercialize such product candidates to the extent that such launch and commercialization are not the responsibility of a future collaborator that we may contract with in the future. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise in the course of our development efforts. Because the design and outcome of our planned and anticipated clinical trials is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of any product candidates we develop. 
 Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our current product candidates and other product candidates we may develop and pursue, including drug product manufacturing; 
 the timing and uncertainty of, and the costs involved in, obtaining marketing approvals for our current product candidates, and other product candidates we may develop and pursue; 
 the number of future product candidates that we may pursue and their development requirements; 
 the number of jurisdictions in which we plan to seek regulatory approvals; 
 if approved, the costs of commercialization activities for our product candidates for any approved indications, or any other product candidate that receives regulatory approval to the extent such costs are not the responsibility of any future collaborators, including the costs and timing of establishing product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 
 subject to receipt of regulatory approval, revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates for any approved indications or any other product candidates; 
 the extent to which we in-license or acquire rights to other products, product candidates or technologies; 
 our headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our research and development and establish a commercial infrastructure; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications and maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights, including enforcing and defending intellectual property related claims; and 
 the ongoing costs of operating as a public company. 
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We have no committed source of additional capital and if we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. Any of our current or future license agreements may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment or other obligations under the agreements. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 may not be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of our consolidated financial statements which raises substantial doubt about the our ability to continue as a going concern, and we will need to obtain additional funding. Our estimate may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Further, changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. In the event that we are unable to obtain sufficient additional funding, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue as a going concern, and we will be forced to delay, reduce or discontinue our product candidate programs. If potential investors decline to participate in any future financings or potential collaborators decline to do business with us, our ability to increase 
 29 

Table of Contents 

our cash position may be limited. Furthermore, the price per share of our common stock could be materially adversely affected and our stockholders could lose part or all of their investment. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our planned operations. Unless and until we can generate a substantial amount of revenue from our product candidates, we expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, licensing arrangements or other sources, or any combination of the foregoing. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, our existing stockholders' ownership interests may be diluted, and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences and anti-dilution protections that could adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. In addition, debt financing, if available, may result in fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, creating liens, redeeming stock or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. In addition, securing financing could require a substantial amount of time and attention from our management and may divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our management s ability to oversee the development of our product candidates. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations or marketing, distribution, licensing and royalty arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a very limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focused on translating genetic insights into the development of therapies for CNS disorders characterized by neuronal imbalance. We commenced operations in 2016, have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Our operations have been focused on developing and conducting preclinical and clinical studies of our product candidates. To date, we have not initiated or completed a pivotal clinical trial, obtained marketing approval for any product candidates, manufactured a commercial scale product or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our limited operating history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields, and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. 
 Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale. To obtain revenues from the sales of our product candidates that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability, we must succeed, either alone or with third parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, and marketing our product candidates. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends on many factors, including: 
 initiating and successfully completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 
 obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development and clinical trials, if any; 
 developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, as well as establishing and maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and commercial demand of our product candidates; 
 identifying, assessing, acquiring and/or developing new product candidates; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; 
 launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, if any, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure; 
 obtaining and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates in the countries where our products are commercialized, if any; 
 obtaining adequate reimbursement for our product candidates from payors; 
 obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; 
 addressing any competing technological and market developments; 
 receiving milestone and other payments under any future collaboration arrangements; 
 maintaining, protecting, expanding and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; and 
 attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase beyond our current expectations if we are required by the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies to perform studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our or our future collaborators clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with launching and commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. 
 We may expend our limited resources on programs that do not yield a successful product candidate or fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our programs and product candidates, we must focus our programs and product candidates on specific diseases and disease pathways and decide which product candidates to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. We are currently evaluating (i) ulixacaltamide for the treatment of essential tremor, or ET, and Parkinson's disease, (ii) PRAX-562 for the treatment of SCN2A development and epileptic encephalopathy, or SCN2A-DEE, and SCN8A development and epileptic encephalopathy, or SCN8A-DEE; (iii) PRAX-222 for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE; and (iv) PRAX-628 for the treatment of focal epilepsy. Our drug development strategy is to clinically test and seek regulatory approval for our product candidates in indications in which we believe we will be able to efficiently generate proof-of-concept data. If any of our product candidates is approved, we then intend to expand to clinical testing and potentially seek regulatory approvals in other neurological disease indications based on genetic and mechanistic overlap with the primary indication. However, even if our product candidates are able to gain regulatory approval in one indication, there is no guarantee that we will be able to gain regulatory approval in another indication or expand to other indications. 
 In addition, we may focus resources on pursuing indications outside of neurology based on the same strategic approach e.g. , human genetics, mechanistic rationale, the availability of translational tools, clinical development path, commercial opportunity) we utilize in determining on which of our discovery programs to focus. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, collaboration, management and financial resources toward particular product candidates or therapeutic areas may not lead to the development of any viable commercial product and may divert resources away from better opportunities. For example, in June 2022, we announced that we are undergoing a strategic realignment to focus resources on our ulixacaltamide, PRAX-562, PRAX-222 and PRAX-628 programs, as well as our preclinical programs across our Cerebrum and Solidus platforms. Additionally, we may reprioritize product candidate development plans and activities at any time and delay or terminate development of any product candidates we identify. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate or collaborate with third parties in respect of certain programs may subsequently also prove to be suboptimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our programs or product candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for neurological diseases, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases 
 31 

Table of Contents 

and disease pathways that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 Risks Related to Research and Development and the Biopharmaceutical Industry 
 Risks Related to Preclinical and Clinical Development 
 The development and commercialization of drug products is subject to extensive regulation, and the regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign authorities are lengthy, time-consuming, and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates on a timely basis if at all, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, export, import, marketing, distribution, adverse event reporting, including the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, and other possible activities relating to our product candidates are subject to extensive regulation. In the United States, obtaining marketing approval for a new drug requires the submission of a New Drug Application, or NDA, to the FDA, and we are not permitted to market any product candidate in the United States until we obtain approval from the FDA of the NDA for that product candidate. An NDA must be supported by extensive clinical and preclinical data, as well as extensive information regarding pharmacology, chemistry, manufacturing, and controls. Outside the United States, many comparable foreign regulatory authorities employ similar approval processes. 
 We have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA or similar marketing authorization application to comparable foreign authorities, for any product candidate, and we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will receive regulatory approval. Obtaining approval of an NDA can be a lengthy, expensive, and uncertain process, and as a company we have no experience with the preparation of an NDA submission or any other marketing authorization application. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 
 the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 
 we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere, or regulatory authorities may not accept a submission due to, among other reasons, the content or formatting of the submission; 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve our manufacturing processes or facilities or those of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 
 the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 
 This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, and prospects. The FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process, and determining when or whether regulatory approval will be obtained for any of our product candidates. For example, regulatory authorities in various jurisdictions have in the past had, and may in the future have, differing requirements for, interpretations of and opinions on our preclinical and clinical data. As a result, we may be required to conduct additional preclinical studies, alter our proposed clinical 
 32 

Table of Contents 

trial designs, or conduct additional clinical trials to satisfy the regulatory authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which we hope to conduct clinical trials and develop and market our products, if approved. Further, even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority. 
 In addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 Preclinical and clinical drug development involves a lengthy, complex and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. In particular, pivotal clinical trials typically involve hundreds of patients, have significant costs and take years to complete. A product candidate can fail at any stage of testing, even after observing promising signs of activity in earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. In addition, initial success in clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when such trials are completed. 
 There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. For example, in June 2022, we announced that the Phase 2/3 Aria Study evaluating the efficacy and safety of PRAX-114 for monotherapy treatment of major depressive disorder did not achieve statistical significance on the primary endpoint of change from baseline in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale total score at Day 15, or on any secondary endpoints. There can be no assurance that any of our future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of our product candidates. The commencement and rate of completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials for a product candidate may be delayed by many factors, including, for example: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies; 
 timely completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with the Good Laboratory Practice requirements and other applicable regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA; 
 approval by an independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design and obtaining regulatory authorization to commence clinical trials; delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 
 delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 
 delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for use in clinical trials or the inability to do any of the foregoing; 
 insufficient or inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for use in clinical trials, or delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials; 
 imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory authorities; 
 developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA or foreign regulatory authority concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly, or if the FDA or a foreign 
 33 

Table of Contents 

regulatory authority finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 
 delays in recruiting, screening and enrolling patients and delays caused by patients withdrawing from clinical trials or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 delays caused by operational issues at clinical sites; 
 difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 
 failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical trial protocols; failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s or any other regulatory authority s Good Clinical Practice requirements, or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 
 occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits, or occurrence of adverse events in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 
 changes to the clinical trial protocols; 
 clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 
 changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 
 changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 
 selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of observation or analyses of resulting data; 
 the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates being greater than we anticipated; 
 clinical trials of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon development of such product candidates; 
 transfer of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract development and manufacturing organization, or CDMO, and delays or failure by our CDMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process; and 
 third parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us. 
 Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities legal requirements, regulations or guidelines, and are subject to oversight by these governmental agencies and ethics committees or IRBs at the medical institutions where the clinical trials are conducted. Before commencing a clinical trial, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could raise questions about or concerns with our proposed clinical protocol. For example, the FDA has previously issued clinical holds on certain of our product candidates, and we could not commence the respective clinical trial until such questions or concerns were resolved. 
 We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, we may need to amend clinical trial protocols that could require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. 
 Some of our trials are, have been, and may in the future be open-label studies, where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes do so at different dose levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in open-label clinical trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and 
 34 

Table of Contents 

may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. Therefore, it is possible that positive results observed in open-label trials will not be replicated in later placebo-controlled trials. Additionally, the trial design differences and placebo effects that may be possible in clinical research for the indications we are studying may make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier clinical trials to later clinical trials or to interpret the clinical data in any of our trials. In addition, we plan to conduct clinical trials of certain of our product candidates, including ulixacaltamide, utilizing novel primary endpoints for which the FDA and other regulatory authorities may have limited experience in interpreting and reviewing. Although we plan to seek consensus with FDA and other regulatory authorities in connection with the design and implementation of our clinical studies, utilizing novel trial endpoints may increase the risk that the FDA and other regulatory authorities will consider the results from such trials, even if successful, insufficient to establish the safety or efficacy of our product candidates, which could require us to conduct additional studies beyond those we currently contemplate for our product candidates. 
 Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, such as the European Union, for our product candidates presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks relevant to such foreign countries. 
 Moreover, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates. 
 Delays in the completion of any preclinical studies or clinical trials of our product candidates will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and delay or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate product revenue. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Any delays to our preclinical studies or clinical trials that occur as a result could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 In addition, the FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies with respect to clinical trials may change and additional government regulations may be enacted. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies governing clinical trials, our development plans may be impacted. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences following regulatory approval, if obtained. 
 Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. In addition, many compounds that have initially showed promise in clinical or earlier stage testing are later found to cause undesirable or unexpected side effects that prevented further development of the compound. Additionally, the composition of our product candidates or learnings in preclinical studies or clinical trials may result in contraindications for any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. 
 If unacceptable side effects arise in the development of our product candidates, we, foreign regulatory authorities, or the FDA, the IRBs or DSMBs at the institutions in which our trials are conducted could suspend or terminate our preclinical studies or clinical trials or foreign regulatory authorities or the FDA could order us to cease preclinical studies or clinical trials or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Treatment-emergent side effects that are deemed to be drug-related could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Undesirable side effects in one of our clinical trials for our product candidates in one indication could adversely affect enrollment in clinical trials, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates in other indications. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 In addition to side effects caused by our product candidates, the administration process or related procedures of our product candidates could cause adverse side effects, such as the intrathecal or intravitreal administration process or related procedures for ASOs. If any such adverse events occur, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated. Even if we can demonstrate that adverse events are not product-related, such occurrences could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the clinical trial. Additionally, other ASOs in clinical development utilizing intrathecal delivery could also generate data that could adversely affect the clinical, regulatory or commercial perception of our product candidates. 
 Moreover, clinical trials of our product candidates are conducted in carefully defined sets of patients who have agreed to enter into clinical trials. Consequently, it is possible that our clinical trials, or those of any future collaborator, may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. Clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients, rare and severe side effects of our product candidates may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. If our product candidates receive marketing approval and we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by such product candidates (or any other similar products) after such approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of such product candidates; 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a Boxed Warning or contraindications; 
 we may be required to change the way such product candidates are distributed or administered, or change the labeling of the product candidates; 
 the FDA may require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools, and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions may require comparable risk mitigation plans; 
 we may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; 
 the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority may require us to conduct additional clinical trials or costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product; 
 we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking our product candidates; and 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidates and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates, if approved, and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and generate revenues. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our future clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 We have, and may in the future, experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. 
 Patient enrollment is affected by many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; 
 the size and nature of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 
 in the case clinical trials focused on rare disease, the small size of the patient population and the potential of a patient being undiagnosed or misdiagnosed; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

the proximity of patients to trial sites; 
 the design of the trial; 
 our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications that we are investigating; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and 
 the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 
 In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials in such clinical trial site. 
 Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or might require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs, affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to seek and obtain the regulatory approval required to commence product sales and generate revenue, which could prevent completion of these trials, adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates, cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing if needed. 
 We are also required to register certain clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, such as ClinicalTrials.gov in the United States, within certain timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our clinical trials, which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline or preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the topline or preliminary data we previously reported. As a result, topline and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 
 From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse changes between interim data and final data could significantly harm our business and prospects. Further, additional disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors in the future could result in volatility in the price of our common stock. 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is typically selected from a more extensive amount of available information. Others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. If the interim, preliminary or topline data that we report differ from later, final or actual results, or if others, including the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, 
 37 

Table of Contents 

and commercialize our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The markets for our product candidates may be smaller than we expect. 
 Our estimates of the potential market opportunities in each of our platforms include several key assumptions based on our industry knowledge, industry publications and third-party research reports and other data sources and estimates. There can be no assurance that any of these assumptions are, or will remain, accurate. If the actual markets identified for our product candidates, or for any other product candidate we may develop in the future, is smaller than we expect, our revenues, if any, may be limited and it may be more difficult for us to achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover additional product candidates in the future. 
 Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development or commercialization for a number of reasons, including: 
 our inability to design such product candidates with the pharmacological or pharmacokinetic properties that we desire; or 
 potential product candidates may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be medicines that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance. 
 Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. If we are unable to identify suitable compounds for preclinical and clinical development, we will not be able to obtain product revenue in future periods, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our stock price. 
 We conduct clinical trials for our product candidates in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions, and the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and applicable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from trials conducted outside those respective jurisdictions. 
 The acceptance of study data from preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted outside the United States may be subject to certain conditions for acceptance. For example, in cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations; and the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and the data are considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. For trials that are conducted only at sites outside of the United States and not subject to an IND, the FDA requires the clinical trial to have been conducted in accordance with GCP and the FDA must be able to validate the data from the clinical trial through an on-site inspection if it deems such inspection necessary. For such trials not subject to an IND, the FDA generally does not review the clinical protocols for the trials, and therefore there is an additional potential risk that the FDA could determine that the trial design or protocol for a non-United States clinical trial was inadequate, which could require us to conduct additional clinical trials. Many foreign regulatory bodies, such as the EMA, have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA, EMA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA, EMA or any applicable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan, and which may result in our product candidates not receiving approval or clearance for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 We obtained orphan drug designation for PRAX-562 and PRAX-222 and may plan to seek orphan drug designation for additional product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain or maintain such a designation or the benefits associated with orphan drug status, including marketing exclusivity, which may cause our revenue, if any, to be reduced. 
 In the United States, under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug or biologic in the United States will be 
 38 

Table of Contents 

recovered from sales in the United States for that drug. Orphan drug designation must be requested and granted by the FDA before a new NDA is submitted. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, it will disclose publicly the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The FDA granted orphan drug designation to PRAX-562 for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE and SCN8A-DEE, respectively, and to PRAX-222 for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE. 
 In the United States, orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding toward clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product candidate that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same product for the same disease or condition for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. The applicable exclusivity period is ten years in Europe, but such exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation or if the product is sufficiently profitable that market exclusivity is no longer justified. 
 Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority can subsequently approve the same drug for the same condition if such regulatory authority concludes that the later drug is clinically superior because it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug exclusivity may also be lost if the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority later determines that the initial request for designation was materially defective. In addition, orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving competing drugs for the same or similar disease or condition containing a different active ingredient. In addition, if a subsequent drug is approved for marketing for the same or a similar disease or condition as any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval, we may face increased competition and lose market share regardless of orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 
 We received rare pediatric disease designation for PRAX-562 and PRAX-222. However, a marketing application for these product candidates, if approved, may not meet the eligibility criteria for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher. 
 In 2012, U.S. Congress authorized the FDA to award priority review vouchers to sponsors of certain rare pediatric disease product applications. This program is designed to encourage development of new drug and biological products for prevention and treatment of certain rare pediatric diseases. Specifically, under this program, a sponsor who receives an approval for a drug or biologic for a rare pediatric disease that meets certain criteria may qualify for a voucher that can be redeemed to receive a priority review of a subsequent marketing application for a different product. The sponsor of a rare pediatric disease drug product receiving a priority review voucher may transfer (including by sale) the voucher to another sponsor. The voucher may be further transferred any number of times before the voucher is used, as long as the sponsor making the transfer has not yet submitted the application. The FDA may also revoke any priority review voucher if the rare pediatric disease drug for which the voucher was awarded is not marketed in the United States within one year following the date of approval. 
 We received rare pediatric disease designation for PRAX-562 for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE and SCN8A-DEE, and for PRAX-222 for the treatment of SCN2A-DEE. Designation of a drug product as a product for a rare pediatric disease does not guarantee that a NDA for such drug product will meet the eligibility criteria for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher at the time the application is approved. Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, we will need to request a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher in our original NDA for our product candidates for which we have received rare pediatric disease designation. The FDA may determine that a NDA for any such product candidates, if approved, do not meet the eligibility criteria for a priority review voucher. 
 The authority for the FDA to award rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers for drug products after September 30, 2024 is currently limited to product candidates that receive rare pediatric disease designation on or prior to September 30, 2024, and the FDA may only award rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers through September 30, 2026. However, it is possible the authority for the FDA to award rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers will be further extended by Congress. 
 Risks Related to Re g ulatory Approval 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions, including Australia and Europe, must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and sale of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must also be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to governmental approval. 
 Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we or any partner we work with fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 
 Our product candidates may be regulated as controlled substances, the making, use, sale, importation, exportation, and distribution of which are subject to significant regulation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, and other regulatory agencies. 
 Our product candidates may be classified as controlled substances, which are subject to state, federal, and foreign laws and regulations regarding their manufacture, use, sale, importation, exportation, and distribution. Among other things, controlled substances are regulated under the federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970, and regulations of the DEA. 
 The DEA regulates controlled substances as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances. Schedule I substances by definition have no established medicinal use and may not be marketed or sold in the United States. A pharmaceutical product may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered to present the highest risk of abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse among such substances. Prior to commercialization, centrally acting drugs, such as those we are developing, are generally subject to review and potential scheduling by the DEA. It is possible that our product candidates may be regulated by the DEA as controlled substances, which would subject such product candidates to additional restrictions regarding their manufacture, shipment, storage, sale and use, depending on the scheduling of the active ingredients, and may limit the commercial potential of any of our product candidates, if approved. 
 Various states also independently regulate controlled substances. Though state controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the states are separate jurisdictions, they may separately schedule drugs as well. While some states automatically schedule a drug when the DEA does so, in other states there must be rule making or a legislative action. State scheduling may delay commercial sale of any controlled substance drug product for which we obtain federal regulatory approval and adverse scheduling could impair the commercial attractiveness of such product. We or our collaborators must also obtain separate state registrations in order to be able to obtain, handle and distribute controlled substances for clinical trials or commercial sale, and failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements could lead to enforcement and sanctions from the states in addition to those from the DEA or otherwise arising under federal law. 
 For any of our product candidates classified as controlled substances, we and our suppliers, manufacturers, contractors, customers and distributors are required to obtain and maintain applicable registrations from state, federal and foreign law enforcement and regulatory agencies and comply with state, federal and foreign laws and regulations regarding the manufacture, use, sale, importation, exportation and distribution of controlled substances. There is a risk that DEA regulations may limit the supply of the compounds used in clinical trials for our product candidates, and, in the future, the ability to produce and distribute our products in the volume needed to meet commercial demand. Regulations associated with controlled substances govern manufacturing, labeling, packaging, testing, dispensing, production and procurement quotas, recordkeeping, reporting, handling, shipment and disposal. These regulations increase the personnel needs and the expense associated with development and commercialization of product candidates including controlled substances. The DEA, and some states, conduct periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Failure to obtain and maintain required registrations or comply with any applicable regulations could delay or preclude us from developing and 
 40 

Table of Contents 

commercializing our product candidates containing controlled substances and subject us to enforcement action. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In some circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings. Because of their restrictive nature, these regulations could limit commercialization of any of our product candidates that are classified as controlled substances. 
 We could be subject to product liability lawsuits based on the use of our product candidates in clinical testing or, if obtained, following our products marketing approval and commercialization. Product liability lawsuits brought against us or any of our future collaborators could divert our resources and attention, require us to cease clinical testing, cause us to incur substantial liabilities or limit commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We are exposed to potential product liability and professional indemnity risks that are inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing and use of biopharmaceutical products. Currently, we have no products that have been approved for commercial sale; however, the use of our product candidates by us and any collaborators in clinical trials may expose us to liability claims. We will face an even greater risk if product candidates are approved by regulatory authorities and introduced commercially. Product liability claims may be brought against us or our partners if any product candidate we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable for human use during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claim may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. Such claims could be made by participants enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, health care providers, biopharmaceutical companies, our collaborators or others using, administering or selling any of our future approved products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against any such claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. 
 Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any of our future approved products; 
 injury to our reputation; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 
 significant litigation costs; 
 substantial monetary awards to, or costly settlements with, patients or other claimants; 
 product recalls or a change in the indications for which any approved drug products may be used; 
 loss of revenue; 
 diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and 
 the inability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Although the clinical trial process is designed to identify and assess potential side effects, clinical development does not always fully characterize the safety and efficacy profile of a new medicine, and it is always possible that a drug, even after regulatory approval, may exhibit unforeseen side effects. If our product candidates were to cause adverse side effects during clinical trials or after approval, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities. Physicians and patients may not comply with any warnings that identify known potential adverse effects and patients who should not use our product candidates. If any of our product candidates are approved for commercial sale, we will be highly dependent upon consumer perceptions of us and the safety and quality of our products. We could be adversely affected if we are subject to negative publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from physicians or patients use or misuse of our products or any similar products distributed by other companies. 
 Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage including clinical trial liability, this insurance may not fully cover potential liabilities that we may incur. The cost of any product liability litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. We will need to increase our insurance coverage if we commercialize any product that receives regulatory approval. In addition, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, it could prevent or inhibit the development and commercial production and sale of our product candidates, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological and scientific change, and there is a possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are safer, more advanced or more effective than ours, which may negatively impact our ability to successfully market or commercialize any product candidates we may develop and ultimately harm our financial condition. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We may face competition with respect to any product candidates that we seek to develop or commercialize in the future from biopharmaceutical companies worldwide. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 
 Specifically, we face competition with T-type calcium channel inhibitor programs in development targeting ET, including that of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, as well as other programs in clinical development targeting other mechanisms of action, and approved therapies, such as propranolol, and off-label therapies, such as primidone; and sodium channel blocker or similar programs in development for DEEs, including those of SK-Pharma, Xenon Pharmaceuticals, Neurocrine Biosciences and Stoke Therapeutics, as well as other programs in clinical development targeting other mechanisms of action, and approved therapies including other existing ion channel blockers. 
 If any of these competitors or competitors for our other product candidates receive FDA approval before we do, our product candidates would not be the first treatment on the market, and our market share may be limited. In addition to competition from other companies targeting our target indications, any products we may develop may also face competition from other types of therapies. 
 Many of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their strategic partners, have: 
 greater financial, technical and human resources than we have at every stage of the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of products; 
 more extensive experience in preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and in manufacturing, marketing and selling drug products; 
 products that have been approved or are in late stages of development; and 
 collaborative arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. 
 Mergers and acquisitions in the biopharmaceutical industry may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Furthermore, currently approved products could be discovered to have application for treatment of our targeted disease indications or similar indications, which could give such products significant regulatory and market timing advantages over our product candidates. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours and may obtain orphan product exclusivity from the FDA for indications that we are targeting, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, products or technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete and we may not be successful in marketing any product candidates we may develop against competitors. 
 In addition, we could face litigation or other proceedings with respect to the scope, ownership, validity and/or enforceability of our patents relating to our competitors products and our competitors may allege that our products infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property. The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of our Product Candidates 
 Risks Related to Post-Marketin g Regulatory Requirements 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive post-marketing regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, when and if any of them are approved. 
 Even if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements in the applicable jurisdictions for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information. In addition, we will be subject to continued compliance with cGMP or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 
 Manufacturers and their facilities are required to comply with extensive regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP or other similar regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP or similar regulatory requirements and adherence to commitments made in any marketing application, and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. In the United States, the FDA may also require a REMS program as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Similar requirements may apply in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. 
 In the United States and elsewhere, the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information or other restrictions; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS or similar program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the manufacturing of our products, the approved manufacturers or the manufacturing process; 
 withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary product recalls; 
 requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 
 fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenues; 
 warning or untitled letters from the FDA or comparable notice of violations from foreign regulatory authorities; 
 suspensions of any of our ongoing clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 
 product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and 
 consent decrees, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 Violations of the FDCA relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may also lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws. Accordingly, to the extent we receive marketing approval for one or more of our product candidates, we and our third-party partners will continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including promotional and labeling compliance, manufacturing, production, product surveillance and quality control. Any 
 43 

Table of Contents 

government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products, if approved. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 The policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow to, or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to enforcement action and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. If we are found or alleged to have improperly promoted off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about drug products. These regulations include standards and restrictions for direct-to-consumer advertising, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, promotional activities involving the internet and off-label promotion. For example, any regulatory approval that the FDA grants is limited to those indications and patient populations for which a drug is deemed to be safe and effective by the FDA. 
 While physicians in the United States may choose, and are generally permitted, to prescribe products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and for uses that differ from those tested in clinical trials and approved by the regulatory authorities, our ability to promote any of our products candidates, if approved, will be narrowly limited to those indications and populations that are specifically approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies, and if we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. For example, the federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The government has also required companies to enter into consent decrees or imposed permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our product candidates, if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Sales, Marketing and Competition 
 Our commercial success depends upon attaining significant market acceptance of our drug product candidates, if approved, among physicians, patients, third-party payors and other members of the medical community. 
 Even if any of the product candidates we develop receives marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid programs and managed care organizations in the United States, and others in the medical community. In addition, the availability of coverage by third-party payors may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures designed to reduce the cost of health care. If the product candidates we develop do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. 
 The degree of market acceptance of any product candidate, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 
 the ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 
 perceptions by the medical community, physicians, and patients, regarding the safety and effectiveness of our products and the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 
 the size of the market for such product candidate, based on the size of the patient subsets that we are targeting, in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

the recommendations with respect to our product candidates in guidelines published by various scientific organizations applicable to us and our product candidates; 
 the strength of sales, marketing and distribution support; 
 the timing of any such marketing approval in relation to other product approvals; 
 any restrictions on concomitant use of other medications; 
 support from patient advocacy groups; 
 the ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 
 If government and other third-party payors do not provide coverage and adequate reimbursement levels for any products we commercialize, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. 
 The successful commercialization of our product candidates in the United States will depend in part on the extent to which third-party payors, including governmental authorities and private health insurers, provide coverage and adequate reimbursement levels, as well as implement pricing policies favorable for our product candidates. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and in other countries, patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. The availability of coverage and adequacy of reimbursement for our products by third-party payors, including government health care programs e.g. , Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE), managed care providers, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other organizations is essential for most patients to be able to afford medical services and biopharmaceutical products such as our product candidates. Third-party payors decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. 
 In the United States, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, determines whether and to what extent new products will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 
 safe, effective and medically necessary; 
 appropriate for the specific patient; 
 cost-effective; and 
 neither experimental nor investigational. 
 Our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors. Moreover, a payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. If coverage and adequate reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment. 
 In the United States, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for our products can differ significantly from payor to payor. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. One payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product. Third-party payors may also limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately estimate the potential revenue from, our product candidates. 
 A decision by a third-party payor not to cover or not to separately reimburse for our medical products or therapies using our products could reduce physician utilization of our products once approved. Assuming there is 
 45 

Table of Contents 

coverage for our product candidates, or therapies using our product candidates by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement in the United States will be available for our current or future product candidates, or for any procedures using such product candidates, and any reimbursement that may become available may not be adequate or may be decreased or eliminated in the future. 
 Further, increasing efforts by third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. In order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or comparable regulatory approvals. Additionally, we may also need to provide discounts to purchasers, private health plans or government healthcare programs. Our product candidates may nonetheless not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. We expect to experience pricing pressures from third-party payors in connection with the potential sale of any of our product candidates. 
 Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 
 In some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, in the European Union, member states can restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and they can control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. Approaches between member states are diverging. For example, in France, effective market access will be supported by agreements with hospitals and products may be reimbursed by the Social Security Fund. The price of reimbursed medicines is negotiated with the Economic Committee for Health Products, or CEPS. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for biopharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 Even if we obtain approval of any of our product candidates in the United States or Europe, we may never obtain approval or commercialize such products in other countries, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. 
 In order to market any products in the United States or Europe, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements regarding safety and efficacy. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approvals outside of where our clinical trials currently have been conducted could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and may require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials which would be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. Satisfying these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. In addition, our failure to obtain regulatory approval in any country may delay or have negative effects on the process for regulatory approval in other countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, our ability to realize the full market potential of our products will be harmed. 
 We currently have no marketing and sales organization and have no experience as a company in commercializing products, and we may have to invest significant resources to develop these capabilities. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if approved, we may not be able to generate product revenue. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

We have no internal sales, marketing or distribution capabilities, nor have we commercialized a product. If any of our product candidates ultimately receives regulatory approval, we expect to establish a marketing and sales organization with technical expertise and supporting distribution capabilities to commercialize each such product in major markets, which will be expensive and time consuming. We have no prior experience as a company in the marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products and there are significant risks involved in building and managing a sales organization, including our ability to hire, retain and incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of these products. We may also choose to collaborate with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution systems. We may not be able to enter into collaborations or hire consultants or external service providers to assist us in sales, marketing and distribution functions on acceptable financial terms, or at all. In addition, our product revenues and our profitability, if any, may be lower if we rely on third parties for these functions than if we were to market, sell and distribute any products that we develop ourselves. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively. If we are not successful in commercializing our products, either on our own or through arrangements with one or more third parties, we may not be able to generate any future product revenue and we would incur significant additional losses. 
 Risks Related to Ongoing Regulatory and Legal Compliance 
 Risks Related to Healthcare and Related Laws 
 Our relationships with healthcare providers and physicians and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Although we do not currently have any products on the market, upon commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, we will be subject to additional healthcare statutory and regulatory requirements and oversight by federal and state governments in the United States as well as foreign governments in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare providers, third-party payors, customers and others may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. In particular, the research of our product candidates, as well as the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business or financial arrangements. 
 The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order, arrangement or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. Further, courts have found that if one purpose of remuneration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback statute is violated. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between biopharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers, among others, on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution; 
 the federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the FCA, and civil monetary penalty laws which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false, fictitious or fraudulent claims for payment to, or approval by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs; knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement 
 47 

Table of Contents 

material to a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim under the FCA. Manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring qui tam actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery or settlement; 
 the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private), and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation, or making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false fictitious or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA fraud provisions without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 
 the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to direct or indirect payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician providers including physician providers including physician assistants and nurse practitioners, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by the physicians and their immediate family members; 
 federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 
 analogous U.S. state, local and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers, and may be broader in scope than their federal equivalents; state and foreign laws that require biopharmaceutical companies to comply with the biopharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and other relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; and state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or drug pricing; state and local laws that require the registration of biopharmaceutical sales representatives. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 
 It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices, including our arrangements with physicians and other healthcare providers, some of whom may receive stock options as compensation for services provided, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant sanctions, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, reputational harm, exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, 
 48 

Table of Contents 

contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. 
 Further, if any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to similar penalties. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any product candidate we develop outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. All of these could harm our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements. 
 We may be subject to, or may in the future become subject to, U.S. federal and state, and foreign laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, use, disclose, store and process personal information. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could result in liability or reputational harm and could harm our business. Ensuring compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and we are or may become subject to numerous state, federal and foreign laws, requirements and regulations governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and security of personal information, such as information that we may collect in connection with clinical trials in the United States and abroad. Implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations, standards, or perception of their requirements may have on our business. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions or to collect, store, transfer use and share personal information, necessitate the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulation, our internal policies and procedures or our contracts governing our processing of personal information could result in negative publicity, government investigations and enforcement actions, claims by third parties and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business. 
 In Europe, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, took effect in May 2018. The GDPR imposes stringent requirements on entities that process personal data of individuals in the European Economic Area, or EEA. These requirements include, for example, establishing a legal basis for processing, providing notice to data subjects about how personal data is collected and processed, developing procedures to vindicate expanded data subject rights, implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard personal data, introducing the obligation to notify data protection regulators or supervisory authorities (and in certain cases, affected individuals) of significant data breaches, imposing limitations on retention of personal data, maintaining a record of data processing and complying with the principal of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit. In addition, the GDPR establishes obligations for entities that process special categories of personal data, such as health data. Nearly all clinical trials involve the processing of these special categories of personal data, and processing of personal data collected during the course of clinical trials is therefore subject to heightened protections under the GDPR. Violations of the GDPR can lead to potential fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant undertaking, whichever is greater. In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease / change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, and/ or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources, and reputational harm. 
 Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the European Union and the United States remains uncertain. For example, in 2016, the European Union and United States agreed to a transfer 
 49 

Table of Contents 

framework for data transferred from the European Union to the United States called the Privacy Shield, but in July 2020 the Court of Justice of the EU, or the CJEU, limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States by invalidating the Privacy Shield for purposes of international transfers and imposing further restrictions on use of the standard contractual clauses, or SCCs. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the SCCs, it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. Use of the SCCs must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals and additional measures and/or contractual provisions may need to be put in place, however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. The CJEU went on to state that if a competent supervisory authority believes that the SCCs cannot be complied with in the destination country and the required level of protection cannot be secured by other means, such supervisory authority is under an obligation to suspend or prohibit that transfer. The European Commission issued revised SCCs on June 4, 2021 to account for the decision of the CJEU and recommendations made by the European Data Protection Board. The revised SCCs must be used for relevant new data transfers from September 27, 2021; existing standard contractual clauses arrangements must be migrated to the revised clauses by December 27, 2022. There is some uncertainty around whether the revised clauses can be used for all types of data transfers, particularly whether they can be relied on for data transfers to non-EEA entities subject to the GDPR. The revised SCCs apply only to the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA and not the United Kingdom, or the U.K.; the U.K. s Information Commissioner s Office launched a public consultation on its draft revised data transfers mechanisms in August 2021. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Further, since January 2021, we may also be subject to the U.K. GDPR, which, together with the UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains the GDPR in U.K. national law. The U.K. GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR, meaning the potential of parallel fines of up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision in favor of the United Kingdom, enabling data transfers from EU member states to the United Kingdom without additional safeguards. However, the U.K. adequacy decision will automatically expire in June 2025 unless the European Commission re-assesses and renews/ extends that decision and remains under review by the Commission during this period. In September 2021, the U.K. government launched a consultation on its proposals for wide-ranging reform of U.K. data protection laws following Brexit. There is a risk that any material changes which are made to the U.K. data protection regime could result in the European Commission reviewing the U.K. adequacy decision, and the United Kingdom losing its adequacy decision if the European Commission deems the United Kingdom to no longer provide adequate protection for personal data. The relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains uncertain, and it is unclear how U.K. data protection laws and regulations will develop in the medium to longer term. 
 In the United States, HIPAA establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of individually identifiable health information, including protected health information, or PHI, by health plans, certain health care clearinghouses and health care providers that submit certain covered transactions electronically, or covered entities, and their business associates, which are persons or entities that perform certain services for, or on behalf of, a covered entity that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting PHI, as well as their covered subcontractors. While we do not believe that we are currently acting as a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA, we may receive individually identifiable health information from these entities. Failure to receive this information properly could subject us to HIPAA s criminal penalties. Further, any person may be prosecuted under HIPAA s criminal provisions either directly or under aiding-and-abetting or conspiracy principles. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could face substantial criminal penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information from a HIPAA-covered healthcare provider or research institution that has not satisfied HIPAA s requirements for disclosure of individually identifiable health information. In addition, responding to government investigations regarding alleged violations of these and other laws and regulations, even if ultimately concluded with no findings of violations or no penalties imposed, can consume company resources and impact our business and, if public, harm our reputation. 
 Various states, such as California and Massachusetts, have also implemented similar privacy laws and regulations, such as the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, or the CMIA, that impose restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information and other personally identifiable information. In addition to imposing fines and penalties, some of these state laws afford private rights of action to individuals who 
 50 

Table of Contents 

believe their personal information has been misused. California s patient privacy laws, for example, provide for significant penalties and permit injured parties to sue for damages. In addition to the CMIA, California also enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA creates individual privacy rights for California consumers and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability, and many similar laws have been proposed at the federal level and in other states. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, which generally went into effect on January 1, 2023, significantly amends the CCPA and imposes additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also creates a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have been passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, and have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. In the event that we are subject to or affected by the CCPA, the CPRA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. For example, according to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. 
 The interplay of federal and state laws may be subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us and potentially exposing us to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability. Further, as regulatory focus on privacy issues continues to increase and laws and regulations concerning the protection of personal information expand and become more complex, these potential risks to our business could intensify. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data security continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data security issues which may affect our business. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our employees, representatives, contractors, consultants, collaborators, or other third parties to comply with current and future laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (including the imposition of significant penalties), criminal and/or civil liability for us and our officers and directors, private litigation and/or adverse publicity that negatively affects our business. 
 Ongoing healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 In the United States and in some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and likely will continue to be, a number of legislative initiatives and regulatory changes regarding the healthcare system directed at broadening the availability of healthcare, improving the quality of healthcare, and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the ACA was enacted, which substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the U.S. biopharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjects biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars, expands the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program; introduced a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs; and created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (increased to 70 pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, or BBA, effective as of January 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. 
 Since its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive and legislative challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, President Biden issued an 
 51 

Table of Contents 

executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA . 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, on August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Moreover, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s AMP, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. Payment methodologies may also be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models, such as bundled payment models. Recently, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their products. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship b etween pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. By way of example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated, or the impact of the IRA on our business. 
 At the state level in the United States, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biologic product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions on coverage or access could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates that we successfully commercialize or put pressure on our product pricing. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States or in any other jurisdictions. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 In the United States, inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC, and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is 
 52 

Table of Contents 

inherently fluid and unpredictable. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs and or modifications to approved drugs or to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. 
 Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. Even though the FDA has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities to ensure the safety of its employees and those of the firms it regulates as it adapts to the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to hinder or prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to International Re g ulations 
 EU drug marketing and reimbursement regulations may materially affect our ability to market and receive coverage for our products in the European member states. 
 We ultimately intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the EU, the pricing of drugs is subject to governmental control and other market regulations which could put pressure on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future health care reform measures. 
 Much like the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibition in the United States, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the European Union. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is governed by the national laws of EU member states, and in respect of the United Kingdom (which is longer a member of the European Union), the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. 
 Payments made to physicians in certain EU member states must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians must often be subject to a prior notification and/or approval by the physician s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU member states. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU member states. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
 In addition, the requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. Reference pricing used by various EU member states and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. In some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical study or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of any of our product candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for biopharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. If pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or 
 53 

Table of Contents 

if reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, our revenues from sales and the potential profitability of any of our product candidates in those countries would be negatively affected. 
 In the EU, similar developments may affect our ability to profitably commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In addition to continuing pressure on prices and cost containment measures, legislative developments at the EU or member state level may result in significant additional requirements or obstacles that may increase our operating costs. The delivery of healthcare in the EU, including the establishment and operation of health services and the pricing and reimbursement of medicines, is almost exclusively a matter for national, rather than EU, law and policy. National governments and health service providers have different priorities and approaches to the delivery of health care and the pricing and reimbursement of products in that context. In general, however, the healthcare budgetary constraints in most EU member states have resulted in restrictions on the pricing and reimbursement of medicines by relevant health service providers. Coupled with ever-increasing EU and national regulatory burdens on those wishing to develop and market products, this could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In markets outside of the United States and EU, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. 
 
 In December 2021, Regulation No 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment, or HTA, amending Directive 2011/24/EU, was adopted. This regulation which entered into force in January 2022 and will become applicable from January 12, 2025 onwards, intends to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and providing the basis for cooperation at the EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. The regulation foresees a three-year transitional period and will permit EU member states to use common HTA tools, methodologies, and procedures across the EU, working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual EU member states will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical e.g. , economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technology, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. 
 Legal, political and economic uncertainty surrounding the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union may be a source of instability in international markets, create significant currency fluctuations, adversely affect our operations in the United Kingdom and pose additional risks to our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum in which a majority of the eligible members of the electorate voted to leave the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit. Pursuant to Article 50 of the Treaty on EU, the United Kingdom ceased being an EU member state on January 31, 2020. On December 30, 2020, the United Kingdom and European Union signed the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, or TCA, which includes an agreement on free trade between the two parties and has been provisionally applicable since January 1, 2021. Since January 1, 2021, the United Kingdom has operated under a separate regulatory regime to the European Union. EU laws regarding medicinal products only apply in respect of the United Kingdom to Northern Ireland (as set out in the Protocol on Ireland/Northern Ireland). The EU laws that have been transposed into U.K. law through secondary legislation remain applicable as retained EU law. However, under the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Bill 2022, which is currently before the U.K. parliament, any retained EU law not expressly preserved and assimilated into domestic law or extended by ministerial regulations (to no later than 23 June 2026) will automatically expire and be revoked by December 31, 2023. In addition, new EU legislation will not be applicable in Great Britain. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning medicinal products, which include the mutual recognition of Good Manufacturing Practice, or GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP documents issued (such mutual recognition can be rejected by either party in certain circumstances), but does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of U.K. and EU pharmaceutical regulations. Therefore, there remains political and economic uncertainty regarding to what extent the regulation of medicinal products will differ between the United Kingdom and the EU in the future. The U.K. government has passed a new Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021, which introduces delegated powers in favor of the Secretary of State or an appropriate authority to amend or supplement existing regulations in the area of medicines and medical devices. This allows new rules to be introduced in the future by way of secondary legislation, which aims to allow flexibility in addressing regulatory gaps. There is a possibility that over time, national laws will be amended and that consequently the regulatory framework in Great Britain will diverge from that of the EU. Any divergences will increase the cost and complexity of running our business, including with respect to the conduct of clinical trials. Since a significant proportion of the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom applicable to our business and our drug candidates is 
 54 

Table of Contents 

derived from EU directives and regulations, Brexit could materially impact the regulatory regime with respect to the development, manufacture, importation, approval and commercialization of our drug candidates in the United Kingdom or the European Union. 
 Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) is no longer covered by the European Union s procedures for the grant of marketing authorizations (Northern Ireland is covered by the centralized authorization procedure and can be covered under the decentralized or mutual recognition procedures). A separate marketing authorization will be required to market medicinal products in Great Britain. As of January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare Products regulatory Agency, or MHRA, is the United Kingdom's standalone medicines and medical devices regulator. It is currently unclear whether the MHRA is sufficiently prepared to handle the increased volume of marketing authorization applications that it is likely to receive. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, could prevent us and our collaborators or delay us and our collaborators from commercializing our drug candidates in the United Kingdom and/or the EEA and restrict our ability to generate revenue and achieve and sustain profitability. 
 The uncertainty concerning the United Kingdom s legal, political and economic relationship with the European Union after Brexit may be a source of instability in the international markets, create significant currency fluctuations and/or otherwise adversely affect trading agreements or similar cross-border co-operation arrangements (whether economic, tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory or otherwise) beyond the date of Brexit. 
 These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a significant adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and limit the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. In particular, it could also lead to a period of considerable uncertainty in relation to the U.K. financial and banking markets, as well as on the regulatory process in Europe. Asset valuations, currency exchange rates and credit ratings may also be subject to increased market volatility. 
 Such a withdrawal from the European Union is unprecedented, and it is unclear how the United Kingdom s access to the European single market for goods, capital, services and labor within the European Union, or single market, and the wider commercial, legal and regulatory environment, will impact our current and future operations (including business activities conducted by third parties and contract manufacturers on our behalf) and clinical activities in the United Kingdom. 
 Additional laws and regulations governing international operations could negatively impact or restrict our operations. 
 For our operations outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business entity from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the biopharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals and healthcare providers in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. Recently the SEC and Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents or contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information products classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products, technology and technical data relating to those products. If we continue and expand our presence outside of the United States, it will require us to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the United States, which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, the closing down of our facilities, requirements to obtain export licenses, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, implementation of compliance programs and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products, if approved, in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste products, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use or disposal of our hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 We maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees, but this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. However, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Risks Related to Licensed Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights and technology, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our business depends in large part on obtaining and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection of our proprietary technologies and our product candidates, their respective components, synthetic intermediates, formulations, combination therapies and methods used to manufacture them and methods of treatment, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop unauthorized third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing our product candidates is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities and whether a court would issue an injunctive remedy. If we are unable to secure and maintain patent protection for any product or technology we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection secured is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products and technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize any product candidates we may develop may be adversely affected. 
 The patenting process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or obtain, maintain and/or enforce patents or trademarks that may issue or be registered based on our applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In addition, our pending and future patent applications may not result in issued patents that protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or may not effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products.Changes in either patent laws or interpretation of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. Further, we may not pursue, obtain, or maintain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract research organizations, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach these agreements and disclose such results before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our 
 56 

Table of Contents 

ability to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or license to third parties and are reliant on our licensors or licensees. 
 The strength of patents in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover our product candidates or uses thereof in the United States or in other foreign countries. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our technology, including our product candidates, or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patent applications that we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop new or improved products and threaten our ability to commercialize our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. 
 We cannot be certain that we were the first to file any patent application related to our technology, including our product candidates, and, if we were not, we may be precluded from obtaining patent protection for our technology, including our product candidates. 
 We cannot be certain that we are the first to invent the inventions covered by pending patent applications and, if we are not, we may be subject to priority disputes. Furthermore, for United States applications in which all claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third-party or instituted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications. Similarly, for United States applications in which at least one claim is not entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, derivation proceedings can be instituted to determine whether the subject matter of a patent claim was derived from a prior inventor s disclosure. 
 We may be required to disclaim part or all of the term of certain patents or all of the term of certain patent applications. There may be prior art of which we are not aware that may affect the validity or enforceability of a patent or patent application claim. There also may be prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, which may, nonetheless, ultimately be found to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. No assurance can be given that if challenged, our patents would be declared by a court to be valid or enforceable or that even if found valid and enforceable, would adequately protect our product candidates, or would be found by a court to be infringed by a competitor s technology or product. We may analyze patents or patent applications of our competitors that we believe are relevant to our activities, and consider that we are free to operate in relation to our product candidates, but our competitors may achieve issued claims, including in patents we consider to be unrelated, which block our efforts or may potentially result in our product candidates or our activities infringing such claims. The possibility exists that others will develop products which have the same effect as our products on an independent basis which do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property rights, or will design around the claims of patents that may issue that cover our products. 
 Recent or future patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. Under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or America Invents Act, enacted in 2013, the United States moved from a first to invent to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The America Invents Act includes a number of other significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and establish a new post-grant review system. The effects of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO only recently developed new regulations and procedures in connection with the America Invents Act and many of the substantive changes to patent law, including the first-to-file provisions, only became effective in March 2013. In addition, the courts have yet to address many of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on specific patents discussed herein have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. However, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 57 

Table of Contents 

others may be able to make or use compounds that are similar to the compositions of our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of our patents or those of our licensors; 
 we or our licensors, as the case may be, may fail to meet our obligations to the U.S. government in regards to any in-licensed patents and patent applications funded by U.S. government grants, leading to the loss of patent rights; 
 we or our licensors, as the case may be, might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 
 it is possible that our pending patent applications will not result in issued patents; 
 it is possible that there are prior public disclosures that could invalidate our or our licensors patents, as the case may be, or parts of our or their patents; 
 it is possible that others may circumvent our owned or in-licensed patents; 
 it is possible that there are unpublished applications or patent applications maintained in secrecy that may later issue with claims covering our products or technology similar to ours; 
 the laws of foreign countries may not protect our or our licensors , as the case may be, proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States; 
 the claims of our owned or in-licensed issued patents or patent applications, if and when issued, may not cover our product candidates; 
 our owned or in-licensed issued patents may not provide us with any competitive advantages, may be narrowed in scope, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties; 
 the inventors of our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications may become involved with competitors, develop products or processes which design around our patents or become hostile to us or the patents or patent applications on which they are named as inventors; 
 it is possible that our owned or in-licensed patents or patent applications omit individual(s) that should be listed as inventor(s) or include individual(s) that should not be listed as inventor(s), which may cause these patents or patents issuing from these patent applications to be held invalid or unenforceable; 
 we have engaged in scientific collaborations in the past, and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Such collaborators may develop adjacent or competing products to ours that are outside the scope of our patents; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies for which we can obtain patent protection; 
 it is possible that product candidates or diagnostic tests that we develop may be covered by third parties patents or other exclusive rights; or 
 the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to License and Collaboration A g reements 
 We have entered into, and may enter into, license or other collaboration agreements that impose certain obligations on us. If we fail to comply with our obligations under such agreements with third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our current or future licensors, we could lose rights that may be important to our business. 
 In connection with our efforts to expand our pipeline of product candidates, we have entered into and may further enter into certain licenses or other collaboration agreements in the future pertaining to the in-license of rights to additional candidates. Such agreements may impose various reporting, diligence, milestone payment, royalty, 
 58 

Table of Contents 

insurance or other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, our licensor or collaboration partners may have the right to terminate the relevant agreement, in which event we would not be able to develop or market the products covered by such licensed intellectual property, or to pursue other remedies. 
 We may not be able to obtain licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. Furthermore, if we lose intellectual property rights licensed under existing agreements or fail to obtain future licenses, we may be required to expend considerable time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected proprietary technologies and product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. Third-party patents may exist which might be enforced against our current or future proprietary technologies and product candidates, resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties 
 Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 the extent to which our product candidates, technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 
 our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 
 the priority of invention of patented technology. 
 In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or could increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, we may have limited control over the maintenance and prosecution of these in-licensed patents and patent applications, or any other intellectual property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example, we cannot be certain that such activities by any future licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. If any of our current or future licensors fail to obtain and maintain patent or other protection for the proprietary intellectual property we license from them, we could lose our rights to the intellectual property, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business and our competitors could market competing products using the intellectual property. In the event we breach any of our obligations related to such prosecution, we may incur significant liability to our licensing partners, including loss of our right to prosecute the licensed patent applications or early termination of the license by our licensor. We also may have limited control over the manner in which our licensors initiate an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property rights, or defend certain of the intellectual property that is licensed to us. It is possible that the licensors infringement proceeding or defense activities may be less vigorous than had we conducted them ourselves. 
 Our technology licensed from third parties may be subject to retained rights. 
 Any license we may enter into could provide for the retention by the licensor of certain rights under their agreements with us, including for example, the right to use the underlying technology for noncommercial academic and research use, to publish general scientific findings from research related to the technology, and to make customary scientific and scholarly disclosures of information relating to the technology. It is difficult to monitor whether any future licensors will limit their use of the technology to these uses, and we may incur substantial expenses to enforce our rights to our licensed technology in the event of misuse. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the U.S. government retains certain rights in inventions produced with its financial assistance under the Patent and Trademark Law Amendments Act, or the Bayh-Dole Act. The U.S. government retains a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license for its own benefit. The Bayh-Dole Act also provides federal agencies with march-in rights. March-in rights allow the government, in specified circumstances, to require the contractor or successors in title to the patent to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license to a responsible applicant or applicants. If the patent owner refuses to do so, the government may grant the license itself. The Bayh-Dole Act also imposes other obligations, including the requirement that products covered by the government funded patents be manufactured in the United States. We sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development. In the future, we may own or license technology which is critical to our business that is developed in whole or in part with federal funds subject to the Bayh-Dole Act. If the federal government exercises its rights under the Bayh-Dole Act, our ability to enforce or otherwise exploit patents covering such technology may be adversely affected. 
 We may rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how, which can be difficult to trace and enforce and, if we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we rely heavily upon know-how and trade secret protection, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties, to protect our confidential and proprietary information, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee or third-party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. Our security measures may not prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and recourse we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Additionally, because we expect to rely on third parties in the development and manufacture of our product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. Any disclosure, either intentional or unintentional, by our employees, the employees of third parties with whom we share our facilities or third-party consultants and vendors that we engage to perform research, clinical trials or manufacturing activities, or misappropriation by third parties (such as through a cybersecurity breach) of our trade secrets or proprietary information could enable competitors to duplicate or surpass our technological achievements. 
 Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. 
 In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. If we choose to go to court to stop a third-party from using any of our trade secrets, we may incur substantial costs. These lawsuits may consume our time and other resources even if we are successful. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. 
 Risks Related to Potential Third-Party Claims 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation, inter partes review, post grant review, and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We may be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, there may be a risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 
 We also may be subject to, or threatened with, other third party claims relating to alleged infringement of intellectual property or other proprietary rights, including breach of nondisclosure, nonuse, noncompetition and non-solicitation provisions, intellectual property assignment and ownership, and misuse or misappropriation of intellectual property, trade secrets and other confidential information, among others. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds us liable for any such claims, we may be prohibited from using certain intellectual property, trade secrets and confidential information, effectively blocking our ability to seek patent protection for our inventions and slowing or halting the progress of our clinical development and commercialization efforts. 
 If a third-party claims that we infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 
 infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management s attention from our core business; 
 substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes on or violates the third-party s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 
 a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, unless the third-party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do; 
 if a license is available from a third-party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross- licenses to intellectual property rights for our products and any license that is available may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property; and 
 redesigning our product candidates or processes so that they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 
 If we are found to infringe a third-party s intellectual property rights, we could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing technologies, product candidates or products. Alternatively, we may be required to obtain a license from such third-party in order to use the infringing technology and continue developing, manufacturing or marketing the infringing technologies, product candidates or products. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our technologies, product candidates or products or force us to cease some of our business operations, and could divert the time and attention of our technical personnel and management, cause development delays, and/or require us to develop non-infringing technology, which may not be possible on a cost-effective basis, any of which could materially harm our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, pay royalties and other fees, redesign our infringing drug or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Our collaborators may assert ownership or commercial rights to inventions they develop from research we support or that we develop or otherwise arising from the collaboration. 
 We collaborate with several institutions, universities, medical centers, physicians and researchers in scientific matters and expect to continue to enter into additional collaboration agreements. In certain cases, we do not have written agreements with these collaborators, or the written agreements we have do not cover intellectual property rights. Also, we rely on numerous third parties to provide us with materials that we use to conduct our research activities and develop our product candidates. If we cannot successfully negotiate sufficient ownership and commercial rights to any inventions that result from our use of a third-party collaborator s materials, or if disputes arise with respect to the intellectual property developed with the use of a collaborator s samples, or data developed in a collaborator s study, in cases where written agreements either do or do not exist, we may be limited in our ability to capitalize on the market potential of these inventions or developments. 
 Additionally, our licensors may have relied on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties, such as the U.S. government, such that our licensors are not the sole and exclusive owners of the patents we in-license. If other third parties have ownership rights or other rights to our in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 We may be subject to claims that employees, former employees or third parties have an interest in our patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. The failure to name the proper inventors on a patent application can result in the patents issuing thereon being unenforceable. Inventorship disputes may arise from conflicting views regarding the contributions of different individuals named as inventors or not named as inventors, the effects of foreign laws where foreign nationals are involved in the development of the subject matter of the patent, conflicting obligations of third parties involved in developing our product candidates or as a result of questions regarding co-ownership of potential joint inventions. Litigation may be necessary to resolve these and other claims challenging inventorship and/or ownership. Alternatively, or additionally, we may enter into agreements to clarify the scope of our rights in such intellectual property. If we fail in defending any such claims, or portion of such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 In addition, while we require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. 
 There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to compounds, compositions of matter, materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods of use that encompass the composition, use or manufacture of our product candidates. There may be currently pending patent applications of which we are currently unaware which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or their use or manufacture may infringe. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our product candidates and other proprietary technologies we may develop, could be found to be infringed by our product candidates. If any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover our product candidates, intermediates used in the manufacture of our product candidates or our materials generally, aspects of our formulations or methods of use, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or 
 62 

Table of Contents 

delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible, or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
 Third parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. 
 As is common in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or biopharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A court could also prohibit us from using technologies or features that are essential to our product candidates, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of the former employers. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to develop any future product candidates on acceptable terms. 
 Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. 
 Our product candidates may also require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and these rights may be held by others. We may develop products containing our compounds and pre-existing biopharmaceutical compounds. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compounds, compositions, formulations, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify as necessary or important to our business operations. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all, which would harm our business. We may need to cease use of the compounds, compositions formulations, methods of use or processes covered by such third-party intellectual property rights, and may need to seek to develop alternative approaches that do not infringe on such intellectual property rights which may entail additional costs and development delays, even if we were able to develop such alternatives, which may not be feasible. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we sometimes collaborate with academic institutions to accelerate our preclinical research or development under written agreements with these institutions. In certain cases, these institutions may provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such option, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified timeframe or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to others, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property or to maintain the existing intellectual property rights we have, we may have to abandon development of such program and our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and companies, which may be more established, or have different or greater resources than we do, may also be pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider necessary or attractive in order to commercialize our product candidates. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete such negotiations and ultimately acquire the rights to the intellectual property surrounding the additional product candidates that we may seek to acquire. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, or the patents or intellectual property of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors or other third parties may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property, or the intellectual property of our current or future licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Our pending patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In addition, in any infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of our patents is not valid or is unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question or for other reasons. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly, and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. 
 We may choose to challenge the patentability of claims in a third-party s U.S. patent by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in an ex-parte re-examination, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings. These proceedings are expensive and may consume our time or other resources. We may choose to challenge a third-party s patent in patent opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, or EPO, or other foreign patent office. The costs of these opposition proceedings could be substantial, and may consume our time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO, EPO or other patent office then we may be exposed to litigation by a third-party alleging that the patent may be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. 
 In addition, because some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not at all, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our owned and in-licensed issued patents or our pending applications, or that we or, if applicable, a licensor were the first to invent the technology. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our products or technology similar to ours. Any such patent application may have priority over our owned and in-licensed patent applications or patents, which could require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to those owned by or in-licensed to us, we or, in the case of in-licensed technology, the licensor may have to participate in an interference or derivation proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention in the United States. If we or one of our licensors is a party to an interference or derivation proceeding involving a U.S. patent application on inventions 
 64 

Table of Contents 

owned by or in-licensed to us, we may incur substantial costs, divert management s time and expend other resources, even if we are successful. 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our licensors. An unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. Litigation or interference proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 Even if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may or may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our common stock. Moreover, we may not have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Patent Laws and Protection 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuities fees and various other governmental fees on any issued patent and/or patent application are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent and/or patent application. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other provisions during the patent application process and following the issuance of a patent. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In certain circumstances, even inadvertent noncompliance events may permanently and irrevocably jeopardize patent rights. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Any patents, if issued, covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO. 
 If we or one of our licensors initiate legal proceedings against a third-party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third-party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement or insufficient written description. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during patent prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. In any 
 65 

Table of Contents 

patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention, or decide that the other party s use of our patented technology falls under the safe harbor to patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. 271(e)(1). An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial conditions, and prospects. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 
 Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, inter partes review, post grant review, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, or if we are otherwise unable to adequately protect our rights, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize or license our technology and product candidates. 
 Likewise, our current licensed or owned patents are expected to expire between 2029 and 2041, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions. Our earliest patents may expire before, or soon after, our first product achieves marketing approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. Upon the expiration of our current patents, we may lose the right to exclude others from practicing these inventions. The expiration of these patents could also have a similar material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Our current licensed or owned pending patent applications covering our proprietary technologies or our product candidates that if issued as patents are expected to expire from 2029 through 2043, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions. However, we cannot be assured that the USPTO or relevant foreign patent offices will grant any of these patent applications not already granted or that a court will uphold any patents already issued. 
 Changes in patent law in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 Our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents involves both technological and legal complexity and is therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 16, 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. On March 16, 2013, under the America Invents Act, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO on or after March 16, 2013, but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our product candidates or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our or our licensor s patents or patent applications. 
 The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter-parties review and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United 
 66 

Table of Contents 

States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our owned or in-licensed issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biopharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 We have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We have limited intellectual property rights outside the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of, and may require a compulsory license to, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products against third parties in violation of our proprietary rights generally. 
 The initiation of proceedings by third parties to challenge the scope or validity of our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions such as patent term adjustments and/or extensions, may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive technologies and products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

If we do not obtain patent term extension and data exclusivity for any product candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidates we may develop, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Action of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration and may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections of our applications by the USPTO or in other foreign jurisdictions. We may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. We may license our trademarks and trade names to third parties, such as distributors. Though these license agreements may provide guidelines for how our trademarks and trade names may be used, a breach of these agreements or misuse of our trademarks and tradenames by our licensees may jeopardize our rights in or diminish the goodwill associated with our trademarks and tradenames. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 Risks Related to Third Parties Generally 
 We rely on third parties to assist in conducting our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If they do not perform satisfactorily, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, or such approval or commercialization may be delayed, and our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely on third parties, such as laboratories, CROs, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions and clinical investigators, to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and expect to rely on these third parties to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials of any other product candidate that we develop. Any of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us under certain circumstances. We may not be able to enter into alternative arrangements or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Moreover, delays may occur, which could negatively impact our ability to meet our expected clinical development timelines and harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Although our reliance on these third parties for preclinical and clinical development activities limits our control over these activities, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards. Moreover, human clinical research must comply with GCPs for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, clinical trial sites and IRBs. If we or our third-party contractors fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our product 
 68 

Table of Contents 

candidates, which would delay the regulatory approval process. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, a regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with GCPs. 
 The third parties conducting clinical trials on our behalf are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such contractors, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time, skill and resources to our ongoing development programs. These outside contractors may not assign as great a priority to our programs or pursue them as diligently as we would if we were undertaking such programs ourselves. These contractors may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could impede their ability to devote appropriate time to our clinical programs. If these third parties, including clinical investigators, do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we may not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for our product candidates. If that occurs, we will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. In such an event, our financial results and the commercial prospects for any product candidates that we seek to develop could be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed, impaired or foreclosed. 
 If our relationships with any third parties conducting our studies are terminated, we may be unable to enter into arrangements with alternative third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Switching or adding third parties to conduct our studies involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired preclinical and clinical development timelines. Although we carefully manage our relationships with third parties conducting our studies, we cannot assure that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also rely on other third parties to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. Any performance failure on the part of our distributors could delay clinical development or regulatory approval of our product candidates or commercialization of any resulting products, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. 
 Risks Related to Third-Party Manufacturers 
 We contract with third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or drugs or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We do not currently have the infrastructure or internal capability to manufacture supplies of our product candidates for use in development and commercialization. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party manufacturers for the production of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials under the guidance of members of our organization. If we were to experience an unexpected loss of supply of any of our product candidates or any of our future product candidates for any reason, whether as a result of manufacturing, supply or storage issues or otherwise, we could experience delays, disruptions, suspensions or terminations of, or be required to restart or repeat, any pending or ongoing clinical trials. 
 We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers for the commercial supply of any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We may be unable to maintain or establish required agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 the failure of the third party to manufacture our product candidates according to our schedule, or at all, including if our third-party contractors give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreements between us and them; 
 the reduction or termination of production or deliveries by suppliers, or the raising of prices or renegotiation of terms; 
 the termination or nonrenewal of arrangements or agreements by our third-party contractors at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us; 
 the breach by the third-party contractors of our agreements with them; 
 the failure of third-party contractors to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; 
 69 

Table of Contents 

the failure of the third party to manufacture our product candidates according to our specifications; 
 the mislabeling of clinical supplies, potentially resulting in the wrong dose amounts being supplied or study drug or placebo not being properly identified; 
 clinical supplies not being delivered to clinical sites on time and at expected cost due to inflationary impacts, leading to clinical trial interruptions, or of drug supplies not being distributed to commercial vendors in a timely manner, resulting in lost sales; and 
 the misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how. 
 We do not have complete control over all aspects of the manufacturing process of, and are dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP or similar regulations for manufacturing both active drug substances and finished drug products. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP or similar regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside of the United States. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain marketing approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we do not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain marketing approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or drugs, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidates or drugs and harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any product candidates that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 If any third-party manufacturer of our product candidates is unable to increase the scale of its production of our product candidates, and/or increase the product yield of its manufacturing, then our costs to manufacture the product may increase and commercialization may be delayed. 
 In order to produce sufficient quantities to meet the demand for clinical trials and, if approved, subsequent commercialization of our product candidates that we may develop, our third-party manufacturers will be required to increase their production and optimize their manufacturing processes while maintaining the quality of the product. The transition to larger scale production could prove difficult. In addition, if our third party manufacturers are not able to optimize their manufacturing processes to increase the product yield for our product candidates, or if they are unable to produce increased amounts of our product candidates while maintaining the quality of the product, then we may not be able to meet the demands of clinical trials or market demands, which could decrease our ability to generate profits and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operation. 
 Risks Related to Third-Party Suppliers 
 We depend on third-party suppliers for key raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, some of which are our sole source of supply, and the loss of these third-party suppliers or their inability to supply us with adequate raw materials could harm our business. 
 We rely on our CDMOs to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce our product candidates for our clinical trials. We do not have, nor do we expect to enter into, any agreements for the commercial production of these raw materials, and we do not expect to have any control over the process or timing of our CDMOs acquisition of raw materials needed to produce our product candidates. Any significant delay in the supply of a product candidate or the raw material components thereof for an ongoing clinical trial due to a manufacturer s need to replace a third-party supplier of raw materials could considerably delay completion of our clinical trials, product testing and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates. Additionally, if our future manufacturers or we are unable to purchase these raw materials to commercially produce any of our product candidates that gains regulatory approvals, the commercial launch of our product candidates would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our product candidates. 
 Furthermore, for those third-party suppliers who may be our sole source of supply of certain materials, we may not have arrangements in place for a redundant or second-source supply of any such materials in the event any of 
 70 

Table of Contents 

our current suppliers cease their operations for any reason. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for the raw materials used in our product candidates, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, such replacement supplier would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory inspection or approval, which could result in further delay. 
 We depend on collaborations with third parties for the research, development and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. If any such collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to realize the market potential of those product candidates. 
 We have, and may seek in the future, third-party collaborators for the research, development and commercialization of certain of the product candidates we may develop. For example, we have a collaboration with Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to further our development of product candidates and to enhance our research efforts directed to developing a product candidate for the treatment of epilepsy. Our likely collaborators for any other collaboration arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and academic institutions, such as The Florey Institute of Neuroscience. If we enter into any such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have shared or limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators dedicate to the development or potential commercialization of any product candidates we may seek to develop with them. Our ability to generate revenue from these arrangements with commercial entities will depend on our collaborators abilities to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. We cannot predict the success of any collaboration that we enter into. 
 Collaborations involving our research programs, or any product candidates we may develop, pose the following risks to us: 
 collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 
 collaborators may not properly obtain, maintain, enforce or defend intellectual property or proprietary rights relating to our product candidates or research programs, or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to expose us to potential litigation or other intellectual property related proceedings, including proceedings challenging the scope, ownership, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property; 
 collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our product candidates or research programs that results from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we may not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property or such product candidates or research programs; 
 we may need the cooperation of our collaborators to enforce or defend any intellectual property we contribute to or that arises out of our collaborations, which may not be provided to us; 
 collaborators may control certain interactions with regulatory authorities, which may impact our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our products candidates; 
 disputes may arise between the collaborators and us that result in the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our product candidates or research programs or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 collaborators may decide to not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates we develop or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborator s strategic focus or available funding or external factors such as an acquisition that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our product candidates or research programs if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 
 collaborators may restrict us from researching, developing or commercializing certain products or technologies without their involvement; 
 collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more product candidates may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product candidates; 
 71 

Table of Contents 

we may lose certain valuable rights under circumstances identified in our collaborations, including if we undergo a change of control; 
 collaborators may grant sublicenses to our technology or product candidates or undergo a change of control and the sublicensees or new owners may decide to take the collaboration in a direction which is not in our best interest; 
 collaborators may become bankrupt, which may significantly delay our research or development programs, or may cause us to lose access to valuable technology, know-how or intellectual property of the collaborator relating to our products, product candidates or research programs; 
 key personnel at our collaborators may leave, which could negatively impact our ability to productively work with our collaborators; 
 collaborations may require us to incur short and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our stockholders or disrupt our management and business; 
 if our collaborators do not satisfy their obligations under our agreements with them, or if they terminate our collaborations with them, we may not be able to develop or commercialize product candidates as planned; 
 collaborations may require us to share in development and commercialization costs pursuant to budgets that we do not fully control and our failure to share in such costs could have a detrimental impact on the collaboration or our ability to share in revenue generated under the collaboration; 
 collaborations may be terminated in their entirety or with respect to certain product candidates or technologies and, if so terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates or technologies; and 
 collaboration agreements may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner or at all. If a present or future collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, the continued pursuit and emphasis on our development or commercialization program under such collaboration could be delayed, diminished or terminated. 
 We may face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborations. Recent business combinations among biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have resulted in a reduced number of potential collaborators. In addition, the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to negotiate collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop product candidates or bring them to market and generate product revenue. 
 If we enter into collaborations to develop and potentially commercialize any product candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we or our collaborator elects not to exercise the rights granted under the agreement or if we or our collaborator are unable to successfully integrate a product candidate into existing operations and company culture. The failure to develop and commercialize a product candidate pursuant to our agreements with our current or future collaborators could prevent us from receiving future payments under such agreements, which could negatively impact our revenues. In addition, if our agreement with any of our collaborators terminates, our access to technology and intellectual property licensed to us by that collaborator may be restricted or terminate entirely, which may delay our continued development of our product candidates utilizing the collaborator s technology or intellectual property or require us to stop development of those product candidates completely. We may also find it more difficult to find a suitable replacement collaborator or attract new collaborators, and our development programs may be delayed or the perception of us in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. Many of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval, and commercialization described in this Risk Factors section also apply to the activities of our collaborators and any negative impact on our collaborators may adversely affect us. 
 We may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions or alliances. 
 We may acquire additional businesses or products, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising 
 72 

Table of Contents 

markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. 
 Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Our Business and Operations 
 Risks Related to Business Operations 
 Our business is subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Some of our suppliers and collaborative relationships are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 
 economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular non-U.S. economies and markets; 
 differing and changing regulatory requirements in non-U.S. countries; 
 challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States, including our ability to prosecute or maintain patents in Russia due to the sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries on Russia as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine and our ability to enforce patents due to Russia's March 2022 decree that allows the use of inventions, utility models and industrial designs that are held by intellectual property owners from "unfriendly countries," including the United States, without the consent of or payment of any compensation to such owners; 
 difficulties in compliance with non-U.S. laws and regulations; 
 changes in non-U.S. regulations and customs, tariffs and trade barriers; 
 changes in non-U.S. currency exchange rates and currency controls; 
 changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic environment; 
 trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements or other restrictive actions by U.S. or non-U.S. governments; 
 negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 
 compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 
 workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 
 difficulties associated with staffing and managing international operations, including differing labor relations 
 potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 or comparable foreign laws, including expanded sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries on Russia due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine; 
 business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism, such as Russia's invasion of Ukraine, natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, or health epidemics such as COVID-19; and 
 cyberattacks, which are growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, including an increased likelihood that Russia's invasion of Ukraine could result in more cyberattacks or cybersecurity incidents. 
 These and other risks associated with our planned international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain profitable operations. 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics or other business interruptions and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Natural disasters or health epidemics could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage, health epidemic or other event occurred that prevented us from conducting our clinical trials, releasing clinical trial 
 73 

Table of Contents 

results or delaying our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates , it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. 
 For example, since December 2019, several novel strains of coronavirus have been identified and continue to spread globally, including in the United States, and the disease they cause, COVID-19, has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken in response thereto have impacted the global economy and may impact our operations, including the potential interruption of our clinical trial activities, regulatory reviews and our supply chain. As a result of stringent COVID-19 lockdown restrictions, we had previously observed delays in trial enrollment for our Phase 2a trial for ulixacaltamide in Australia. While these lockdowns did not lead to a material impact on our business, we cannot predict the scope and severity of potential shutdowns or disruptions of businesses due to COVID-19 or another pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the future. At present, we are not experiencing significant impact or delays from the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and, if our product candidates are approved, commercialization plans.We continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic as we evolve our clinical development plans. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the novel coronavirus strains, and of any future-identified novel coronavirus strains, the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain the coronavirus strains or treat their impact, including the adoption and effectiveness of vaccines and vaccine distribution efforts and the extent and duration of the pandemic's impact on economic conditions and social activity, including with respect to inflationary pressures and supply chain shortages and disruptions, among others. 
 Risks Related to Employees 
 We depend heavily on our executive officers, principal consultants and others, and the loss of their services would materially harm our business. 
 Our success depends, and will likely continue to depend, upon our ability to retain the services of our current executive officers, principal consultants and others, including Marcio Souza, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Timothy Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer. We have entered into employment agreements with Mr. Souza and Mr. Kelly, but they may terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of their services might impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives. In August 2022, Bernard Ravina stepped down as our Chief Medical Officer and transitioned to a part-time role as strategic advisor. This change in our senior management may be disruptive to our business, and if we are unable to manage an orderly transition of Dr. Ravina's duties to our clinical team or to a new Chief Medical Officer, our business may be adversely affected. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. 
 Our ability to compete in the biotechnology and pharmaceuticals industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. Our industry has experienced significant demand for, and a high rate of turnover of, management personnel in recent years. Replacing executive officers or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products successfully. 
 Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these additional key employees on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. 
 In addition, we have a limited number of employees to manage and operate our business. We cannot ensure that we will be able to maintain adequate staff to develop our product candidates, to run our operations or accomplish our objectives. If we are unable to maintain adequate staffing levels, our business and operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 We rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategies. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by other entities and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with those entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates will be limited. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, collaborators and contract research organizations may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could cause significant liability for us and harm our reputation. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, collaborators and contract research organizations may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by those parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violates: 
 regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; 
 manufacturing standards; 
 federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities; and 
 laws that require the accurate reporting of financial information or data. 
 Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of product materials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this kind of activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws, standards or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, possible exclusion from participation in the United States in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 We expect to expand our organization, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of regulatory affairs and sales, marketing and distribution, as well as to support our public company operations. To manage these growth activities, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational, quality and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Our management may need to devote a significant amount of its attention to managing these growth activities. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion or relocation of our operations, retain key employees, or identify, recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Our inability to manage the expansion or relocation of our operations effectively may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could also require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If we are unable to effectively manage our expected growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy, including the successful commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Risks Related to Data Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 Cyberattacks or other failures in our telecommunications or information technology systems, or those of our collaborators, contract research organizations, third-party logistics providers, distributors or other contractors or consultants, could result in information theft, data corruption and significant disruption of our business operations. 
 We, our collaborators, our CROs, third-party logistics providers, distributors and other contractors and consultants utilize information technology, or IT, systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information in connection with our business activities. As use of digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including third parties gaining access to employee accounts using stolen or inferred credentials, computer malware, viruses, spamming, phishing attacks or other means, and deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, have increased in frequency and sophistication. Attacks upon information technology systems are also increasing in their levels of persistence and intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. As a 
 75 

Table of Contents 

result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. 
 While we do not believe that we have experienced any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. These threats pose a risk to the security of our, our collaborators , our CROs , third-party logistics providers , distributors and other contractors and consultants systems and networks, and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing cyberattacks or successfully mitigating their effects. Similarly, there can be no assurance that our collaborators, CROs, third-party logistics providers, distributors and other contractors and consultants will be successful in protecting our clinical and other data that is stored on their systems. Any cyberattack, data breach or destruction or loss of data could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, data protection and other laws, and subject us to litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings by federal, state and local regulatory entities in the United States and by international regulatory entities, resulting in exposure to material civil and/or criminal liability. Further, our general liability insurance and corporate risk program may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed; and could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or planned clinical trials for any of our product candidates could result in delays in our development and regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. In addition, we may suffer reputational harm or face litigation or adverse regulatory action as a result of cyberattacks or other data security breaches and may incur significant additional expense to implement further data protection measures. 
 We rely on a set of cloud-based software services and access these services via the Internet for the vast majority of our computing, storage, bandwidth and other services. Any disruption of or interference with our use of our cloud-based services would negatively affect our operations and could seriously harm our business. 
 We use several distributed computing infrastructure platforms for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as cloud computing services and we access these services via the Internet. Any transition of the cloud services currently provided by an existing vendor to another cloud provider would be difficult to implement and will cause us to incur significant time and expense. Given this, any significant disruption of or interference with our use of these cloud computing services would negatively impact our operations and our business would be seriously harmed. If our employees or partners are not able to access our cloud computing services or encounter difficulties in doing so, we may experience business disruption. The level of service provided by our cloud computing vendors, including the ability to secure our confidential information and the confidential information of third parties that is shared with us, may also impact the perception of our company and could seriously harm our business and reputation and create liability for us. If a cloud computing service that we use experiences interruptions in service regularly or for a prolonged basis, or other similar issues, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 In addition, a cloud computing service may take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including: 
 discontinuing or limiting our access to its platform; 
 increasing pricing terms; 
 terminating or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship altogether; or 
 modifying or interpreting its terms of service or other policies in a manner that impacts our ability to run our business and operations. 
 Our cloud computing services have broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us, and those actions may be unfavorable to us. Our cloud computing services may also alter how we are able to process data on the platform. If a cloud computing services makes changes or interpretations that are unfavorable to us, our business could be seriously harmed. 
 Our efforts to protect the information shared with us may be unsuccessful due to the actions of third parties, software bugs or other technical malfunctions, employee error or malfeasance or other factors. In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose information to gain access to our data or 
 76 

Table of Contents 

third-party data entrusted to us. If any of these events occur, our or third-party information could be accessed or disclosed improperly. Some partners or collaborators may store information that we share with them on their own computing system. If these third parties fail to implement adequate data-security practices or fail to comply with our policies, our data may be improperly accessed or disclosed. And even if these third parties take all of these steps, their networks may still suffer a breach, which could compromise our data. 
 Any incidents where our information is accessed without authorization, or is improperly used, or incidents that violate our policies, could damage our reputation and our brand and diminish our competitive position. In addition, affected parties or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory action against us over those incidents, which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Concerns over our privacy practices, whether actual or unfounded, could damage our reputation and brand and deter users, advertisers and partners from using our products and services. Any of these occurrences could seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Tax Laws 
 Legislation or other changes in U.S. tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 The legislation, regulations and rules regarding U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department and by state and local tax agencies. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. In recent years, many changes have been made to applicable tax laws and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. In particular, the U.S. federal government may enact significant changes to the taxation of business entities including, among others, an increase in the corporate income tax rate and the imposition of minimum taxes or surtaxes on certain types of income. 
 It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what form or with what effective dates any changes in tax laws, regulations or rules, promulgated or issued under existing or new tax laws, which could result in an increase in our or our shareholders tax liability or require changes in the manner in which we operate in order to minimize or mitigate any adverse effects of changes in tax law or in the interpretation thereof. If any such changes are enacted or implemented, we care currently unable to predict the ultimate impact on our business or holders of our common stock. 
 Our ability to use our U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Our ability to use our U.S. federal and state net operating losses and tax credits is dependent upon our generation of future taxable income and income tax liabilities, and we cannot predict with certainty when, or whether, we will generate sufficient taxable income or income tax liabilities to use any or all of our net operating losses or tax credits. 
 Our unused U.S. federal net operating losses generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018, and unused state net operating losses subject to expiration, will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused net operating losses expire. Our unused U.S. federal net operating losses generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 will not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely, although, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the deductibility of such U.S. federal net operating losses is limited to 80 of our taxable income in such taxable year. 
 In addition, both our current and future net operating losses and tax credits may be subject to limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, if we undergo an ownership change, generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders or groups of stockholders over a rolling three-year period. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Risks Related to Investment in Securities 
 The price of our stock has been and may in the future be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and has been subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. For example, the trading price of our common stock experienced a significant decline after our June 
 77 

Table of Contents 

2022 announcement of the Phase 2/3 Aria Study results. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section, factors that may affect the trading price of our common stock include: 
 the commencement, enrollment, completion or results of our current clinical trials of our product candidates; 
 any delay in identifying and advancing a clinical candidate for our other programs; 
 any delay in our regulatory filings for our product candidates and any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the applicable regulatory authority s review of such filings, including without limitation the FDA s issuance of a refusal to file letter or a request for additional information; 
 adverse results or delays, suspensions or terminations in future preclinical studies or clinical trials; 
 our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 
 adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval of any of our product candidates or the failure of a regulatory authority to accept data from preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted in other countries; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 
 adverse developments concerning our manufacturers; 
 our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any approved product or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
 our inability to establish collaborations, if needed; 
 our failure to commercialize our product candidates, if approved; 
 additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 
 unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 
 introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 
 our cash position; 
 our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry, or product candidates in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 changes in the structure of the healthcare payment systems; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future; 
 trading volume of our common stock; 
 changes in accounting practices; 
 ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 
 disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 
 general political and economic conditions; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and general economic conditions. Broad market and industry factors have negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We may never obtain research coverage by industry or financial analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock would likely be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, future debt or other financing arrangements may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our stock incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors and consultants under our stock incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline . 
 Our executive officers, directors and their affiliates and our principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 Based on shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, our executive officers, directors and their affiliates and our principal stockholders beneficially hold, in the aggregate, approximately 49.2 of our outstanding voting stock. These stockholders, acting together, would be able to exert significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval. The concentration of voting power among these stockholders may have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This concentration of ownership control may adversely affect the market price of our common stock by: 
 delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control; 
 entrenching our management and the board of directors; 
 impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders may desire; and/or 
 discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 Risks Related to Our Controls and Reporting Requirements 
 We will continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which require, among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial reporting controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd- Frank Act, was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas such as say on pay and proxy access. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 The rules and regulations applicable to public companies substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have an adverse effect on our business. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 We are a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined under SEC rules. As a smaller reporting company, we are able to take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and providing only two years of audited financial statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could lead to restatements of our financial statements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives 
 80 

Table of Contents 

of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We have broad discretion over the use of our cash and cash equivalents and may not use them effectively. 
 Our management has broad discretion to use our cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations and could spend these funds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending our use to fund operations, we may invest our cash and cash equivalents in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. 
 Risks Related to Charter and Bylaws 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
 a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office; 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 
 a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 
 a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 
 the authority of the board of directors to issue convertible preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which convertible preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 
 In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate certain courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any 
 81 

Table of Contents 

derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers and employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws (in each case, as they may be amended from time to time) or (iv) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to the Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein; provided, however, that this exclusive forum provision will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction; and provided further that, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternate forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. We recognize that the forum selection clause in our bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims. Additionally, the forum selection clause in our bylaws may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies governing documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Facilities 
 We sublease a facility containing 25,445 square feet of office space, which is located at 99 High Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02110. Our sublease expires on January 31, 2026. We believe that our current facility is sufficient to meet our current and near-term needs and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal matters or claims. We may become party to legal matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We cannot predict the outcome of any such legal matters or claims, and despite the potential outcomes, the existence thereof may have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Certain Information Regarding the Trading of Our Common Stock 
 Our common stock trades under the symbol PRAX on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Holders of Our Common Stock 
 As of February 3, 2023, there were approximately three holders of record of shares of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business, and therefore we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not make any sales of unregistered securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 
 In October 2020, we completed the initial public offering of our common stock, or IPO, pursuant to which we issued and sold 11,500,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 19.00 per share. All of the shares issued and sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249074), which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, we had used all of the net proceeds from the IPO. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 There were no repurchases of shares of common stock made during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Reserved. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and financing needs, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 As noted in our Company Overview in Part I of this report, we are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company translating insights from genetic epilepsies into the development of therapies for central nervous system, or CNS, disorders characterized by neuronal excitation-inhibition imbalance. Normal brain function requires a delicate balance of excitation and inhibition in neuronal circuits, which, when dysregulated, can lead to abnormal function and both rare and more prevalent neurological disorders. We are applying genetic insights to the discovery and development of therapies for neurological disorders through two proprietary platforms, using our understanding of shared biological targets and circuits in the brain. Each platform currently has multiple programs, with significant potential for additional program and indication expansion: 
 Cerebrum , our small molecule platform, utilizes deep understanding of neuronal excitability and neuronal networks and applies a series of computational and experimental tools to develop orally available precision therapies 
 Solidus , our antisense oligonucleotide, or ASO, platform, is an efficient, targeted precision medicine discovery and development engine anchored on a proprietary, computational methodology 
 Our platforms utilize a deliberate, pragmatic and patient-guided approach, leveraging a suite of translational tools, including novel transgenic and predictive translational animal models and electrophysiology markers, to enable an efficient path to proof-of-concept in patients. Through this approach, we have established a diversified, multimodal CNS portfolio with four clinical-stage product candidates across movement disorders and epilepsy. For our most advanced product candidate under the Cerebrum platform, ulixacaltamide (formerly known as PRAX-944), we expect to announce topline results from the Phase 2b Essential1 clinical trial in essential tremor, or ET, in the first quarter of 2023. We also plan to initiate an ulixacaltamide Phase 2 clinical trial in Parkinson's disease, or PD, in the first quarter of 2023 and expect topline results in the fourth quarter of 2023. We plan to initiate our PRAX-562 Phase 2 EMBOLD study in the first quarter of 2023, with initial cohorts in SCN2A-DEE and SCN8A-DEE, and expect to announce topline results for both cohorts in the second half of 2023. We also initiated a Phase 1 healthy volunteer study of PRAX-628 in the fourth quarter of 2022 and expect to report topline results in mid-2023. For our most advanced product candidate under the Solidus platform, PRAX-222, we expect to announce topline results from the first dose cohort of our EMBRAVE study in mid-2023. For further details on our business, refer to the Business section of Part I of this report. 
 We were incorporated in 2015 and commenced operations in 2016. Since inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to developing our preclinical and clinical product candidates, building our intellectual property, or IP, portfolio, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We employ a virtual research and development model, relying heavily upon external consultants, collaborators, contract development and manufacturing organizations and contract research organizations, or CROs, to conduct our preclinical and clinical activities. Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the sale and issuance of equity securities. 
 We are a development stage company and we have not generated any revenue from product sales, and do not expect to do so for several years, if at all. All of our product candidates are still in preclinical and clinical development. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, if approved. We have incurred recurring operating losses since inception, including net losses of 214.0 million and 167.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated 
 84 

Table of Contents 

deficit of 530.6 million. We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we expand our research and development activities. In addition, our losses from operations may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 advance our lead product candidate, ulixacaltamide, to a late stage clinical trial for the treatment of ET; 
 advance ulixacaltamide in our Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of PD; 
 advance our PRAX-562 product candidate in the EMBOLD clinical trial; 
 advance our PRAX-222 product candidate in the EMBRAVE clinical trial; 
 advance our PRAX-628 product candidate in the Phase 1 clinical trial; 
 advance our preclinical candidates to clinical trials; 
 further invest in our pipeline; 
 further invest in our manufacturing capabilities; 
 seek regulatory approval for our product candidates; 
 maintain, expand, protect and defend our IP portfolio; 
 acquire or in-license technology; 
 establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; and 
 when needed, increase our headcount to support our development efforts and any future commercialization efforts. 
 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 100.5 million, which will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditures into the first quarter of 2024. Since our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our future viability is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital to finance our operations. We expect to finance our operations through potential public or private equity financings, debt financings, collaboration agreements or other capital sources. Our inability to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and ability to pursue our business strategies. There can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved or that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We have based our assessment on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Restructuring 
 In June 2022, we began a strategic realignment to focus resources on our ulixacaltamide, PRAX-562, PRAX-222 and PRAX-628 product candidates, as well as our preclinical programs across our Cerebrum and Solidus platforms, which resulted in a reduction of our workforce. 
 We incurred 1.0 million of costs related to the realignment, of which 0.6 million has been recognized in research and development expenses and 0.4 million has been recognized in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs relate to employee severance, benefits and related costs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, all costs related to the strategic realignment were paid. 
 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Revenue 
 We have not generated any revenue since inception and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products for several years, if at all. If our development efforts for our current or future product candidates are successful and result in marketing approval or collaboration or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from a combination of product sales or payments from such collaboration or license agreements. 
 As discussed in Note 9 to our audited consolidated financial statements, we have entered into a collaboration agreement that will result in the recognition of 5.0 million of revenue upon the satisfaction of the performance obligation identified within the agreement. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The nature of our business and primary focus of our activities generate a significant amount of research and development costs. Research and development expenses represent costs incurred by us for the following: 
 costs to develop our portfolio; 
 discovery efforts leading to development candidates; 
 clinical development costs for our product candidates; and 
 costs to develop our manufacturing technology and infrastructure. 
 The costs above comprise the following categories: 
 personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with third parties, such as consultants, investigative sites and CROs, that conduct our preclinical and clinical studies and in-licensing arrangements; 
 costs incurred to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements; 
 costs incurred with third-party contract development and manufacturing organizations to acquire, develop and manufacture materials for preclinical and clinical studies; and 
 depreciation, amortization and other direct and allocated expenses, including rent and other operating costs, such as information technology, incurred as a result of our research and development activities. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. We recognize external development costs based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information provided to us by our vendors and our clinical investigative sites. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual agreements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as prepaid expenses or accrued expenses. Non-refundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are deferred and capitalized, even when there is no alternative 
 86 

Table of Contents 

future use for the research and development. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 As a company operating in a virtual environment, a significant portion of our research and development costs have been external costs. We track direct external research and development expenses to specific platforms and product candidates upon commencement. Due to the number of ongoing studies and our ability to use resources across platforms, indirect or shared operating costs incurred for our research and development platforms, such as personnel, facility costs and certain consulting costs, are not recorded or maintained on a platform-specific basis. 
 The following table reflects our research and development expenses, including direct expenses summarized by platform and indirect or shared operating costs recognized as research and development expenses during each period presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cerebrum 
 92,708 72,663 Solidus 
 17,500 7,646 Personnel-related (including stock-based compensation) 37,392 31,090 Other indirect research and development expenses 7,440 8,858 Total research and development expenses 155,040 120,257 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect that our research and development expenses will be maintained or increase in the foreseeable future as we advance our product candidates through the development phase, and as we continue to discover and develop additional product candidates, build manufacturing capabilities and expand into additional therapeutic areas. 
 At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, any of our product candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales or licensing of our product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, including the uncertainty of: 
 our ability to add and retain key research and development personnel; 
 the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; 
 the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 
 our ability to successfully complete clinical trials with safety, tolerability and efficacy profiles that are satisfactory to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, or any comparable foreign regulatory authority; 
 our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize, our product candidates; 
 our successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 
 the costs associated with the development of any additional product candidates we identify in-house or acquire through collaborations; 
 our ability to discover, develop and utilize biomarkers to demonstrate target engagement, pathway engagement and the impact on disease progression of our product candidates; 
 our ability to establish and maintain agreements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing, if our product candidates are approved; 
 the terms and timing of any collaboration, license or other arrangement, including the terms and timing of any milestone payments thereunder; 
 87 

Table of Contents 

our ability to obtain and maintain patent, trade secret and other IP protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates, if approved; 
 our receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 our ability to commercialize products, if approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 
 the continued acceptable safety profiles of our product candidates. 
 A change in any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the development of that product candidate. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to delay our planned start of clinical trials or require us to conduct clinical trials or other testing beyond those that we currently expect, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our planned clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time to complete our clinical development activities. We may never obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Drug commercialization will take several years and require significant development costs. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for personnel in our executive, finance, legal, commercial and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to corporate matters; professional fees for accounting, auditing, tax and administrative consulting services; commercial-related costs to support market assessments and scenario planning; insurance costs; administrative travel expenses; and facility-related expenses, which include direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for office rent and other operating costs, such as information technology. Costs to secure and defend our IP are expensed as incurred and are classified as general and administrative expenses. These costs relate to the operation of the business and are unrelated to the research and development function or any individual platform or product candidate. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses may increase in the future as we increase our headcount, when needed, to support the expected growth in our research and development activities and the potential commercialization of our product candidates. We also expect to incur additional IP-related expenses as we file patent applications to protect innovations arising from our research and development activities. 
 Other Income 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists of interest income from our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and amortization of investment premiums and discounts. 
 Income Taxes 
 Since our inception, we have not recorded any U.S. federal or state income tax benefits for the net losses we have incurred in each year or for our earned research and development tax credits due to our uncertainty of realizing a benefit from those items. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards which may be available to offset future taxable income and which begin to expire in 2035. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we also had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and which begin to expire in 2031. 
 Income taxes are determined at the applicable tax rates adjusted for non-deductible expenses, research and development tax credits and other permanent differences. Our income tax provision may be significantly affected by changes to our estimates. There was no income tax provision recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of operations for each period presented (in thousands): 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development 155,040 120,257 34,783 General and administrative 59,946 47,075 12,871 Total operating expenses 214,986 167,332 47,654 Loss from operations (214,986) (167,332) (47,654) Other income: Other income, net 957 271 686 Total other income 957 271 686 Net loss (214,029) (167,061) (46,968) 
 Research and Development Expense 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for each period presented, along with the changes in those items (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Cerebrum 
 92,708 72,663 20,045 Solidus 
 17,500 7,646 9,854 Personnel-related (including stock-based compensation) 37,392 31,090 6,302 Other indirect research and development expenses 7,440 8,858 (1,418) Total research and development expenses 155,040 120,257 34,783 
 The 34.8 million increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to the following: 
 20.0 million increase in expense related to our Cerebrum platform, driven primarily by: 
 an increase in clinical, manufacturing and toxicology-related spend for our ulixacaltamide program, including our Phase 2b Essential1 clinical trial; 
 an increase in clinical-related spend for our PRAX-114 Phase 2 clinical trials, all of which were wound down during the second and third quarters of 2022 due to our strategic realignment; 
 an increase in clinical-related spend for our PRAX-628 Phase 1 clinical trial; and 
 an increase in costs associated with our Phase 1 PRAX-562 clinical trial in healthy volunteers and startup costs related to the EMBOLD Phase 2 clinical trial, partially offset by a decrease related to prior year toxicology-related spend for PRAX-562. 
 9.9 million increase in expense related to our Solidus platform, driven primarily by an increase in clinical-related spend to support the initiation of the PRAX-222 EMBRAVE clinical trial, an increase in preclinical activities for our earlier stage assets and the payment of a 2.0 million license fee to Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in January of 2022 upon exercise of our exclusive option to obtain the rights and license to further develop and commercialize PRAX-222; and 
 6.3 million increase in personnel-related costs due to changes in headcount. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 The 12.9 million increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to an 11.8 million increase in personnel-related costs due to changes in headcount, including an increase of 5.3 million in stock-based compensation expense. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

Other Income 
 Other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was comprised of interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and investment premium and discount amortization. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant losses in each period. We have not yet commercialized any of our product candidates, which are in various phases of preclinical and clinical development, and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any products for several years, if at all. 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and from the sale of common stock through an initial public offering, a follow-on public offering and at-the-market offerings under our shelf registration statement. From inception through December 31, 2022, we have raised 526.0 million in aggregate cash proceeds from such transactions, net of issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 100.5 million. 
 On November 3, 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of 125.0 million of common stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings for which Jefferies acts as sales agent. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold 3,595,273 shares under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 9.6 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by us. As of December 31, 2022, we have issued and sold a total of 3,987,270 shares under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 16.6 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by us. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued and sold a total of 2,942,083 shares under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 11.2 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by us. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for each period presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (185,043) (124,554) Investing activities 96,889 (140,520) Financing activities 10,465 107,586 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (77,689) (157,488) 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are greatly influenced by our use of cash for operating expenses and working capital requirements to support the business. We have historically experienced negative cash flows from operating activities as we have invested in developing our portfolio, drug discovery efforts and related infrastructure. The cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from our net losses adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which are primarily the result of increased expenses and timing of vendor payments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities of 185.0 million was primarily due to our 214.0 million net loss and 1.8 million in changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily related to a decrease in accrued expenses, partially offset by 30.8 million of non-cash charges primarily related to stock-based compensation. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities of 124.6 million was primarily due to our 167.1 million net loss, partially offset by 26.4 million of non-cash charges primarily related to stock-based compensation and 16.1 million in changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily related to increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities of 96.9 million primarily related to the maturities of marketable securities, partially offset by purchases of marketable securities. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities of 140.5 million primarily related to the purchase of marketable securities, partially offset by the maturities of marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 10.5 million consisted of net proceeds from at-the-market offerings of 9.6 million and proceeds from purchases of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan and from the exercise of stock options of 1.4 million, partially offset by the payment of issuance costs for our at-the-market offerings and the payment of taxes related to the vesting of restricted stock units. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities of 107.6 million consisted of net proceeds from our follow-on public offering of 98.4 million and at-the-market offerings of 7.3 million and net proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 2.4 million, partially offset by the payment of issuance costs for our initial public offering. 
 Plan of Operation and Future Funding Requirements 
 We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing research and development activities, particularly as we advance the preclinical activities and clinical trials of our product candidates. As a result, we expect to incur substantial operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 advance the clinical development of our clinical-stage product candidates within our Cerebrum and Solidus platforms; 
 advance the development of any additional product candidates; 
 conduct research and continue preclinical development of potential product candidates; 
 make strategic investments in manufacturing capabilities; 
 maintain our IP portfolio and opportunistically acquire complementary IP; 
 seek to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 
 potentially establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and scale-up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 
 when needed, add clinical, scientific, operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and potential future commercialization efforts and to support our operations as a public company; and 
 experience any delays or encounter any issues with any of the above, including but not limited to failed studies, complex results, safety issues or other regulatory challenges. 
 As of December 31, 2022 we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 100.5 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued and sold a total of 2,942,083 shares under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 11.2 million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by us. We are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital requirements, but based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, together with net proceeds raised under the Sales Agreement subsequent to December 31, 2022, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditures into the first quarter of 2024. We have incurred recurring losses since our inception, including a net loss of 214.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 530.6 million. We expect to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. We have evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the issuance of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Since we 
 91 

Table of Contents 

expect that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our future viability is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital to finance our operations. We expect to finance our operations through potential public or private equity financings, debt financings, collaboration agreements or other capital sources. Our inability to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and ability to pursue our business strategies. There can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved or that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We have based our assessment on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and potential collaborations with third parties for the development of our product candidates, we may incorrectly estimate the timing and amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the research and development of our product candidates. Our funding requirements and timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our platforms and product candidates; 
 the number and characteristics of product candidates and technologies that we develop or may in-license; 
 the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, if any, for products in the United States and other jurisdictions, and the costs of post-marketing studies that could be required by regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where approval is obtained; 
 the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our IP rights and defending any IP-related claims; 
 the continuation of our existing licensing arrangements and entry into new collaborations and licensing arrangements; 
 the costs we incur in maintaining business operations; 
 the costs associated with being a public company; 
 the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of any product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies, including entering into licensing or collaboration arrangements for product candidates, although we currently have no commitments or agreements to complete any such acquisitions or investments in businesses. 
 Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if ever. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funds to achieve our business objectives. 
 Adequate additional funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We do not currently have any committed external source of funds. Market volatility could also adversely impact our ability to access capital as and when needed. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Additional debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and may require the issuance of warrants, which could potentially result in dilution to the holders of our common stock. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit or terminate our product development programs or any future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates to third parties that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We have entered into certain agreements under which we have incurred or may in the future incur obligations and commitments that could have a material impact on our capital resources. 
 We sublease building space in Boston, Massachusetts. Our sublease will expire on January 31, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, our operating lease commitments for the remainder of the lease term were 4.0 million. 
 In addition, we have entered into collaboration and license agreements with RogCon Inc., or RogCon, and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Ionis, under which we could be obligated to pay certain fees, milestone payments and cost reimbursements. 
 Under our license agreement with RogCon, Inc., or RogCon, we are obligated to reimburse RogCon for its out-of-pocket costs incurred for activities performed under the license agreement. Additionally, we may be obligated to pay RogCon a milestone payment of 3.0 million and profit share payments. The 3.0 million milestone payment is due when the first profit share payment has become due and payable and certain contingent payments have become due and payable to Ionis under our collaboration agreement with Ionis. The profit share payments are based on a low-double-digit percentage of net profits, depending on sales volume. Either party may terminate the license agreement for material breach or insolvency of the other party. Additionally, we may terminate for convenience with prior notice to RogCon. See Business License Agreements License Agreement with RogCon. 
 Under our collaboration agreement with Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Ionis,, we reimbursed Ionis for identifying a development candidate and conducting an investigational new drug application, or IND, enabling toxicology study, as well as out of pocket costs incurred by Ionis related to research activities. Ionis granted us an exclusive option to obtain the rights and license to further develop and commercialize the development candidate in the field of epilepsy and neurodevelopmental disorders, other than Dravet Syndrome, following the results of the IND-enabling toxicology study. We exercised this exclusive option in January 2022 and paid a 2.0 million license fee. We may be required to make additional payments to Ionis including development milestone payments, additional milestone payments and sales royalties or sublicense fees. Either party may terminate the collaboration agreement upon material breach or insolvency of the other party. Ionis may terminate if we fail to achieve a performance milestone. See Business License Agreements Ionis Collaboration Agreement. 
 We have also entered into multiple agreements with third parties under which we may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified product candidates. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of such milestones and sales. When the achievement of these milestones or sales have not occurred, such contingencies are not recorded in our financial statements. 
 We have agreements with certain vendors for various services, including services related to clinical operations and support, for which we are not contractually able to terminate for convenience and avoid any and all future obligations to the vendors. Under such agreements, we are contractually obligated to make certain payments to vendors to reimburse them for their unrecoverable outlays incurred prior to cancellation. The exact amounts of such obligations are dependent on the timing of termination and the exact terms of the relevant agreement and cannot be reasonably estimated. 
 In addition, we enter into indemnification agreements and agreements containing indemnification provisions in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these agreements, we agree to indemnify, hold harmless and reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally our business collaborators, in connection with any U.S. patent or any copyright or other IP infringement claim by any third party with respect to our product candidates. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual upon execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under these indemnification agreements cannot be reasonably estimated. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements require the most significant judgments and estimates. 
 Research and Development Expenses and Related Accruals and Prepaids 
 Research and development expenses include costs directly attributable to the conduct of research and development activities, including personnel-related expenses such as salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense; materials; supplies; manufacturing and external costs related to outside vendors engaged to conduct both preclinical studies and clinical trials; and the allocable portions of facility costs, such as rent, utilities, depreciation and general support services. All costs associated with research and development activities are expensed as incurred. 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued and prepaid research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advance payments. We make estimates in determining our accrued and prepaid research and development expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. When evaluating the adequacy of the accrued liabilities and prepaid expenses, we analyze progress of the studies or trials related to these services, including the phase or completion of events, invoices received and contracted costs. Examples of estimated accrued and prepaid research and development expenses include fees paid to: 
 CROs in connection with performing research services and preclinical and clinical studies; 
 investigative sites or other providers in connection with preclinical and clinical studies; 
 vendors in connection with preclinical and clinical development activities; and 
 vendors related to product manufacturing, development and distribution of preclinical and clinical supplies. 
 The financial terms of our agreements with CROs are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract, and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the clinical expense. Payments under some of these contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of milestones. In expensing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed, enrollment of patients, number of sites activated and the level of effort expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the expense accordingly. Significant judgments and estimates are made in determining the accrued and prepaid research and development expenses at the end of any reporting period. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 We have reviewed all recently issued standards and have determined that, other than as disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such standards will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or do not otherwise apply to our current operations. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are or may be in the form of money market funds or marketable debt securities and are or may be invested in U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency obligations. However, because of the short-term nature and low risk profile of the instruments in our portfolio, an immediate change in market interest rates of 100 basis points would not have a material impact on the fair market value of our investment portfolio or on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Foreign Currency Fluctuation Risk 
 We are not currently exposed to significant market risk related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates; however, we have contracted with and may continue to contract with foreign vendors. Our operations may be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the future. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 97 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 99 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 104 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has limited financial resources, and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Ulixacaltamide Essential1 Accrued and Prepaid Research and Development Costs 
 Description of the Matter 
 The Company s accrued costs for research and development expenses totaled 10.7 million at December 31, 2022, including accruals related to the Company s ulixacaltamide Essential1 clinical trial. In addition, the Company s prepaid expenses and other current assets were 10.4 million, which included amounts that were paid in advance of services incurred pursuant to the ulixacaltamide Essential1 clinical trial. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company analyzes the progress of the clinical trials, including the phase or completion of events, invoices received and contracted costs. Significant judgments and estimates are made in determining the accrued and prepaid balances at the end of any reporting period for the Company s ulixacaltamide Essential1 clinical trial. The Company is required to estimate such accruals and prepaids using judgment based on certain information, including actual costs incurred or level of effort expended, as provided by its vendors. Payments for such activities are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet within accrued or prepaid expenses and other current assets. 
 Auditing the Company s accrued and prepaid research and development costs for the ulixacaltamide Essential1 clinical trial was complex, as accounting for the costs associated with this clinical trial required subjective estimates of the level of services performed and the associated costs incurred by service providers. Furthermore, due to the duration of the Company s ulixacaltamide Essential1 clinical trial, and the timing of information received from third parties, the actual amounts incurred are not typically known at the time the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 To evaluate the accrued and prepaid research and development costs for the ulixacaltamide Essential1 clinical trial, our audit procedures included, among others, testing the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in the estimates and evaluating the significant judgments and estimates made by management to determine the recorded accruals and prepayments. To test the significant judgments and estimates, we corroborated the progress of research and development activities through discussion with the Company s research and development personnel that oversee the research and development projects and inspected the Company s contracts with third parties and any pending change orders to assess the impact on amounts recorded. In addition, we reviewed estimates of costs incurred to date provided to the Company from third parties. We also analyzed fluctuations in accruals by vendor and by trial throughout the period subject to audit, evaluated the costs incurred per trial, site and/or patient for reasonableness and tested subsequent invoices received from third parties. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 February 7, 2023 
 98 

Table of Contents 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Current portion of deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities Non-current portion of deferred revenue Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 99 

Table of Contents 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Other income, net Total other income Net loss ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Change in unrealized losses on marketable securities, net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings, net of issuance costs of 
 Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from follow-on public offering, net of offering costs of 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings, net of offering costs of 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash operating lease expense Amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Other ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Maturities of marketable securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from at-the-market offerings, net of issuance costs Proceeds from follow-on public offering, net of issuance costs Payment of issuance costs for at-the-market offerings and initial public offering ) ) Payments of tax withholdings related to vesting of restricted stock units ) Proceeds from exercise of options and employee stock purchase plan contributions Net cash provided by financing activities Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Offering costs included in accrued expenses Purchases of property and equipment included in accrued expenses 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 million in aggregate cash proceeds from these transactions, net of issuance costs. 
 The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry, including but not limited to, risks associated with completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, receiving regulatory approvals for product candidates, development by competitors of new biopharmaceutical products, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with government regulations and the ability to secure additional capital to fund operations. Programs currently under development will require significant additional research and development efforts, including preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval, prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel and infrastructure and extensive compliance-reporting capabilities. Even if the Company s product development efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if ever, the Company will realize revenue from product sales. 
 Liquidity 
 In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) , 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. 
 The Company expects that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, together with net proceeds raised under the Open Market Sale Agreement ("the Sales Agreement") subsequent to December 31, 2022, may not be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements which raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, and the Company will need to obtain additional funding. The Company expects to finance its operations through potential public or private equity financings, debt financings, collaboration agreements or other capital sources. The future viability of the Company is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital to finance its operations. The Company s inability to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on its financial condition and ability to pursue its business strategies. There can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved or that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 2. 

106 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

operating segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker, its Chief Executive Officer, manages the Company s operations on a consolidated basis for the purposes of assessing performance and allocating resources. The majority of the Company s long-lived assets are held in the United States. 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

108 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

years Laboratory equipment years Computer equipment years 
 Upon disposal, retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are charged to expense as incurred. 
 
 The Company did t record any impairment losses on long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

109 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

110 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

111 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

as the Company has never paid dividends, and does not have current plans to pay any dividends on its common stock. Subsequent to the IPO, the fair value of the common stock underlying the Company's stock-based awards is the closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. 
 The grant date fair value of restricted stock units is estimated based on the fair value of the Company's underlying common stock on the date of grant. 
 
 There were material foreign currency gains or losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

one. 
 
 3. 
 million and million, respectively, held as letters of credit for the benefit of its current and former landlords. The Company's Boston, Massachusetts sublease expires on January 31, 2026, and the related letter of credit of million was classified within other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company's Cambridge, Massachusetts sublease expired on December 31, 2021, and the related letter of credit of million was classified within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 4. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

) Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies ) Total securities with a maturity of one year or less ) Total available-for-sale securities ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Gross Unrealized Estimated Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Available-for-sale securities: Corporate debt securities ) Commercial paper Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies ) Other debt securities Total securities with a maturity of one year or less ) Corporate debt securities ) Total securities with a maturity of one to two years ) Total available-for-sale securities ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had securities with a total fair market value of million in an unrealized loss position. The Company believes that any unrealized losses associated with the decline in value of its securities is temporary and is primarily related to the change in market interest rates since purchase, and believes that it is more likely than not that it will be able to hold its debt securities to maturity. Therefore, the Company anticipates a full recovery of the amortized cost basis of its debt securities at maturity and an allowance for credit losses was not recognized. 
 Securities are evaluated for impairment at the end of each reporting period. The Company did not record any impairment related to its available-for-sale securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 5. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Marketable securities: Corporate debt securities Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash equivalents: Money market funds Marketable securities: Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies Other debt securities 
 The Company estimates the fair value of its marketable securities classified as Level 2 by taking into consideration valuations obtained from third-party pricing sources. These pricing sources utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, to estimate fair value. These inputs include market pricing based on real-time trade data for the same or similar securities, issuer credit spreads, benchmark yields, and other observable inputs. The Company validates the prices provided by its third-party pricing sources by understanding the models used, obtaining market values from other pricing sources and analyzing pricing data in certain instances. 
 
 6. 
 Office furniture and equipment Laboratory equipment Total property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

7. 
 Accrued personnel-related expenses Accrued other expenses Total accrued expenses 
 
 8. 
 annually. The Company issued a letter of credit to the landlord related to the security deposit, secured by restricted cash (Note 3). This lease qualifies as an operating lease. At inception, the Company recorded an operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability of million. 
 In October 2018, the Company entered into a sublease agreement for office space located in Cambridge, Massachusetts which expired on December 31, 2021. The base rent increased by approximately annually. The Company issued a letter of credit to the landlord related to the security deposit, secured by restricted cash (Note 3). This lease qualified as an operating lease. 
 Liabilities: Current operating lease liabilities Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Variable lease costs Total lease costs 
 Variable lease costs were primarily related to operating expenses, taxes and insurance associated with the operating leases, which were assessed based on the Company s proportionate share of such costs for the leased premises. As these costs are generally variable in nature, they were not included in the measurement of the operating lease right-of-use asset and related lease liability. Total lease costs are included as operating expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 Total future lease payments Less: interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted average incremental borrowing rate 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company, from time to time, may be party to litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company was not subject to any material legal proceedings during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and no material legal proceedings are currently pending or threatened. 
 Purchase Orders 
 The Company has agreements with third parties for various services, including services related to research, preclinical and clinical operations and support, for which the Company is not contractually able to terminate for convenience to avoid future obligations to the vendors. Certain agreements provide for termination rights subject to termination fees or wind down costs. Under such agreements, the Company is contractually obligated to make certain payments to vendors, primarily to reimburse them for their unrecoverable outlays incurred prior to cancellation. The actual amounts the Company could pay in the future to the vendors under such agreements may differ from the purchase order amounts due to cancellation provisions. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 The Company enters into indemnification agreements and agreements containing indemnification provisions in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally the Company s business partners, in connection with any U.S. patent or any copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to the Company s products. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual upon execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. The Company has never incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. 
 Agreements 
 The Company has entered into multiple agreements with third parties under which it may be obligated to make future development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments on future sales of specified product candidates. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable upon achievement of such milestones and sales. When the achievement of these milestones or sales have not occurred, such contingencies are not recorded in the Company's financial statements. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

9. 
 million upfront payment. In addition, the Company provided UCB an exclusive option to in-license global development and commercialization rights to any resulting KCNT1 small molecule development candidate identified as part of the research plan. If UCB exercises its option to in-license global development and commercialization rights, the Collaboration Agreement stipulates that UCB will assume research, development, manufacturing and commercialization responsibilities and costs. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company will be eligible to receive an option fee and future success-based development and commercialization milestone payments, totaling up to million, in addition to tiered royalties on net sales of any resulting products from the Collaboration Agreement. 
 At the commencement of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company identified one performance obligation, which was to perform the research services for UCB. The Company determined the transaction price to be million, comprised of the upfront payment it received. The option provided to UCB was determined not to be a material right. 
 million upfront payment is included in deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 10. 
 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including shares of common stock issued and sold pursuant to the underwriters' exercise, in full, of their option to purchase additional shares of common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The Company received approximately million in net proceeds after deducting discounts, commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 On November 3, 2021, the Company filed an automatic shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which was automatically declared effective on November 3, 2021 in relation to the registration of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and units or any combination thereof. The Company also simultaneously entered into the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC ("Jefferies"), to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of million of common stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings under the shelf registration and subject to the limitations thereof. Jefferies is entitled to compensation at a commission rate of of the gross sales price of common stock sold under the Sales Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold shares under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company issued and sold a total of shares under the Sales Agreement for net proceeds of million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the authorized capital stock of the Company included shares of common stock, par value, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective upon the completion of the IPO. Holders of such shares of common stock have the exclusive right to vote for the election of the Company's directors and are entitled to one vote per share. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to a pro 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

t hold any treasury shares. 
 Shares Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Shares reserved for future awards under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Shares reserved for future awards under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares reserved for vesting of restricted stock units Total shares of authorized common stock reserved for future issuance 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was authorized to issue shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value, in one or more series, and is authorized to fix the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating option or other rights thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series, without any further vote or action by the Company's shareholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of undesignated preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 
 11. 
 shares and shares, respectively. The total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2017 Stock Inventive Plan (the "2017 Plan") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was shares. Any authorization to issue new options under the 2017 Plan was cancelled upon the effectiveness of the 2020 Plan and no further awards will be granted under the 2017 Plan. 
 Stock options issued under the 2020 Plan and 2017 Plan expire from the date of grant. Shares that expire, are terminated, surrendered or canceled under the 2020 Plan and 2017 Plan without having been fully exercised will be available for future awards. In addition, shares of common stock that are tendered to the Company by a participant to exercise an award are added to the number of shares of common stock available for future awards. Upon stock option exercise, the Company issues new shares and delivers them to the participant. 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Th e total shares authorized for issuance under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2020 ESPP") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was shares and shares, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares under the 2020 ESPP. The Company did t issue any shares under the 2020 ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Issued Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled or Forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding, exercisable, and vested and expected to vest is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock at December 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock options and the estimated fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock on the exercise date. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Weighted average grant-date fair value per share 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 12. 
 million. 
 Subsequent to September 11, 2019, the Company will reimburse RogCon for its out-of-pocket costs incurred for activities performed under the License Agreement. The Company expenses these costs as incurred as research and development. Expenses incurred for all periods presented were t material. 
 Additionally, the Company may pay RogCon a milestone payment of million and profit share payments. The million milestone payment will become due when the first profit share payment has become due and certain contingent payments have become payable to Ionis under the Ionis Collaboration Agreement, which are subject to the Company exercising its option to obtain license rights to a development candidate, as well as other contingent events. The profit share payments will be based on a low-double-digit percentage of net profits, depending on sales volume. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

million and million, as research and development expense under the Ionis Collaboration Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Ionis granted the Company an exclusive option to obtain the rights and license to further develop and commercialize a development candidate in the field of epilepsy and neurodevelopmental disorders, other than Dravet Syndrome, following the results of the investigational new drug application-enabling toxicology study. The Company exercised this exclusive option in January 2022, paid a million license fee and recognized the license fee in research and development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. After option exercise, the Company is responsible for clinical development and commercialization of the development candidate. 
 Ionis may be entitled to additional development milestone payments, additional milestone payments, and sales royalties or sublicense fees. 
 The Ionis Collaboration Agreement will continue until the expiration of all payment obligations to Ionis, unless earlier terminated. Either party may terminate the Ionis Collaboration Agreement upon material breach or insolvency of the other party. Ionis may terminate if the Company fails to achieve a performance milestone. The Company may terminate for convenience with prior written notice to Ionis. Upon termination by the Company for convenience, the Company will stop selling all products, subject to certain wind-down provisions, and all products will revert back to Ionis. 
 
 13. 
 Unvested restricted stock units Potential shares issuable under the ESPP 
 
 14. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Federal and state research and development credits State taxes, net of federal benefit Non-deductible items ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 Capitalized research expenditures Amortization Research and development credits Stock-based compensation Leases Accrued expenses Total gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use asset ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards which may be able to offset future income tax liabilities of approximately million and million, respectively. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of million will expire at various dates from 2035 through 2037 and approximately million may be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and expire at various dates from 2036 through 2042. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, available to reduce future tax liabilities which expire at various dates from 2039 through 2042. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, available to reduce future tax liabilities which expire at various dates from 2031 through 2037. The Company has 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

million and million has been established at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management reevaluates the positive and negative evidence at each reporting period. The valuation allowance increased by approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, due primarily to the generation of net operating losses. 

15. 

16. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 
 17. 
 million of costs related to the realignment, of which million has been recognized in research and development expenses and million has been recognized in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs relate to employee severance, benefits and related costs. The Company does not expect to incur any additional significant costs related to the strategic realignment. 

18. 
 shares under the Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of million after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f), to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management based its assessment on criteria established in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable. 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The following table sets forth the name, age, and position of each of our current executive officers and directors as of February 3, 2023: 
 Name Age Position Executive Officers: Marcio Souza 43 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Timothy Kelly 50 Chief Financial Officer Alex Nemiroff, J.D. 44 General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Nicole Sweeny 48 Chief Commercial Officer Non-Employee Directors: Dean Mitchell(2)(4) 66 Chairman, Director Jeffrey Chodakewitz, M.D.(3)(4) 67 Director Merit Cudkowicz, M.D.(2)(4) 59 Director Jill DeSimone(1)(2)(3) 67 Director Gregory Norden(1)(2) 65 Director William Young(1)(2)(3) 78 Director 
 _______________________________ 
 (1) Member of the Audit Committee. 
 (2) Member of the Compensation Committee. 
 (3) Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 (4) Member of the Science and Technology Committee 
 Executive Officers 
 Marcio Souza has served as a member of our Board of Directors and our President and Chief Executive Officer since April 2020. Prior to joining us, Mr. Souza was at PTC Therapeutics, Inc., or PTC, where he served as its Chief Operating Officer from May 2017 to April 2020 and its Senior Vice President and Head of Product Strategy from July 2016 to May 2017. Prior to joining PTC, Mr. Souza served in positions of increasing responsibility at NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Shire Human Genetic Therapies Inc. and Sanofi Genzyme Corporation. Mr. Souza has served on the board of directors of Aeglea BioTherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: AGLE) since June 2021. From May 2019 to May 2020, Mr. Souza also served on the board of directors of Clearpoint Neuro, Inc. (NASDAQ: CLPT) (previously MRI Interventions, Inc.). Mr. Souza received a degree in pharmacy and biochemistry with a specialization in toxicology and clinical analysis from the University of S o Paulo and an M.B.A. from Funda o Dom Cabral. We believe Mr. Souza is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his business and leadership experience in the life sciences industry and his scientific background. 
 Timothy Kelly has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 2021. Prior to his role as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Kelly served as Chief Financial Officer of Foundation Medicine, Inc. from 2019 to April 2021. In this position, he led the finance and corporate management teams, providing strategic leadership and oversight for the corporate functions, which included accounting and tax, billing and reimbursement, procurement, corporate development, project management and financial planning and analysis. Prior to his time at Foundation Medicine, Mr. Kelly served in several finance roles of increasing responsibility at the F. Hoffman-La Roche AG, or Roche, and Genentech (before being acquired by Roche in 2009) from 2003 to 2019, including finance and corporate services director for Roche Pharma in the United Kingdom from 2017 to 2019 and head of group strategic planning for the Roche Group in Switzerland from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Kelly holds a B.A. in economics from the College of William and Mary and an M.B.A. from the Columbia Business School. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Alex Nemiroff, J.D., has served as our General Counsel since June 2020. Prior to his role as General Counsel, Mr. Nemiroff served as our Vice President of Legal from January 2020 to June 2020. Mr. Nemiroff was also a co-founder of RogCon, Inc. and RogCon U.R., Inc., and he has served as both entities Chief Executive Officer since inception in November 2015. Mr. Nemiroff has experience working in commercial and securities litigation while at Greenberg Traurig LLP, and served as law clerk to the Honorable Paul C. Huck of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Mr. Nemiroff received a B.B.A from the University of Michigan s Ross School of Business, and a J.D. from Northwestern University School of Law. 
 Nicole Sweeny has served as our Chief Commercial Officer since August 2020. Prior to joining us, Ms. Sweeny was at Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., or Takeda, where she served as Vice President, Franchise Head, Rare Diseases from February 2019 to July 2020. Prior to Takeda, Ms. Sweeny served in several roles at Shire plc, a biopharmaceutical company acquired by Takeda, from August 2010 to January 2019, including Vice President, Head of US Marketing from September 2017 to January 2019 and Vice President, Global Product Strategy Lead from December 2016 to August 2017. Prior to joining Shire, Ms. Sweeny served in commercial positions of increasing responsibility at AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Sanofi Genzyme Corporation. Ms. Sweeny received her B.S. from Boston College. 
 Non-Employee Directors 
 Dean Mitchell has served as chairman of our Board of Directors since September 2020. He served as executive chairman of the board of directors of Covis Pharma Holdings S. .r.l., a specialty pharmaceutical company, from August 2013 until its sale in March 2020 and was chairman of PaxVax Corporation, a biotechnology company from January 2016 until its sale in October 2018. Mr. Mitchell served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Lux Biosciences, Inc., a biotechnology company focusing on the treatment of ophthalmic diseases, from July 2010 to August 2013. Prior to Lux Biosciences, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of both Alpharma, Inc., a publicly traded specialty pharmaceutical company, from 2006 until its acquisition by King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2008, and Guilford Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly traded pharmaceutical company focused in oncology and acute care, from 2004 until its acquisition by MGI Pharma Inc. in 2005. From 2001 to 2004, he served in various senior executive capacities in the worldwide medicines group of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. Prior to Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, he spent 14 years at GlaxoSmithKline plc, in assignments of increasing responsibility spanning sales, marketing, general management, commercial strategy and clinical development and product strategy. Mr. Mitchell currently serves on the boards of directors of Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: TBPH), ImmunoGen Inc. (NASDAQ: IMGN), Precigen Inc. (formerly Intrexon Inc.) (NASDAQ: PGEN) and Kinnate Biopharma Inc. (NASDAQ: KNTE). Mr. Mitchell holds an M.B.A. from City University London and a B.Sc. in Biology from Coventry University. We believe Mr. Mitchell is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his management experience in the pharmaceutical and biotherapeutics industries and his experience as a president, chief executive officer and board member of multiple biotechnology companies. 
 Jeffrey Chodakewitz, M.D., has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2021. Dr. Chodakewitz has served as an external senior advisor for Ascenta Capital, a life sciences investment firm, since December 2022. He previously served as a senior advisor to Blackstone Life Sciences, a life sciences private equity firm from March 2019 to January 2022. From April 2018 through March 2019, he served as Executive Vice President, Clinical Medicine and External Innovation, at Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Vertex. Prior to that role, Dr. Chodakewitz held the roles of Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Global Medicines Development and Medical Affairs at Vertex from January 2014 to April 2018 and was a member of the Vertex Executive Committee. Prior to Vertex, Dr. Chodakewitz spent over 20 years at Merck Co. serving in several positions, including leadership roles as Head of Infectious Diseases and Vaccines Global Development, Senior Vice President of Global Scientific Strategy (infectious disease, respiratory immunology), Vice President of Early-Stage Development and Senior Vice President of Late-Stage Development. Dr. Chodakewitz currently serves on the boards of directors of Adicet Bio, Inc. (NASDAQ: ACET), Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc (NASDAQ: FRLN) and Schr dinger, Inc. (NASDAQ:SDGR). Dr. Chodakewitz received a B.S. in Biochemistry cum laude from Yale University and an M.D. from the Yale University School of Medicine. We believe Dr. Chodakewitz is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive business and leadership experience working in the biotechnology industry. 
 Merit Cudkowicz, M.D., has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2021. Dr. Cudkowicz has served as the Chief of Neurology at Massachusetts General Hospital since 2012 and is the Director of the Sean M. Healey AMG Center for ALS and Director and the Julieanne Dorn Professor of Neurology at Harvard Medical School. A member of the National Academy of Medicine, she has led innovations to accelerate the development of treatments for people with neurological disorders such as ALS, including the first platform trial in ALS, and serving in a senior role in the research and development of the first antisense oligonucleotide treatment for a neurological 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 disorder. Dr. Cudkowicz is also the principal investigator of the Clinical Coordination Center for the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke s Neurology Network of Excellence in Clinical Trials, or NeuroNEX. Dr. Cudkowicz received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, an M.D. from Harvard Medical School and a MSc. in Clinical Epidemiology from Harvard School of Public Health. We believe Dr. Cudkowicz is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive medical background and experience. 
 Jill DeSimone has served as a member of our Board of Directors since May 2022. Ms. DeSimone served as President of U.S. Oncology at Merck Co., Inc., or Merck, from 2014 to May 2022. During her time at Merck, Ms. DeSimone also temporarily served as Interim President of U.S. Pharma to help navigate the business through the COVID-19 pandemic. Prior to joining Merck, she served as Senior Vice President of Global Women s Health at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, or Teva, from 2012 to 2014. Prior to her time at Teva, Ms. DeSimone served in several roles of increasing responsibility at Bristol Myers Squibb from 1980 to 2012, including Senior Vice President of Oncology and Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations. Ms. DeSimone serves on the board of directors of Oncternal Therapeutics (NASDAQ: ONCT), Kinnate Biopharma Inc. (NASDAQ: KNTE), effective March 1, 2023, and Affini-T Therapeutics, Inc., a private company. She also serves as a board member for the Florida Cancer Specialists Foundation, a nonprofit organization that helps individuals with their essential living expenses while they undergo treatment for cancer. Ms. DeSimone received a B.S. in pharmacy from Northeastern University and completed a fellowship with the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Ms. DeSimone is qualified to serve on the Board because of her leadership and extensive business experience in the pharmaceutical industry. 
 Gregory Norden has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2019. Mr. Norden is the former Chief Financial Officer of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals Inc. and has served as the Managing Director of G9 Capital Group LLC, which invests in early stage ventures and provides corporate advisory services, since 2010. Mr. Norden currently serves on the boards of directors of Zoetis Inc. (NYSE: ZTS), NanoString Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: NSTG) and Royalty Pharma plc (NASDAQ: RPRX). Mr. Norden is a former director of Human Genome Sciences, Univision and Welch Allyn. Mr. Norden received a B.S. in Management and Economics from the State University of New York at Plattsburgh and an M.S. in Accounting from LIU Post. We believe Mr. Norden is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his background in finance and experience as a senior executive in the global healthcare and pharmaceutical industries, as well as his public company board experience. 
 William Young has served as a member of our Board of Directors since December 2016. Mr. Young is a Senior Advisor with Blackstone Life Sciences, which he joined in November 2018. Prior to its acquisition by Blackstone, Mr. Young joined Clarus Ventures LLC in March 2010 and held various roles, including Venture Partner, Senior Advisor and portfolio company board member. Prior to joining Clarus, Mr. Young was chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Monogram Biosciences Inc. from 2000 until its acquisition by Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings in 2009. Previously, Mr. Young spent 20 years at Genentech, Inc. in roles of increasing responsibility, culminating as Chief Operating Officer from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Young currently serves as the chairman of the board of directors of NanoString Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: NSTG), and as a member of the board of directors of Theravance BioPharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: TBPH) and Autolus Therapeutics plc (NASDAQ: AUTL). Mr. Young also served as the chairman of the board of directors of Annexon, Inc. (NASDAQ: ANNX) from March 2017 to February 2021, and as a member of the boards of directors of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: VRTX) from May 2015 to June 2020 and BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: BMRN) from September 2010 to November 2015. Mr. Young was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1993 for his contributions to biotechnology. Mr. Young received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Purdue University and an M.B.A. from Indiana University in Marketing and Finance and holds an honorary doctorate in Engineering from Purdue University. We believe Mr. Young is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his scientific background, business experience and his service on the board of directors of other life sciences companies. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of the code is posted on the corporate governance section of our website, which is located at https://investors.praxismedicines.com/corporate-governance/governance-overview. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 If we make any substantive amendments to, or grant any waivers from, the code of business conduct and ethics for any officer or director, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a Form 8-K. 
 Recommendation of Director Nominees by Stockholders 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. 
 Audit Committee 
 Gregory Norden, Jill DeSimone and William Young serve on the Audit Committee, which is chaired by Gregory Norden. Our Board of Directors has determined that Gregory Norden, Jill DeSimone and William Young are independent for audit committee purposes as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC and the applicable Nasdaq rules, and each has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing matters to serve on the audit committee. Our Board of Directors has designated Gregory Norden as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC. 

130 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Overview 
 Our compensation programs are designed to: 
 provide a fair, flexible and market-based total compensation package; 
 attract, motivate, incentivize and retain key management personnel who contribute to our short and long-term success; 
 emphasize performance-based total compensation that is aligned with the external market and rewards the achievement of our business objectives and key results; and 
 effectively align the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders by focusing on long-term equity incentives that correlate to the growth of sustainable long-term value for our stockholders. 
 The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, is responsible for discharging our Board of Directors responsibilities relating to compensation of our executive officers, overall compensation structure, policies and programs, and our processes and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive compensation. The Chief People Officer and Chief Executive Officer develop preliminary recommendations regarding compensation matters with respect to all executive officers, other than the Chief Executive Officer, and provide these recommendations to the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee reviews management s preliminary recommendations and makes final compensation decisions. 
 Our Compensation Committee is authorized to retain the services of one or more executive compensation advisors, as it sees fit, in connection with the establishment of our executive compensation programs and related policies. The Compensation Committee engaged Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc., or FW Cook, as its independent compensation consultant to provide objective analysis, advice and recommendations on executive officer pay in connection with the Compensation Committee s decision-making process for 2022. During 2022, FW Cook did not provide services to us other than the services to our Compensation Committee described herein. Our Compensation Committee performs an annual assessment of its compensation consultants independence to determine whether the consultants are independent. Based on its evaluation, the Compensation Committee has determined that FW Cook is independent and that its work has not raised any conflicts of interest. 
 The compensation provided to our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is detailed in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table and accompanying footnotes and narrative that follow. Our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were: 
 Marcio Souza, our President and Chief Executive Officer; 
 Timothy Kelly, our Chief Financial Officer; 
 Nicole Sweeny, our Chief Commercial Officer; and 
 Bernard Ravina, M.D., our former Chief Medical Officer 
 We are a smaller reporting company as that term is used under the rules promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as such have used the reduced compensation disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies consistent with SEC rules. 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information regarding compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our named executive officers for services rendered to us in all capacities during the fiscal years indicated. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards )(1) Option Awards )(1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation )(2) All Other Compensation )(3) Total ) Marcio Souza 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 625,000 1,340,140 3,649,420 375,000 38,518 6,028,078 2021 570,834 2,773,584 6,883,800 646,875 30,727 10,905,820 Timothy Kelly 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 465,000 434,640 1,235,085 148,800 19,688 2,303,213 Nicole Sweeny 
 Chief Commercial Officer 
 2022 450,000 434,640 1,235,085 144,000 20,031 2,283,756 2021 393,334 882,504 2,193,280 240,000 18,738 3,727,856 Bernard Ravina, M.D. 
 Former Chief Medical Officer(4) 
 2022 287,249 416,667(5) 431,366 1,226,158 402,314 2,763,754 2021 466,667 1,287,616 2,451,050 285,000 18,838 4,509,171 
 _________________________ 
 (1) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options and restricted stock units awarded to the named executive officers during the year indicated, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, ASC, Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the stock options reported in this column are set forth in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by the named executive officers upon the exercise of the stock options, vesting or settlement of restricted stock units or any sale of the underlying shares of common stock. For Dr. Ravina, the 2022 amount reported also includes 32,946 in the Stock Awards column and 85,433 in the Option Awards column, representing the incremental fair value attributable to modifications made to his equity awards in 2022. 
 (2) The amounts reported represent actual bonuses earned for performance during the applicable year by our named executive officers based upon the achievement of our corporate objectives for such year, as described under Narrative to Summary Compensation Table Annual Bonus. For 2022, the Board of Directors elected to offer the named executive officers the ability to receive up to 100 of their 2022 annual bonuses in the form of fully vested options to purchase shares of our common stock issued under our 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. Mr. Souza elected to receive 100 of his 2022 annual bonus in the form of options and was issued an option to purchase 213,975 shares on January 12, 2023. Mr. Kelly elected to receive 50 of his 2022 annual bonus in the form of options and was issued an option to purchase 42,455 shares on January 12, 2023. Ms. Sweeny elected to receive 50 of her 2022 annual bonus in the form of options and was issued an option to purchase 41,085 shares on January 12, 2023. 
 (3) Amounts reported for 2022 include cell phone reimbursement, tax gross ups on taxable long-term disability and tax gross up for wellness benefit, as well as discretionary matching company contributions under our 401(k) plan. For Mr. Souza, the amounts reported also include reimbursement for premiums and a tax gross up on a supplemental long-term disability and life insurance policy owned by him. For Dr. Ravina, the 2022 amount reported also includes the Company paid portion of his premiums for continued participation in the Company's group health plans following his resignation and a cash payment equal to nine months of base salary in accordance with his transition agreement with the Company, as described under "Narrative to Summary Compensation Table - Employment Arrangements with our Named Executive Officers." 
 (4) Dr. Ravina resigned as our Chief Medical Officer effective August 1, 2022. The amount reported in the salary column for 2022 is comprised of 287,249 in base salary earned by Dr. Ravina prior to his resignation. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 (5) Dr. Ravina received a retention bonus pursuant to a retention incentive award letter agreement, as described under "Narrative to the 2022 Summary Compensation Table." 
 Narrative to the 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 Base Salaries 
 Each named executive officer s base salary is a fixed component of annual compensation for performing specific duties and functions, and has been established by our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee taking into account each individual s role, responsibilities, skills and expertise. Base salaries are reviewed annually, typically in connection with our annual performance review process, approved by our Compensation Committee or our Board of Directors and adjusted from time to time to realign salaries with market levels after taking into account individual responsibilities, performance and experience. Effective January 1, 2022, the annual base salaries for Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly, Ms. Sweeny and Dr. Ravina were 625,000 (increased from 575,000), 465,000 (increased from 425,000), 450,000 (increased from 400,000), and 489,250 (increased from 475,000), respectively. 
 Annual Bonus 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, each of our named executive officers was eligible to earn an annual bonus based on the achievement of certain pre-determined corporate performance objectives and individual performance. For the 2022 annual bonus program, corporate performance objectives generally related to delivering on financial and compliance performance milestones, establishing a leading central nervous system portfolio, generating a neurology pipeline anchored on human genetics and continuing our transformation as a best-in-class biotechnology company, as well as incorporating individual objectives associated with an executive s area of primary responsibility within our organization. 
 During 2022, the target annual bonuses for Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly, Ms. Sweeny and Dr. Ravina were 75 , 40 , 40 and 40 of their base salary, respectively. The annual bonus earned by each named executive officer with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 is reported under the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table above and was determined based upon achievement of the corporate performance objectives at 80 of target and achievement of individual performance objectives. 
 Equity Compensation 
 We believe that equity grants provide our executives with a strong link to our long-term performance, bolster an ownership culture and help to align the interests of our executives and our stockholders. In addition, we believe that equity grants promote executive retention because they incentivize our executive officers to remain in our employment during the vesting period. Accordingly, our Compensation Committee or Board of Directors periodically reviews the equity incentive compensation of our named executive officers and considers equity awards to be a key component of the annual compensation program, representing long-term alignment with stockholders. Our named executive officers have been granted certain options to purchase shares of our common stock and restricted stock units relating to our common stock, as described in more detail in the Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End table below. 
 Employment Arrangements with our Named Executive Officers 
 We have employment agreements with Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly and Ms. Sweeny, which we refer to as the Employment Agreements. The Employment Agreements provide for specified payments and benefits in connection with a termination of employment in certain circumstances. The material terms of the Employment Agreements with Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly and Ms. Sweeny are summarized below. 
 Marcio Souza. Under the Employment Agreement with Mr. Souza, Mr. Souza has continued to serve as our President and Chief Executive Officer on an at-will basis. Mr. Souza s current annual base salary is 625,000, which is subject to annual review, and he is eligible to earn an annual bonus with a target amount equal to 75 of his base salary. Mr. Souza is also eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans available to our employees, subject to the terms of those plans. 
 Tim Kelly . Under the Employment Agreement with Mr. Kelly, Mr. Kelly has continued to serve as our Chief Financial Officer on an at-will basis. Mr. Kelly s current annual base salary is 465,000, which is subject to annual review, and he is eligible to earn an annual bonus with a target amount equal to 40 of his base salary. Mr. Kelly is also eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans available to our employees, subject to the terms of those plans. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Nicole Sweeny. Under the Employment Agreement with Ms. Sweeny, Ms. Sweeny has continued to serve as our Chief Commercial Officer on an at-will basis. Ms. Sweeny s current annual base salary is 450,000, which is subject to annual review, and she is eligible to earn an annual bonus with a target amount equal to 40 of her base salary. Ms. Sweeny is also eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans available to our employees, subject to the terms of those plans. 
 Pursuant to the Employment Agreements, in the event that Mr. Souza s, Mr. Kelly's or Ms. Sweeny s employment is terminated by us without cause or Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly or Ms. Sweeny resigns for good reason (as defined in the Employment Agreements), subject to the execution and effectiveness of a separation agreement, including a general release of claims in our favor, Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly or Ms. Sweeny, as applicable, (i) will be entitled to receive base salary continuation for nine months (12 months for Mr. Souza) following termination, and (ii) subject to the executive s co-payment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and proper election to continue COBRA health coverage, we will cover the portion of the premium amount equal to the amount that we would have paid to provide health insurance to the executive had such executive remained employed with us until the earliest of (A) nine months (12 months for Mr. Souza) following termination, (B) the executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the end of the executive s COBRA health continuation period. 
 In lieu of the payments and benefits described in the preceding sentence, in the event Mr. Souza s, Mr. Kelly's or Ms. Sweeny s employment is terminated by us without cause or Mr. Souza, Mr. Kelly or Ms. Sweeny resigns for good reason, in either case on or within 12 months following a change of control (as defined in the Employment Agreements), subject to the execution and effectiveness of a separation agreement, including a general release of claims in our favor, (i) the executive will be entitled to receive a lump sum in cash equal to one times (1.5 times for Mr. Souza) the sum of (A) the executive s then-current annual base salary (or the executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the change of control, if higher) plus (B) the executive s target annual cash incentive compensation for the year of termination (or the executive s target annual cash incentive compensation in effect immediately prior to the change of control, if higher), (ii) subject to the executive s co-payment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and proper election to continue COBRA health coverage, we will cover the portion of the premium amount equal to the amount that we would have paid to provide health insurance to the executive had such executive remained employed with us until the earliest of (A) 12 months (18 months for Mr. Souza) following termination, (B) the executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan or (C) the end of the executive s COBRA health continuation period, and (iii) the vesting of 100 of all stock options and other stock-based awards subject solely to time-based vesting held by the executive shall be accelerated. 
 The payments and benefits provided to each of the executives in connection with a change of control may not be eligible for a federal income tax deduction for the company pursuant to Section 280G of the Code and may subject the executive to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. If the payments or benefits payable to the executive in connection with a change of control would be subject to the excise tax on golden parachutes imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then those payments or benefits will be reduced if such reduction would result in a higher net after-tax benefit to the executive. 
 Bernard Ravina, M.D. Under the Employment Agreement with Dr. Ravina, Dr. Ravina was entitled to the same severance and change of control benefits as Mr. Kelly and Ms. Sweeny described above. Dr. Ravina resigned as our Chief Medical Officer effective August 1, 2022 and transitioned to a role as strategic advisor to the Company. In connection with his resignation, and subject to the Company s receipt of a general release of claims and pursuant to the terms of a transition agreement, Dr. Ravina is entitled to receive (i) a cash payment equal to nine months of his base salary, to be paid in equal installments over the nine-month period ending May 1, 2023; (ii) continued time-based vesting of the unvested portions of Dr. Ravina s outstanding equity awards during the period in which Dr. Ravina provides advisory services to the Company; and (iii) continued health insurance coverage (to the extent permitted under applicable law and the terms of the Company s health insurance plan) during the period in which Dr. Ravina provides advisory services to the Company at the same cost as immediately before his resignation. 
 On August 30, 2021, we entered into a retention incentive award letter agreement with Dr. Ravina pursuant to which Dr. Ravina was entitled to receive a retention bonus, subject to Dr. Ravina s continued employment with the Company, among other specified conditions. Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Ravina received a lump sum payment of 333,333 in April 2022 and 27,778 per month for each of the three months thereafter that he was employed by us. Dr. Ravina forfeited his rights to any unearned portion of the retention bonus when he resigned in August 2022. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table sets forth information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. Each of the awards set forth in the table below was granted under our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan or our 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 
 Option Awards Stock Awards Name Vesting Commencement Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (1) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#)(2) Market Value of shares of units of stock that have not vested ) Marcio Souza 04/20/2020 636,897 318,452 5.59 06/04/2030 09/08/2020 578,264 449,773 8.91 09/13/2030 02/12/2021 84,700 100,100 52.53 02/12/2031 39,600 94,248 01/07/2022 259,000 18.11 01/07/2032 74,000 176,120 06/22/2022 100,000 2.12 06/22/2032 Tim Kelly 05/25/2021 79,166 120,834 19.46 05/25/2031 01/07/2022 84,000 18.11 01/07/2032 24,000 57,120 06/22/2022 65,000 2.12 06/22/2032 Nicole Sweeny 08/10/2020 133,618 95,447 8.27 08/18/2030 02/12/2021 26,986 31,894 52.53 02/12/2031 12,600 29,988 01/07/2022 84,000 18.11 01/07/2032 24,000 57,120 06/22/2022 65,000 2.12 06/22/2032 Bernard Ravina, M.D. 08/21/2018 44,644 2.27 10/16/2028 05/28/2020 51,990 28,517 5.59 06/03/2030 09/08/2020 52,569 40,888 8.91 09/12/2030 02/12/2021 30,158 35,642 52.53 02/12/2031 14,100 33,558 01/07/2022 77,000 18.11 01/07/2032 22,000 52,360 06/22/2022 65,000 2.12 06/22/2032 
 _________________________ 
 (1) The stock options vest over four years, with 25 of the total shares vesting on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remainder vesting in 36 approximately equal monthly installments. 
 (2) Represents restricted stock units that vest in equal annual installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the vesting commencement date. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Pay Versus Performance 
 In accordance with the SEC s disclosure requirements regarding pay versus performance, or PVP, this section presents the SEC-defined Compensation Actually Paid, or CAP. Also required by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at Praxis. 
 Compensation decisions at Praxis are made independently of disclosure requirements. CAP is a supplemental measure to be viewed alongside performance measures as an addition to the philosophy and strategy of compensation-setting discussed elsewhere in the overview of the executive compensation program, not in replacement. 
 Pay versus Performance Table - Compensation Definitions 
 Salary, Bonus, Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation, and All Other Compensation are each calculated in the same manner for purposes of both CAP and SCT, or Summary Compensation Table, values. The primary difference between the calculation of CAP and SCT total compensation is Stock Awards and Option Awards. 
 SCT Total CAP Stock and Option Awards Grant date fair value of stock and option awards granted during the year Year over year change in the fair value of stock and option awards that are unvested as of the end of the year, or vested or were forfeited during the year 
 Pay Versus Performance Table 
 In accordance with the SEC s new PVP rules, the following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, and our financial performance for each such fiscal year: 
 Year (1) Summary Compensation Table Total for PEO ) Compensation Actually Paid to PEO )(2)(3) Average Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO NEOs ) Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs )(2)(3) Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based on: Total Shareholder Return ) GAAP Net Income )(4) 2022 6,028,078 -17,643,206 2,450,241 -1,595,040 4.33 -214 2021 10,905,820 -62,152,872 4,118,514 -6,315,773 35.81 -167 
 _________________________ 
 (1) The PEO (CEO) in both reporting years is Marcio Souza. The non-PEO NEOs in the 2022 reporting year are Tim Kelly, Nicole Sweeny, and Bernard Ravina. The non-PEO NEOs in the 2021 reporting year are Nicole Sweeny and Bernard Ravina. 
 (2) The CAP was calculated beginning with the PEO s SCT total. Thee following amounts were deducted from and added to the applicable SCT total compensation: 
 SCT Total Stock Awards Deducted from SCT Stock Awards Added to CAP Stock Option Awards Deducted from SCT Stock Option Awards Added to CAP Total CAP A B C D E A - (B + D) + (C + E) PEO 2022 6,028,078 1,340,140 -600,172 3,649,420 -18,081,552 -17,643,206 2021 10,905,820 2,773,584 1,040,160 6,883,800 -64,441,468 -62,152,872 Average Non-PEO NEO 2022 2,450,241 433,549 -131,979 1,232,109 -2,247,645 -1,595,040 2021 4,118,514 1,085,060 406,923 2,322,165 -7,433,985 -6,315,773 
 (3) The fair value of stock options reported for CAP purposes in columns (C) and (E) is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model for the purposes of this PVP calculation in accordance with the SEC rules. This model uses both historical data and current market data to estimate the fair value of options and requires several assumptions. The assumptions used in estimating fair value for awards granted during 2021-2022 are as follows: 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 Grant Year 2022 2021 Volatility 86.34 90.35 86.71 92.49 Expected life (in years) 2.16 9.02 years 2.80 9.12 years Expected dividend yield 0.00 0.00 Risk-free rate 1.21 4.22 0.29 1.50 
 (4) Values shown are in millions. 
 Narrative Disclosure to Pay Versus Performance 
 Relationship between Pay and TSR 
 The graphs below reflect the relationship between the PEO and Average Non-PEO NEO CAP and the Company s cumulative indexed Total Shareholder Return, or TSR, (assuming an initial fixed investment of 100) for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 CEO Pay vs Performance: Total Shareholder Return (12/31/20 to 12/31/22) 
 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 Average Other NEO Pay vs Performance: Total Shareholder Return (12/31/20 to 12/31/22) 
 
 Relationship between Pay and Net Income (GAAP) 
 The graph below reflects the relationship between the PEO and Average Non-PEO NEO CAP and the Company s GAAP Net Income for the applicable reporting year. 
 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 Director Compensation 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 Our non-employee director compensation policy enables us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, highly qualified non-employee directors. Under the policy, each director who is not an employee is paid cash compensation as set forth below: 
 Annual Retainer Board of Directors: Members 40,000 Additional retainer for non-executive chair 30,000 Audit Committee: Members (other than chair) 8,000 Retainer for chair 16,000 Compensation Committee: Members (other than chair) 6,000 Retainer for chair 12,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: Members (other than chair) 4,000 Retainer for chair 8,000 Science Technology Committee: Members (other than chair) 4,000 Retainer for chair 8,000 
 In addition, the non-employee director compensation policy provides that, upon initial election to our Board of Directors, each non-employee director will be granted an option to purchase a number of shares equal to 0.1 of the total number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding on the grant date, or the Initial Grant. The Initial Grant vests in equal monthly installments over three years from the grant date, subject to continued service as a director through the applicable vesting date. Furthermore, each non-employee director who continues as a non-employee director following the Annual Meeting will be granted an annual option to purchase a number of shares equal to 0.05 of the total number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding on the grant date, or the Annual Grant. The Annual Grant vests in 12 equal monthly installments, subject to continued service as a director through the applicable vesting date. Such awards are subject to full accelerated vesting upon the sale of the company. 
 We reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by non-employee directors in attending meetings of the Board of Directors and committees. 
 
 139 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Director Compensation Table 
 The following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a non-employee member of our Board of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee members of our Board of Directors in 2022 for their services as members of the Board of Directors. 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Option Awards )(1)(2) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Jeffrey Chodakewitz, M.D. 49,543 142,821 192,364 Merit Cudkowicz, M.D. 54,000 142,821 196,821 Jill DeSimone(3) 31,991 335,325 367,316 Dean Mitchell 80,000 142,821 222,821 Stefan Vitorovic(4) 34,543 142,821 177,364 Gregory Norden 62,000 142,821 204,821 William Young 64,000 142,821 206,821 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The amount reported represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options awarded during fiscal year 2022, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the stock options reported in this column are set forth in Note 11 of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these stock options and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our directors upon the exercise of the stock options or any sale of the underlying shares of common stock. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, Dr. Chodakewitz held options to purchase 61,332 shares of our common stock, Dr. Cudkowicz held options to purchase 61,332 shares of our common stock, Ms. DeSimone held options to purchase 45,511 shares of our common stock, Mr. Mitchell held options to purchase 110,516 shares of our common stock, Mr. Norden held options to purchase 144,620 shares of our common stock and Mr. Young held options to purchase 147,250 shares of our common stock. 
 (3) Ms. DeSimone was appointed as a member of our Board of Directors in May 2022. 
 (4) Mr. Vitorovic resigned as a director in August 2022. 

140 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation plans, consisting of our 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, our 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, restricted stock units and rights 
 (a) 
 Weighted Average exercise price of outstanding options 
 (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plan (excluding securities referenced in column (a)) 
 (c) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 
 9,581,978(1) 13.93(2) 2,490,877(3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 
 Total 9,581,978 13.93 2,490,877 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Includes 8,838,028 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and 743,950 shares subject to restricted stock units that will entitle the holder to one share of common stock for each unit that vests. 
 (2) The calculation does not take into account the 743,950 shares of common stock subject to outstanding restricted stock units. Such shares will be issued at the time the restricted stock unit vests, without any cash consideration payable for those shares. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares available for grant under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, 1,650,955 shares available for grants under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 839,922 shares available for grants under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (of which 283,861 shares were subject to outstanding purchase rights). 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 The following table sets forth certain information known to us regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock outstanding as of February 3, 2023 for: 
 each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of our outstanding common stock; 
 each of our directors; 
 each of our named executive officers; and 
 all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 
 We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities as well as any shares of common stock that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days of February 3, 2023 through the exercise of stock options or other rights. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. Each individual or entity shown on the table has furnished information with respect to beneficial ownership. Except as otherwise indicated below, the address of each officer, director and five percent stockholder listed below is c/o Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc., 99 High Street, 30th Floor, Boston, MA 02110. 
 The percentage of beneficial ownership in the table below is based on 52,393,118 shares of common stock deemed to be outstanding as of February 3, 2023. 
 141 

Table of Contents 

 COMMON STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED SHARES PERCENTAGE 5 or Greater Stockholders Clarus Lifesciences III, L.P. (1) 
 4,894,109 9.3 Entities affiliated with Avidity (2) 4,100,000 7.8 Entities affiliated with Eventide (3) 3,810,599 7.3 Janus Henderson Group plc (4) 3,342,569 6.4 The Vanguard Group (5) 3,292,443 6.3 Blackrock, Inc. (6) 2,971,762 5.7 Vida Ventures, LLC (7) 2,939,329 5.6 Entities affiliated with Kingdon (8) 2,855,989 5.5 Directors, Named Executive Officers and Other Executive Officers Dean Mitchell (9) 108,555 Jeffrey Chodakewitz (10) 43,616 Merit Cudkowicz (11) 43,616 Jill DeSimone (12) 12,641 Gregory Norden (13) 117,328 William Young (14) 144,838 Marcio Souza (15) 1,834,286 3.4 Timothy Kelly (16) 179,037 Nicole Sweeny (17) 257,860 Bernard Ravina (18) 243,829 All executive officers and directors as a group (10 persons) (19) 2,917,581 5.3 
 Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent. 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by Clarus Lifesciences III, L.P., or Clarus Lifesciences, BSOF Parallel Master Fund L.P., or BSOF, Clarus Ventures III GP, L.P., or Clarus Ventures, Blackstone Clarus III L.L.C., or Blackstone Clarus, Blackstone Strategic Opportunity Associates L.L.C., or Blackstone Strategic, Blackstone Alternative Solutions L.L.C., or Blackstone Alternative, Blackstone Holdings I L.P., or Holdings I, Blackstone Holdings II L.P., or Holdings II, Blackstone Holdings I/II GP L.L.C., or Holdings I/II, Blackstone Inc., or Blackstone, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., or Blackstone Group, and Stephen A. Schwarzman with the SEC on February 11, 2022. Clarus Lifesciences directly holds 4,894,109 shares of common stock and BSOF holds zero shares of common stock. Clarus Ventures is the general partner of Clarus Lifesciences. Blackstone Clarus is the general partner of Clarus. The sole member of Blackstone Clarus is Holdings. Blackstone Strategic is the general partner of BSOF. Holdings is the sole member of Blackstone Strategic. Blackstone Alternative is the investment manager of BSOF. Holdings I is the sole member of Blackstone Alternative. The general partner of Holdings I and Holdings II is Holdings I/II. The sole member of Holdings I/II is Blackstone. The sole holder of the Series II preferred stock of Blackstone is Blackstone Group. Blackstone Group is wholly-owned by its senior managing directors and controlled by its founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman. Each of such entities and Mr. Schwarzman may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Clarus Lifesciences directly or indirectly controlled by it or him, but each (other than Clarus to the extent of its direct ownership) disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares. The address for each of Clarus Lifesciences and Clarus Ventures is c/o Clarus Ventures LLC, 101 Main Street, Suite 1210, Cambridge, MA 02142. The address for each of the other entities and Mr. Schwarzman is c/o The Blackstone Group Inc., 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154. 
 (2) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by Avidity Partners Management LP, or APM LP, with the SEC on February 2, 2023. According to this Schedule 13G, APM LP, Avidity Partners Management (GP) LLC, or APM GP, Avidity Capital Partners Fund (GP) LP, or ACPF, Avidity Capital Partners (GP) LLC, or ACP, share voting and dispositive power with respect to 4,100,000 shares, of which 3,600,234 shares are further subject to shared voting and dispositive power with Avidity Master Fund LP, or AMF and together with 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 APM LP, APM GP, ACPF and ACP, the Avidity Funds. APM GP is the general partner of APM LP. ACP is the general partner of ACPF. ACPF is the general partner of AMF. David Witzke and Michael Gregory are Managing Members of APM GP and ACP and directly or indirectly control the Avidity Funds and as a result may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held directly by the Avidity Funds. The address for each of the Avidity Funds, Mr. Witzke and Mr. Gregory is 2828 North Harwood Street, Suite 1220, Dallas, Texas 75201. 
 (3) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by Eventide Asset Management, LLC with the SEC on February 14, 2022. Eventide Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, is the beneficial owner of 3,810,599 shares of common stock by virtue of being the investment adviser to the Eventide Gilead Fund and the Eventide Healthcare Life Sciences Fund which are registered investment companies (the Funds ). The Eventide Gilead Fund directly holds 1,574,013 shares of common stock and the Eventide Healthcare Life Sciences Fund directly holds 2,236,586 shares of common stock. The address for Eventide Asset Management, LLC is One International Place, Suite 4210, Boston, Massachusetts 02110. 
 (4) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by Janus Henderson Group plc with the SEC on February 11, 2022. Janus Henderson Group plc has an indirect 97 ownership stake in Intech Investment Management LLC, or Intech, and a 100 ownership stake in Janus Henderson Investors U.S. LLC, or JHIUS, Henderson Global Investors Limited, or HGIL, and Janus Henderson Investors Australia Institutional Funds Management Limited, or JHIAIFML (each an Asset Manager and collectively, the Asset Managers ). Due to the above ownership structure, holdings for the Asset Managers are aggregated. Each Asset Manager is an investment adviser registered or authorized in its relevant jurisdiction and each furnishing investment advice to various fund, individual and/or institutional clients (collectively referred to herein as Managed Portfolios ). As a result of its role as investment adviser or sub-adviser to the Managed Portfolios, JHIUS may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 3,338,282 shares or 7.4 of the shares of common stock held by such Managed Portfolios. However, JHIUS does not have the right to receive any dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, the securities held in the Managed Portfolios and disclaims any ownership associated with such rights. The address of Janus Henderson Group plc is 201 Bishopsgate, EC2M 3AE, United Kingdom. 
 (5) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by The Vanguard Group with the SEC on February 10, 2022. According to this Schedule 13G, The Vanguard Group has shared voting power over 29,376 shares of common stock, sole dispositive power over 3,241,881 shares of common stock, and shared dispositive power over 50,562 shares of common stock. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, PA 19355. 
 (6) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed by BlackRock, Inc. with the SEC on February 1, 2023. According to this Schedule 13G/A, BlackRock, Inc. has sole voting power over 2,895,474 shares of common stock and sole dispositive power over 2,971,762 shares of common stock. The address for BlackRock, Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10055. 
 (7) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by Vida Ventures, LLC, or Vida, with the SEC on February 16, 2021. Vida, a United States limited liability company, is the record owner of 2,939,329 shares of common stock. VV Manager, LLC, or VV Manager, is the managing member of Vida. Stefan Vitorovic, Arjun Goyal, Fred Cohen, Arie Belldegrun and Leonard Potter are managers of VV Manager, and may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power over the shares of common stock held by Vida. The address of Vida is 40 Broad Street, Suite 201, Boston, Massachusetts 02109. 
 (8) Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed by Kingdon Capital Management, L.L.C., or Kingdon with the SEC on January 25, 2023. According to this Schedule 13G, all shares are held directly by advisory clients of Kingdon and Kingdon shares voting and dispositive power with respect to all 2,855,989 shares, of which 2,427,591 shares are further subject to shared voting and dispositive power with M. Kingdon Offshore Master Fund L.P., or KOMF, and Kingdon GP, LLC, or K GP and, together with Kingdon and KOMF, the Kingdon Funds. KOMF and K GP are advisory clients of Kingdon. K GP is the general partner of KOMF. None of Kingdon s advisory clients, other than KOMF, may be deemed to beneficially own more than 5 of the common stock. Kingdon is controlled by Mark Kingdon. The address of each of the Kingdon Funds and Mr. Kingdon is 152 West 57th Street, 50th Floor, New York, New York 10019. 
 (9) Consists of (i) 25,000 shares of common stock and (ii) 83,555 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (10) Consists of 43,616 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (11) Consists of 43,616 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (12) Consists of 12,641 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (13) Consists of (i) 2,826 shares of common stock and (ii) 114,502 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (14) Consists of (i) 28,473 shares of common stock and (ii) 116,365 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 143 

Table of Contents 

 (15) Consists of (i) 96,199 shares of common stock, (ii) 1,724,887 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023 and (iii) 13,200 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units vesting within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (16) Consists of (i) 20,416 shares of common stock and (ii) 158,621 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (17) Consists of (i) 9,475 shares of common stock, (ii) 244,185 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023 and (iii) 4,200 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units vesting within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 
 (18) Consists of (i) 66,970 shares of common stock, (ii) 172,159 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023 and (iii) 4,700 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units vesting within 60 days of February 3, 2023. Dr. Ravina resigned as our Chief Medical Officer effective August 1, 2022 and transitioned to a role as strategic advisor to the Company. 
 (19) Consists of (i) 198,283 shares of common stock, (ii) 2,698,798 shares of common stock underlying options exercisable within 60 days of February 3, 2023 and (iii) 20,500 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units vesting within 60 days of February 3, 2023. 

144 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Other than the compensation agreements and other arrangements described under Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the transactions described below, since January 1, 2021, there has not been and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were, or will be, a party in which the amount involved exceeded, or will exceed, the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our average total assets at fiscal year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any director, executive officer, holder of five percent or more of any class of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of, or entities affiliated with, any of the foregoing persons, had, or will have, a direct or indirect material interest. 
 Registration Rights 
 Pursuant to the terms of our Fourth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2020, as amended, or the Investors Rights Agreement, certain of our stockholders are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares, which we refer to herein as registrable securities, under the Securities Act, including demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights. 
 Form S-1 Registration Rights 
 Under the terms of the Investors Rights Agreement, we are required, upon the request of holders holding at least a majority of the registrable securities then outstanding, to file a registration statement on Form S-1 registering the resale of such holders registrable securities and the registrable securities of such other holders who elect to have their shares registered; provided that the anticipated aggregate offering price, net of related fees and expenses, of the registrable securities registered on such registration statement would equal at least 10 million. We are required to effect only two registrations pursuant to this provision of the Investors Rights Agreement. If the holders requesting registration intend to distribute their shares by means of an underwriting, the managing underwriter of such offering will have the right to limit the numbers of shares to be underwritten for reasons related to the marketing of the shares. 
 Form S-3 Registration Rights 
 Pursuant to the Investors Rights Agreement, if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, we are required, upon the request of holders holding at least a majority of the registrable securities then outstanding, to file a registration restatement on Form S-3 registering the resale of such holders registrable securities and the registrable securities of such other holders who elect to have their shares registered; provided that the anticipated aggregate offering price, net of related fees and expenses, of the registrable securities registered on such registration statement would equal at least 3 million. We are required to effect only two registrations in any twelve-month period pursuant to this provision of the Investors Rights Agreement. If the holders requesting registration intend to distribute their shares by means of an underwriting, the managing underwriter of such offering will have the right to limit the numbers of shares to be underwritten for reasons related to the marketing of the shares. 
 Piggyback Registration Rights 
 Subject to certain exceptions, if we register any of our securities either for our own account or for the account of security holders other than the holders party to the Investors Rights Agreements, the holders of shares of registrable securities are entitled to include their shares in the registration. If our proposed registration involves an underwriting, the managing underwriter of such offering will have the right to limit the number of shares to be underwritten for reasons related to the marketing of the shares. 
 Indemnification 
 The Investors Rights Agreement contains customary cross-indemnification provisions, under which we are obligated to indemnify holders of registrable securities in the event of material misstatements or omissions in the registration statement attributable to us, and they are obligated to indemnify us for material misstatements or omissions attributable to them. 
 Expiration of Registration Rights 
 The demand registration rights and short-form registration rights granted under the Investors Rights Agreement will terminate on the earliest to occur of: (i) the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering and (ii) as to each holder of registrable securities, such time as either Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act or 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 another similar exemption under the Securities Act is available for the sale of all of such holder s shares without limitation during a three-month period without registration or such holder no longer holds any registrable securities. 
 Commercial Agreements with Related Parties 
 RogCon 
 In December 2018, we entered into an agreement with RogCon Inc., or RogCon, pursuant to which we agreed to advance RogCon a deposit of up to 1.0 million related to the cooperation and license agreement described below. The amounts funded to RogCon under this agreement were applied towards the purchase price of the license agreement with RogCon described below. 
 In September 2019, we entered into a cooperation and license agreement with RogCon, further described in this Annual Report under Business License Agreements. 
 Alex Nemiroff, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, is a co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of RogCon. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 We have entered into, and in the future plan to enter into, agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify these individuals for certain expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts reasonably incurred by such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in our right, on account of any services undertaken by such person on behalf of our company or that person s status as a member of our Board of Directors to the maximum extent allowed under Delaware law. 
 Policies for Approval of Related Party Transactions 
 Our Board of Directors reviews and approves transactions with directors, officers and holders of five percent or more of our voting securities and their affiliates, each a related party. We have a formal written policy that our executive officers, directors, holders of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities, and any member of the immediate family of and any entity affiliated with any of the foregoing persons, are not permitted to enter into a related party transaction with us without the prior consent of our Audit Committee, or other independent members of our Board of Directors in the event it is inappropriate for our Audit Committee to review such transaction due to a conflict of interest. Any request for us to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, holders of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or any of their immediate family members or affiliates, in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 must first be presented to our Audit Committee for review, consideration and approval. In approving or rejecting any such proposal, our Audit Committee considers the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to our Audit Committee, including, but not limited to, whether the transaction will be on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. 
 Director Independence 
 Applicable Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq rules require a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors. In addition, the Nasdaq rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent and that audit committee members also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and that compensation committee members satisfy additional independence criteria set forth in the Nasdaq rules. Under applicable Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of the listed company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Nasdaq independence definition also includes a series of objective tests, including that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. In addition, in affirmatively determining the independence of any director who will serve on a company s compensation committee, the Nasdaq rules require that a company s board of directors must consider all factors specifically relevant to determining whether a director has a relationship to such company which is material to that director s ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a compensation committee member, including: the source of compensation to the 
 146 

Table of Contents 

 director, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee paid by such company to the director, and whether the director is affiliated with the company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 Our Board of Directors has determined that all members of our Board of Directors, except Marcio Souza, are independent directors, including for purposes of the rules of Nasdaq and the SEC. In making such independence determination, our Board of Directors considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that our Board of Directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. In considering the independence of the directors listed above, our Board of Directors considered the association of our directors with the holders of more than 5 of our common stock. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. Mr. Souza is not an independent director under these rules because he is an executive officer of the Company. 
 147 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Ernst Young LLP has served as our independent auditor since 2019. Praxis incurred the following fees from Ernst Young LLP for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and for other services provided during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit fees(1) 796,500 1,143,241 Audit-related fees(2) Tax fees(3) 98,169 87,730 All other fees(4) 5,180 5,180 Total fees 899,849 1,236,151 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, the review of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, services rendered in connection with the secondary public offering, and services that are normally provided by Ernst Young LLP, such as comfort letters, in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 (2) There were no audit-related fees billed in 2022 or 2021. 
 (3) Tax fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for tax return preparation and tax advisory services. 
 (4) All other fees are related to licensing fees paid to Ernst Young LLP for access to its proprietary accounting research database. 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee has adopted a policy requiring pre-approval of all audit and non-audit related services to be performed by our independent auditor regardless of amount. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other related services. Ernst Young LLP and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by Ernst Young LLP in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 
 148 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 96 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated into this Item by reference. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) List of Exhibits 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on October 20, 2020) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on January 7, 2022) 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate Evidencing the Shares of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 4.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement among Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and certain of its stockholders, effective as of July 24, 2020, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-260726) filed on November 3, 2021) 
 4.3 Description of Securities of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on February 28, 2022) 
 10.1 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.2 Form of Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249074) filed on September 25, 2020) 
 10.3# Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and form of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on March 17, 2021) 
 10.4# Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.5# Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.6# Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Company Employees under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.7# Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.8# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.9# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Company Employees under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.10# Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 
 149 

Table of Contents 

 10.11# Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249074) filed on October 9, 2020) 
 10.12# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2020, by and between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and Marcio Souza (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 . 12 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on February 28, 2022) 
 10.13# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, by and between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and Timothy Kelly 
 10.14# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2020, by and between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and Nicole Sweeny (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 4 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on February 28, 2022) 
 10.15# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2020 , by and between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and Bernard Ravina incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on February 28, 2022) 
 10.16# Retention Incentive Award Letter Agreement, dated August 30, 2021, by and between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and Bernard Ravina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on August 30, 2021) 
 10.17# Transition Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, by and between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. and Bernard Ravina (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on July 26, 2022 
 10.18 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on February 28, 2022) 
 10.19 Cooperation and License Agreement, dated September 11, 2019, by and between RogCon Inc. and Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249074) filed on September 25, 2020) 
 10.20 Research Collaboration, Option and License Agreement, dated September 11, 2019, by and between Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249074) filed on September 25, 2020) 
 10.21 Sublease, dated May 27, 2021, by and between CBRE, Inc. and Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on June 2, 2021) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-249074) filed on September 25, 2020) 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 150 

Table of Contents 

 # Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 151 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 
 None. 

152 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. Date: February 7, 2023 
 By: /s/ Marcio Souza Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Marcio Souza and Alex Nemiroff, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 7, 2023 Marcio Souza /s/ Timothy Kelly Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 7, 2023 Timothy Kelly /s/ Lauren Mastrocola Principal Accounting Officer February 7, 2023 Lauren Mastrocola /s/ Dean Mitchell Chairman of the Board February 7, 2023 Dean Mitchell /s/ Jeffrey Chodakewitz, M.D. Director February 7, 2023 Jeffrey Chodakewitz, M.D. /s/ Merit Cudkowicz, M.D. Director February 7, 2023 Merit Cudkowicz, M.D. /s/ Jill DeSimone Director February 7, 2023 Jill DeSimone /s/ Gregory Norden Director February 7, 2023 Gregory Norden /s/ William Young Director February 7, 2023 William Young 
 
 153 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 exhibit1013-cfoemploymenta.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 for 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This Executive Employment Agreement (the Agreement is made between Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (the Company and Timothy E. Kelly Executive (collectively, the Parties and is effective upon the Executive s first date of employment with the Company, on May 25, 2021 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 Whereas , the Company desires Executive to provide services to the Company, and wishes to provide Executive with certain compensation and benefits in return for such employment services and 
 
 Whereas , Executive wishes to be employed by the Company and to provide personal services to the Company in return for certain compensation and benefits 
 
 Now, Therefore , in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Employment by the Company. 
 
 1.1 Position and Duties. Executive shall serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer (the Position ). During the term of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive shall devote one hundred percent of Executive s business time on behalf of the Company and, on a full-time basis, use Executive s skills and render services to the best of Executive s abilities on behalf of the Company, and shall comply fully with the policies and procedures of the Company. Executive shall report directly to the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ). Executive shall perform those duties typically associated with the Position and such other duties consistent with the Position as may be assigned by the CEO, including but not limited to executive responsibility for business operations, finance, corporate development, systems, and strategic planning and management. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall preclude Executive from 
 (i) serving, with the prior written consent of the CEO, as a member of the boards of directors or advisory boards of non-competitive businesses and charitable organizations, (ii) engaging in charitable activities and community affairs, and (iii) managing Executive s personal investments and affairs provided , however , that the activities set out in clauses (i), (ii), and 
 (iii) shall be limited by Executive so as not to materially interfere, individually or in the aggregate, with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder and shall not, in the judgment of the CEO pose a conflict of interest with Executive s duties to the Company or its affiliates. 
 1.2 Location of Work. Executive shall work remotely in the USA. The Company reserves the right to reasonably require Executive to perform Executive s duties 
 1. 

at places other than Executive s primary office location from time to time, and to require reasonable business travel. 
 
 1.3 Policies and Procedures. The employment relationship between the Parties shall be governed by the general employment policies and practices of the Company, except that when the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company s general employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control. 
 
 2. Compensation. 
 2.1 Salary. For services to be rendered hereunder, Executive shall receive an initial base salary at the rate of 425,000 per year, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings and payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll schedule (the Base Salary ). Executive s Base Salary will be reviewed annually by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ). 
 
 2.2 Annual Cash Bonus. Executive will be eligible for an annual cash bonus with a target amount of forty percent (40 of Executive s Base Salary (the Annual Bonus ). Whether Executive receives an Annual Bonus for any given year, and the amount of any such Annual Bonus, will be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee based upon the Company s and Executive s achievement of objectives and milestones to be determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee on an annual basis. Except as otherwise provided herein or in applicable incentive compensation plan that may be in effect from time to time, Executive will not be eligible for, and will not earn, any Annual Bonus if Executive is not employed by the Company on the payment date (regardless of the reason for the separation from employment). 
 
 2.3 Equity. Subject to approval of the Board or its delegate, Executive will receive a stock option grant of 200,000 shares of Company equity. The options vesting will be in accordance with the Company s stock plan. The options will vest as follows one quarter of the shares will vest on the first anniversary of the Effective Date and following that 1 48 th of the shares will vest on a monthly basis, in arrears. The stock options and any other stock-based awards granted to Executive shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the Company s applicable equity incentive plan(s) and the applicable award agreement(s) governing the terms of such stock options and other stock-based awards (collectively, the Equity Documents provided , however , and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Documents, Section 5.3(ii)(b) of this Agreement shall apply in the event of a termination of Executive s employment by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case within the Change of Control Period (as such terms are defined below). 
 
 3. Standard Company Benefits. Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit programs for which Executive is eligible under the terms and conditions of the benefit plans that may be in effect from time to time and provided by the Company to its employees. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans or programs it offers to its employees at any time. 
 
 2. 

4. Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses incurred by Executive in furtherance or in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 
 
 5. Termination of Employment Severance. 
 5.1 At-Will Employment. Executive s employment relationship is at- will. Either Executive or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause subject to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 5.2 Severance Pay and Benefits Upon a Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason Outside the Change of Control Period. 
 
 (i) The Company may terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time without Cause. Executive may terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for any reason, including for Good Reason. 
 (ii) In the event that Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case outside of the Change of Control Period, then, provided that Executive remains in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall provide Executive with the following severance benefits 
 
 (a) The Company shall pay Executive, as severance, nine 
 (9) months of Executive s Base Salary in effect as of the date of Executive s employment termination, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings (the Severance ). Subject to Section 5.2(iii) below, the Severance will be paid in equal installments on the Company s regular payroll schedule over the nine (9) month period following Executive s termination of employment. 
 
 (b) Provided Executive timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, the Company shall pay the Company s portion of Executive s COBRA premiums, equal to the percentage of health premiums paid by the Company prior to Executive s termination, to continue Executive s coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) COBRA Premiums through the period (the COBRA Premium Period starting on Executive s date of termination and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) the nine (9) month anniversary of Executive s date of termination (ii) the date Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer or (iii) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination. In the event Executive becomes covered under another employer s group health plan or otherwise ceases to be eligible for COBRA during the COBRA Premium Period, Executive must immediately notify the Company of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COBRA Premiums without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall pay to Executive, on the first day of each calendar month, a fully taxable cash payment 
 
 3. 

equal to the applicable COBRA premiums for that month (including premiums for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage), subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the Special Cash Payment ), for the remainder of the COBRA Premium Period. Executive may, but is not obligated to, use such Special Cash Payments toward the cost of COBRA premiums. 
 
 (iii) The amounts payable under this Section 5.2, to the extent taxable, shall be paid or commence to be paid within 60 days after the date of termination provided , however , that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, such payments to the extent they qualify as non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period. 
 
 5.3 Severance Pay and Benefits Upon Termination Without Cause or Resignation for Good Reason Within the Change of Control Period. 
 (i) The provisions of this Section 5.3 shall apply in lieu of, and expressly supersede, the provisions of Section 5.2 regarding severance pay and benefits upon a termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason if such termination of employment occurs on or within 12 months after the occurrence of the first event constituting a Change of Control (such period, the Change of Control Period ). These provisions shall terminate and be of no further force or effect after the Change of Control Period 
 
 (ii) In the event that Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, in either case during the Change of Control Period, then, provided Executive remains in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall provide Executive with the following severance benefits 
 
 (a) The Company shall pay Executive, as severance, a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to one (1) times the sum of (A) Executive s then current Base Salary (or Executive s Base Salary in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control, if higher) plus (B) Executive s Annual Bonus for the then-current year (or Executive s Annual Bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control, if higher) (the Change of Control Severance ). 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any applicable option agreement or other stock-based award agreement, all time-based stock options and other stock-based awards subject to time-based vesting held by Executive (the Time-Based Equity Awards shall immediately accelerate and become fully exercisable or nonforfeitable as of the later of (i) the date of termination or (ii) the effective date of the Separation Agreement (as defined below) (the Accelerated Vesting Date provided that any termination or forfeiture of the unvested portion of such Time-Based Equity Awards that would otherwise occur on the date of termination in the absence of this Agreement will 
 
 4. 

be delayed until the effective date of the Separation Agreement and will only occur if the vesting pursuant to this subsection does not occur due to the absence of the Separation Agreement becoming fully effective within the time period set forth therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no additional vesting of the Time-Based Equity Awards shall occur during the period between Executive s date of termination and the Accelerated Vesting Date. 
 
 (c) Provided Executive timely elects continued coverage under COBRA, the Company shall pay the Company s portion of Executive s COBRA premiums, equal to the percentage of health premiums paid by the Company prior to Executive s termination, to continue Executive s coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) COC COBRA Premiums through the period (the COC COBRA Premium Period starting on Executive s date of termination and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) the twelve (12) month anniversary of Executive s date of termination 
 (ii) the date Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer or (iii) the date Executive ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage for any reason, including plan termination. In the event Executive becomes covered under another employer s group health plan or otherwise ceases to be eligible for COBRA during the COC COBRA Premium Period, Executive must immediately notify the Company of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that it cannot pay the COC COBRA Premiums without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company instead shall pay to Executive, on the first day of each calendar month, a fully taxable cash payment equal to the applicable COBRA premiums for that month (including premiums for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents who have elected and remain enrolled in such COBRA coverage), subject to applicable tax withholdings (such amount, the COC Special Cash Payment ), for the remainder of the COC COBRA Premium Period. Executive may, but is not obligated to, use such COC Special Cash Payments toward the cost of COBRA premiums. 
 
 (iii) The amounts payable under this Section 5.3, to the extent taxable, shall be paid or commence to be paid within 60 days after the date of termination provided , however , that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, such payments to the extent they qualify as non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, shall be paid or commence to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period. 
 
 (iv) Additional Limitation. 
 (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that the amount of any compensation, payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of Executive, whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, calculated in a manner consistent with Section 280G of the Code, and the applicable regulations thereunder (the Aggregate Payments ), would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, then the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the sum of all of the Aggregate Payments shall be 1.00 less than the amount at which Executive 
 
 5. 

becomes subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code provided that such reduction shall only occur if it would result in Executive receiving a higher After Tax Amount (as defined below) than Executive would receive if the Aggregate Payments were not subject to such reduction. In such event, the Aggregate Payments shall be reduced in the following order, in each case, in reverse chronological order beginning with the Aggregate Payments that are to be paid the furthest in time from consummation of the transaction that is subject to Section 280G of the Code (1) cash payments not subject to Section 409A of the Code (2) cash payments subject to Section 409A of the Code (3) equity-based payments and acceleration and (4) non-cash forms of benefits provided that in the case of all the foregoing Aggregate Payments, all amounts or payments that are not subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c) shall be reduced before any amounts that are subject to calculation under Treas. Reg. 1.280G-1, Q&A-24(b) or (c). 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Section 5.3(iv), the After Tax Amount means the amount of the Aggregate Payments less all federal, state, and local income, excise and employment taxes imposed on Executive as a result of Executive s receipt of the Aggregate Payments. For purposes of determining the After Tax Amount, Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation applicable to individuals for the calendar year in which the determination is to be made, and state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rates of individual taxation in each applicable state and locality, net of the maximum reduction in federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of such state and local taxes. 
 
 (c) The determination as to whether a reduction in the Aggregate Payments shall be made pursuant to Section 5.3(iv)(a) shall be made by a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Company (the Accounting Firm ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and Executive within 15 business days of the date of termination, if applicable, or at such earlier time as is reasonably requested by the Company or Executive. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and Executive. 
 
 5.4 Termination for Cause Resignation without Good Reason Death 
 or Disability. 
 
 (i) The Company may terminate Executive s employment with 
 the Company at any time for Cause. Further, Executive may resign at any time for any reason other than Good Reason. Executive s employment with the Company may also be terminated due to Executive s death or Disability (as defined below). 
 
 (ii) If Executive resigns without Good Reason, or the Company terminates Executive s employment for Cause, or upon Executive s death or Disability, then 
 (i) all payments of compensation by the Company to Executive hereunder will terminate immediately (except as to amounts already earned), and (ii) Executive will not be entitled to any severance benefits, including (without limitation) the Severance, COBRA Premiums, the Change of Control Severance or the COC COBRA Premiums. 
 
 6. 

6. Conditions to Receipt of Severance, COBRA Premiums, Special Cash Payments and Vesting Acceleration. The receipt of the payments and benefits described in Section 5.2 and Section 5.3 will be subject to subject to (i) Executive signing a separation agreement and release in a form and manner satisfactory to the Company, which shall include, without limitation, a general release of claims against the Company and all related persons and entities and, in the Company s sole discretion, a one-year post-employment noncompetition agreement (the Separation Agreement and (ii) the Separation Agreement becoming irrevocable, all within 60 days after the date of termination (or such shorter period as set forth in the Separation Agreement), which shall include a seven business day revocation period. No amounts will be paid or provided under Section 5.2 or Section 
 5.3 until the Separation Agreement becomes effective. Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all officer and board member positions that the Executive holds with the Company or any of its respective subsidiaries and affiliates upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason. Executive shall execute any documents in reasonable form as may be requested to confirm or effectuate any such resignations. 
 
 7. Section 409A. 
 
 7.1 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that Executive becomes entitled to under this Agreement or otherwise on account of Executive s separation from service would be considered deferred compensation otherwise subject to the 20 percent additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after Executive s separation from service, or (B) Executive s death. If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six- month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule. 
 
 7.2 All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by Executive during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 7.3 To the extent that any payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment or benefit is payable upon Executive s termination of 
 
 7. 

employment, then such payments or benefits shall be payable only upon Executive s separation from service. The determination of whether and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 
 
 7.4 The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party. 
 
 7.5 The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to Executive or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section. 
 
 8. Definitions. 
 8.1 Cause . For purposes of this Agreement, Cause for termination will mean (a) conviction of or please of guilty or nolo contendere to any felony or any crime involving dishonesty (b) participation in any fraud against the Company (c) material breach of any Company s policy or procedure after written notice from the Company and a reasonable period of not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days in which to cure such breach (if curable) (d) persistent failure or refusal to perform Executive s job duties after written notice from the Company and a reasonable period of not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days in which to cure such performance issues (if curable) (e) intentional damage to any property of the Company (f) willful misconduct that causes harm (g) breach of any written agreement by and between Executive and the Company after written notice from the Company and a reasonable period of not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days in which to cure such breach (if curable) and (h) conduct by Executive which in the good faith and reasonable determination of the Company demonstrates gross unfitness (i.e., equivalent to gross negligence) to serve. 
 
 8.2 Change of Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change of Control shall mean a Sale Event, as defined in the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. 
 
 8.3 Disability . For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean Executive s physical or mental condition that renders Executive unable to substantially perform for a period of ninety (90) aggregate days (regardless of whether or not continuous) during any three hundred sixty (360) day period, Executive s regular responsibilities hereunder, with or without a reasonable accommodation. 
 
 8. 

8.4 Good Reason . For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean (a) a material reduction in Executive s Base Salary (unless pursuant to a salary reduction applicable generally to the Company s similarly situated employees) (b) the relocation of Executive s place of work for the Company that is more than 40 miles from Executive s primary place of work, unless mutually agreed upon or (c) a material diminution in Executive s responsibilities, authority, or duties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no act or omission described in subclauses (a), (b) or (c) above shall constitute Good Reason unless (1) Executive first gives the Company written notice of such act or omission within forty-five (45) days of the later of the occurrence of such act or omission or Executive s first becoming aware thereof, (2) the Company fails to cure such act or omission within twenty-one (21) days after receiving such written notice from Executive, and (3) Executive resigns from employment (and all other positions, including as a member of the Board) within ten (10) days after the end of the cure period. 
 
 9. Other Obligations. 
 
 9.1 Restrictive Covenants. In connection with Executive s employment with the Company, Executive will continue to receive access to Company confidential information and trade secrets and develop valuable goodwill with the Company s customers, partners and vendors. To protect the Company s legitimate business interests, Executive will execute the Praxis Confidentiality, Assignment, Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation Agreement in conjunction with this Agreement (the Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement ). Executive acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, and (ii) Executive will abide by the terms of the Confidentiality and Noncompetition Agreement at all times. 
 
 9.2 Third-Party Agreements and Information. Executive represents and warrants that Executive s employment by the Company does not conflict with any prior employment or consulting agreement or other agreement with any third party, and that Executive will perform Executive s duties to the Company without violating any such agreement. Executive represents and warrants that Executive will not use or disclose confidential information arising out of prior employment, consulting, or other third party relationships, in connection with Executive s employment by the Company, except as expressly authorized by that third party. During Executive s employment by the Company, Executive will use in the performance of Executive s duties only information which is generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to Executive s own, common knowledge in the industry, otherwise legally in the public domain, or obtained or developed by the Company or by Executive in the course of Executive s work for the Company. 
 
 10. Outside Activities During Employment. 
 
 10.1 Non-Company Business. Except with the prior written consent of the Board, Executive will not during the term of Executive s employment with the Company undertake or engage in any other employment, occupation or business enterprise, other than ones in which Executive is a passive investor. In any event, Executive may engage in civic 
 9. 

and not-for-profit activities so long as such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder. 
 
 10.2 No Adverse Interests. Executive agrees that during his employment he shall not acquire, assume or participate in, directly or indirectly, any position, investment or interest known to be adverse or antagonistic to the Company, its business or prospects, financial or otherwise. 
 
 11. General Provisions. 
 11.1 Notices. Any notices provided must be in writing and will be deemed effective upon the earlier of personal delivery (including personal delivery by fax) or the next day after sending by overnight carrier, to the Company at its primary office location and to Executive at the address as listed on the Company payroll. 
 11.2 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction to the extent possible in keeping with the intent of the parties. 
 
 11.3 Waiver. Any waiver of any breach of any provisions of this Agreement must be in writing to be effective, and it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 11.4 Complete Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company and is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment of the Parties agreement. This Agreement is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly contained herein, and it cannot be modified or amended except in a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. 
 
 11.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 11.6 Headings. The headings of the paragraphs hereof are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof. 
 
 11.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive and the Company, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, except that Executive 
 10. 

may not assign any of his duties hereunder and he may not assign any of his rights hereunder without the written consent of the Company, which shall not be withheld unreasonably. 
 
 1.1 Tax Withholding and Indemnification. All payments and awards contemplated or made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholdings of applicable taxes in compliance with all relevant laws and regulations of all appropriate government authorities. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has neither made any assurances nor any guarantees concerning the tax treatment of any payments or awards contemplated by or made pursuant to this Agreement. Executive has had the opportunity to retain a tax and financial advisor and fully understands the tax and economic consequences of all payments and awards made pursuant to the Agreement. 
 
 1.2 Choice of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

11. 

In Witness Whereof , the Parties have executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written. 

Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 
 By s Marcio Souza 
 Name Marcio Souza Title CEO 

Date 

May 13, 2021 
 ______________________________________ 

Executive 
 
 s Timothy Kelly 

Name Timothy Kelly 
 Date May 13, 2021 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231-eyconsent2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement and related prospectus (Form S-3 No. 333-260726) of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc., and 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-263081, 333-254410, and 333-249522) pertaining to the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 
 of our report dated February 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-peo302certifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marcio Souza, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 By s MARCIO SOUZA Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-pfo302certifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Timothy Kelly, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 By s TIMOTHY KELLY Timothy Kelly Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-peoandpfo906cer.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 
 By s MARCIO SOUZA Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date February 7, 2023 
 By s TIMOTHY KELLY Timothy Kelly Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 prax-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 prax-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 prax-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 prax-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 prax-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

