<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1900679_0001493152-23-006314.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3392689</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225919</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>636897</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>887761</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>721468</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>850486</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006314.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228203020
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006314
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Technology & Telecommunication Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001900679
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41229
		FILM NUMBER:		23689039

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 823-2821

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006314.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of May 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

As
of February 22, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001, of the Company issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended November 30, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 7 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 7 
 
 PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 8 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 8 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 8 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 11 
 
 PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 12 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 18 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 21 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 22 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

References
to the Company, TETE, our, us or we refer to Technology Telecommunication
Acquisition Corporation, a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on November 8, 2021. References to our Sponsor 
refer to Technology Telecommunication LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. References to our IPO refer
to the initial public offering of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation, which closed on January 20, 2022. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial
 performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

2 

part
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

TETE
was incorporated as a blank check company on November 8, 2021, under the laws of the Cayman Islands, for the purpose of entering into
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one
or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a target business. 

TETE s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that its corporate existence will cease and it will liquidate the trust account (described herein) and distribute
the funds included therein to the holders of ordinary shares sold in its IPO if it does not consummate a business combination by July
20, 2023. 

Offering
Proceeds Held in Trust 

On
January 20, 2022, TETE consummated the IPO of 10,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, TETE consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 480,000 units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private
placement unit, generating gross proceeds to TETE in the amount of 4,800,000. 

On
January 20, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional 1,500,000 units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option. The over-allotment option units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to TETE
of 15,000,000. Also, in connection with the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional 52,500 private
placement units at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on January 20, 2022, an amount of 116,725,000 10.15 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units
in the IPO and the private placement was placed in a trust account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by TETE meeting the
conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by TETE, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business
Combination or (ii) the distribution of the trust account.. As of the date of this proxy statement, funds in the trust account totaled
approximately US 32 million. 

On January 18, 2023, TETE held its extraordinary meeting
of shareholders. During this meeting, TETE s shareholders approved the proposals to (i) amend TETE s Amended and Restated
Articles of Association to give TETE the right to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination (the Combination
Period up to six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time, from January 20, 2023 to July 20, 2023; (ii) amend TETE s
investment management trust agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, to allow the Company to extend the Combination Period up to six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from January
20, 2023 to the Extended Date by depositing into the Trust Account, for each one-month extension, the lesser of (a) 262,500 and (b) 0.0525
for each Class A ordinary share outstanding, and (iii) amend the Articles of Association to expand the methods that TETE may employ to
not become subject to the penny stock rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. On January 20, 2023, 8,373,932 Public
Shares were redeemed by a number of shareholders at a price of approximately US 10.31 per share, in an aggregate principal amount of US 86,353,885.
On January 20, 2022, TETE issued an unsecured promissory note to its Sponsor, in the amount of US 164,119, which amount was deposited
into the trust account to extend the available time to complete a business combination to February 20, 2023. None of the funds held in
trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations, until the earlier of the completion
of an initial business combination within the required time period or our entry into liquidation if TETE has not consummated a business
combination by January 20, 2023 (or July 20, 2023, if further extended). 

3 

As of February 28, 2023, we had approximately US 207,763
of unused net proceeds that were not deposited into the trust fund to pay future general and administrative expenses. The net proceeds
deposited into the trust fund remain on deposit in the trust fund earning interest. As of the date of this proxy statement, there was,
as a result of the redemptions discussed above, approximately US 32 million in TETE s trust account. 

TETE
Units, Public Shares, and TETE Warrants are each quoted on Nasdaq, under the symbols TETEU, TETE, and TETEW, 
respectively. Each of TETE Units consist of one ordinary share and one redeemable warrant. TETE Units commenced trading on January 20,
2022. Public Shares and TETE Warrants commenced trading on March 7, 2022. 

Business
Combination Activities 

On October 19, 2022, TETE entered into an agreement
and plan of merger (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among TETE, TETE
Technologies Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian private limited company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of TETE Merger Sub ), Super Apps
Holdings Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian private limited company Super Apps ), Technology Telecommunication LLC (the Sponsor ),
as representative of TETE shareholders, and Loo See Yuen, as representative of the Super Apps shareholders. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
Super Apps will merge with TETE Technologies Sdn Bhd, a Malaysian private limited company and wholly owned subsidiary of TETE, with Super
Apps surviving and TETE acquiring 100 of the equity securities of Super Apps. In exchange for their equity securities, the shareholders
of Super Apps will receive an aggregate number of ordinary shares of TETE (the Merger Consideration with an aggregate value
equal to: (a) one billion one hundred million U.S. Dollars 1,100,000,000), minus (b) any Closing Net Indebtedness (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), of which 235,000,000 will be paid at the closing of the Business Combination with the remaining 865,000,000 subject
to the earn-out provisions set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

The Business Combination has been approved by the boards of directors of
each of TETE and Super Apps. The Business Combination will require the approval of the shareholders of TETE and Super Apps and is subject
to other customary closing conditions, including a proxy statement being filed with and cleared by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2023. 

Redemption
Rights 

Pursuant
to TETE s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, TETE shareholders (except the Initial Shareholders and the officers and directors of TETE) will be
entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata share of the trust account (currently anticipated to be approximately US 10.27 per
ordinary share for shareholders) net of taxes payable. 

TETE s
Initial Shareholders do not have redemption rights with respect to any TETE Shares owned by them, directly or indirectly (nor will they
seek appraisal rights with respect to such ordinary shares if appraisal rights would be available to them). 

Automatic
Dissolution and Subsequent Liquidation of trust account if No Business Combination 

If
we do not consummate an initial business combination by January 20, 2023 (or July 20, 2023, if further extended), it will trigger our
automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of TETE s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. As a result, this has the same effect as if we had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the
Cayman Companies Act. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution
and liquidation. 

Pursuant
to the terms of TETE s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, LLC, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our Initial Shareholders or
their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account, for
each one-month extension after January 20, 2023 and until July 20, 2023, the lesser of (a) 262,500 and (b) 0.0525 for each Class A
ordinary share outstanding, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Our Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or designees
will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the
event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes
would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation
of our business combination into additional units at a price of US 10.00 per unit, which are the same as the Private Placement Units.
Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert
such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our business combination
within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten Business Days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding
public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not necessary to pay our taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able
to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. In
the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire and will be worthless. 

4 

The
amount in the trust account under the Cayman Companies Act will be treated as share premium which is distributable under the Cayman Companies
Act provided that immediately following the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts
as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute
to our public shareholders the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date
(including any accrued interest). Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought
against us by our creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our
public shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that
may be potentially brought against us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent
of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek
to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with
our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements.
Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust
account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable. 

Each
of our Initial Shareholders and our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust account or
other assets with respect to the Insider Shares and Private Placement Units and to vote their Insider Shares and private shares in favor
of any dissolution and plan of distribution which we submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the trust account
with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless. 

If
we are unable to consummate a business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO, other than the proceeds deposited in
the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share distribution from the
trust account would be approximately US 10.27. 

The
proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to the claims
of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective target businesses
or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest
of our shareholders if such third party refused to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party
that refused to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management
believed that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 

5 

Technology
 Telecommunication LLC, our Sponsor, has agreed that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business
combination, it will be liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by
us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of the IPO not held in the trust account,
but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only if
such parties have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that the Sponsor will be able to satisfy those obligations
if it is required to do so. Accordingly, the actual per-share distribution could be less than US 10.15 due to claims of creditors. Additionally,
if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the
claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account,
we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public shareholders at least US 10.15 per share. 

Facilities
and Headquarters 

We
maintain our principal executive offices at C3-2-23A, Jalan 1/152, Taman OUG Parklane, Off Jalan Kelang Lama, 58200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The cost for this space is provided to us by Technology Telecommunication LLC, as part of the US 10,000 per month payment we make
to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to
devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based
on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company
is in. We expected our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which
could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we
move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). Accordingly, as management has located a suitable
target business to acquire, they are presently spending more time negotiating and processing the Business Combination than they were
previously in locating and investigating target businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination. 

For
additional discussion of the general development of our business, see our final prospectus on Form 424B4, filed with the SEC on January
19, 2022. 

6 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus filed
with the SEC on January 20, 2022. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. In addition to these risk factors, the Company has identified the following additional risk factors: 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company expects to incur
significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial
business combination. In addition, the Company expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it pursues an initial business combination
target. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
the Company does not currently have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, which consist solely of pursuing a Business Combination. 

The Company may raise additional
capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s
officers and directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (except as described above), loan the Company funds, from time to
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Based on the
foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination
or the deadline to complete a Business Combination pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (unless
otherwise amended by shareholders). 

While the Company expects to
have sufficient access to additional sources of capital if necessary, there is no current commitment on the part of any financing source
to provide additional capital and no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately be available. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the
date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to raise additional capital (to the
extent ultimately necessary) or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As is customary for a special purpose acquisition company, if the Company
is not able to consummate a Business Combination during the Combination Period, it will cease all operations and redeem the Public Shares.
Management plans to continue its efforts to consummate a Business Combination during the Combination Period. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at C3-2-23A, Jalan 1/152, Taman OUG Parklane, Off Jalan Kelang Lama, 58200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia,
and our telephone number is +60 1 2334 8193. The cost for this space is provided to us by Technology Telecommunication LLC, as
part of the US 10,000 per month payment we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

7 

part
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol TETEU on or about January 15, 2022, and
the Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols TETE and TETEW, 
respectively, on or about March 7, 2022. 

Holders
of Record 

As of
February 28, 2023, there were 3,658,568 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by approximately 2 shareholders of record
and 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by 1 shareholder of record. The number of record holders was determined
from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares held in the names of various security
brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board
of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no unregistered securities to report which have not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through November 30, 2022
were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after our Initial Public
Offering, identifying a target company for an initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable
securities held in the Trust Accounts. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

8 

For the year ended November 30, 2022, we had a net income of 826,045,
which consists of formation and operating costs of 500,952, and interest earned on investments held of 1,326,997. For the period from
November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, we had a net loss of 4,861, which consists of formation and operating costs of
 4,861. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern Consideration 

On
January 20, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private placement of an aggregate
of 532,500 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,325,000. 

For
the year ended period ended November 30, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 664,685. 

As
of November 30, 2022, we had investments of 118,051,997 held in the Trust Accounts. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in
the Trust Accounts, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Accounts (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting
commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the period ended November 30,
2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Accounts. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Accounts will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of November 30, 2022, we had cash of 491,293 outside of the Trust Accounts. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Accounts primarily
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial business combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial business combination, our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Accounts to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Accounts would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the
Placement Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

We
do not currently believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business.
However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial
business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business
combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to
compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we
will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Accounts. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash
on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

The
Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing this 10K. In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination
or the date the Company is required to liquidate. 

9 

These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or
commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Other
than the below, we do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations
or long-term liabilities. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date that our securities are first listed, we agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to members of our founding team. Upon completion of the initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
paying such monthly fees. For the year ended November 30, 2022, 100,000 had been paid and charged to operating expenses. There were no amounts
paid or charged for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021. 

Registration
Rights 

The
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, placement units (including
securities contained therein), units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans,
any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares and warrants (and underlying
Class A ordinary shares) that may be issued upon conversion of the units issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of the founder shares will be entitled to registration are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to
two demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the initial business combination. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

On
January 20, 2022, we paid an underwriting discount of 2 of the per Unit offering price, or approximately 2,300,000 in the aggregate
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 4,025,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

10 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November
30, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, during
the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

11 

part
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 

Age

Position 
 
 Tek
 Che Ng 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Chow
 Wing Loke 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Raghuvir
 Ramanadhan 
 
 58 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Virginia
 Chan 
 
 60 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Kiat
 Wai Du 
 
 42 
 
 Independent
 Director 

Below
is a summary of the business experience of each our executive officers and directors: 

Our
management team is led by Tek Che Ng, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, and Chow Wing Loke, our Chief Financial
Officer. 

Tek
Che Ng, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

From
August 2019, Mr. Ng served as Director of Bayan Development Sdn Bhd (formerly GE Properties Sdn Bhd), a property developing company.
Mr. Ng oversees the entire operations of the Company. According to the Company s internal cashflow projections, the total gross
development value of the current project is about RM1.2 billion (approximately US 290 million). 

From
August 2016 to July 2019, Mr. Ng served as Executive Director of Milux Corporation Bhd, a public listed company in the KLSE Malaysia.
The company is a manufacturer involving sales and services of gas cookers, electrical household appliances and related products. Mr.
Ng led the Company in business and market expansion especially in overseas. 

Since
October 2012, Mr. Ng has served as Chairman cum Director and Shareholder of Prime Oleochemical Industries Sdn Bhd., the first Malaysia
manufacturer to produce premium glycerin transparent soaps. The Company is committed to research and development, manufacturing and sales
of quality transparent soaps and other personal care products. Its products are marketed all over the world. Mr. Ng led the company in
business development and marketing. 

From
November 2012 to April 2014, Mr. Ng served as Chief Executive Officer of Mines Resort Berhad (MRB). He was responsible for the entire
operations of the Company. MRB is a property conglomerate that primarily focuses on property development and investment holdings, with
subsidiaries involved in diverse industries such as health, hospitality, membership, tourism and education. 

From
March 2004 to November 2012, Mr. Ng was principally involved, in his capacity as Group Managing Director, Nomination Committee Member
and Shareholder, in the arrangement for Metronic Global Berhad (MGB) to acquire 40 share of Ariantec Sdn Bhd (ASB). ASB principal business
activity is the Provision of turnkey solutions on network infrastructure and security management. ASB subsequently through merger and
acquisition with Global Soft (MSC) Bhd and became ACE Market-listed entity. Thereafter, Global Soft (MSC) Bhd had changed its name to
Ariantec Global Bhd. 

12 

In
1986, Mr. Ng founded Metronic Engineering Sdn. Bhd. (MESB), an engineering services company specializing in the field of Intelligent
Building Management System (IBMS) and Integrated Security Management System (ISMS). Over the years, he took MESB from a small company
into one of the key players in the industry. He successfully took the company public and listing on the MESDAQ Market of Bursa Malaysia
Securities Berhad in 2004 under the holding company, Metronic Global Berhad (MGB) and he was appointed as the Group Managing Director
of MGB. Under his leadership, MGB grew and expanded rapidly and was subsequently transferred to the main market of Bursa Malaysia in
2007. In addition, Mr. Ng also held directorships with the following companies during the last five years: Metronic Impact Sdn Bhd from
October 1993 to present; Datarich Asia Sdn Bhd from June 2013 to present; Lumayan Klik Sdn Bhd from October 2019 to present; Rimbun Berseri
Sdn Bhd from September 2019 to present; A.W. Agro Management Services Sdn Bhd from November 2019 to present; Finnex Risk Management Sdn
Bhd (formerly Bonus Entity Sdn Bhd) from September 2019 to present; Meeka Yogurt (M) Sdn Bhd from January 2020 to present; M Nine One
Resources Sdn Bhd from May 2020 to present; Young Diet Sdn Bhd from July 2021 to present; Young Dessert Sdn Bhd (formerly Young Beverage
Sdn Bhd) from July 2021 to present; Young Life Sdn Bhd from July 2021 to present; Healiving Supplies Sdn Bhd from October 2021 to present;
and Mewah Binajaya Sdn Bhd from May 2019 to present. 

Mr.
Ng holds a Master s in Business Administration from Charles Sturt University and a Diploma in Mechanical and Automotive Engineering
from Tunku Abdul Rahman College. 

Chow
Wing Loke, Chief Financial Officer 

From
Aug 2020, Mr. Loke served as the Director of A C Technology Waste Oil Sdn Bnd. From December 2020, he became the major shareholder
and served as Managing Director Chief Executive Officer of A C. A C is one of the pioneers in the waste recycling industry
in Malaysia with business focus on recycling of industrial waste oil and providing wastewater treatment solutions. He is responsible
for charting the corporate direction, formulate and implement business strategies as well as managing the operation of the Company. 

From
March 2018 to June 2020, Mr. Loke served as Chief Financial Officer of Motos America Inc. (formerly WeConnect Tech International Inc
(WECT). Motos America Inc. started as an information technology, payment solution provider and e-commerce company. In 2019, Motos America
Inc. venture into Oil Gas and Green Technology by acquiring an oil gas company, as well as exploring a transformation green
 renewable energy technology. His role was managing all finance and corporate finance function of the group as well as the legal
and statutory compliances to USA and SEC regulations. 

From
May 2008 to February 2018, Mr. Loke served as General Manager Commercial of Autoliv Hirotako Sdn Bhd. Autoliv Hirotako is the
largest automotive safety restraint system manufacturer in Malaysia. His role was in Business Development for the holding company, Sales
 Marketing and Procurement for Autoliv Hirotako Group. 

From
Feb 2006 to April 2008, Mr. Loke served as Chief Financial Officer of Autoair Holdings Bhd. Autoair Holdings Bhd was listed on Bursa
Malaysia. The company principal activities are manufacturing of automotive components for local and export markets and property development.
Mr. Loke s role was on restructuring and sustains the operation of the Group. This includes setting new corporate direction and
strategies, reorganize the business model and as well as revamp business operation. In addition, Mr. Loke also held directorships with
the following companies during the last five years: - WMG Resources Sdn Bhd from February 2012 till present; Mictronics (M) Sdn Bhd from
February 2016 till present; Zen MD International Sdn Bhd from April 2016 till present; HQL Technology Sdn Bhd from November 2016 to May
2018; Kopitiam 95 Group Sdn Bhd from October 2020 to October 2021; Kingdom 95 Koiptiam Sdn Bhd from October 2020 to October 2021; 95
Kopitiam One Sdn Bhd from October 2020 to October 2021; 95 Kopotiam Two Sdn Bhd from October 2020 to October 2021; 95 Kopitiam Three
Sdn Bhd from October 2020 to October 2021; 95 Kopitiam Four Sdn Bhd from October 2020 to October 2021; 95 Distribution Sdn Bhd from December
2020 to October 2021; and 95 Market Sdn Bhd from December 2020 to October 2021. 

Mr.
Loke is a Fellow Member of The Chartered Association of Certified Accountants (FCCA). He earned his professional qualification from Systematic
Business School Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. 

Our
Independent Directors 

Raghuvir
Ramanadhan, Independent Director and Member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee 

From
November 2021, Mr. Ramanadhan has worked as Sales Director at Capgemini Singapore. Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, technology
services and digital transformation. Mr. Ramanadhan s role is to develop the regional sales of the company. 

13 

From
March 2020, Mr. Ramanadhan has been the Founder Director of Fourtel Digital (a private company based in Singapore). Fourtel Digital focuses
on Digital capability assessments and roadmap, operating model design and transformation, Data monetization, marketing and mobility strategy. 

From
August 2019 to March 2020, Mr. Ramanadhan served as General Manager of Gilat (Asia). Gilat Satellite Networks is a public company headquartered
in Israel that develops and sells VSAT satellite ground stations and related equipment. Mr. Ramanadhan reorganized to improve efficiency
of the client facing and support teams for effective performance and sustainable regional coverage in 4 countries. 

From
February 2015 to July 2019, Mr. Ramanadhan served as Director of Sales of Amdocs. Amdocs is a multinational corporation that was founded
in Israel and currently headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri, with support and development centers located worldwide. Mr. Ramanadhan
was responsible for the largest Managed services deal for Amdocs ever in Asia Pacific with a follow-on DC virtualization. 

From
October 2011 to February 2015, Mr. Ramanadhan served as Regional Director of CSG. CSG is a company provides market-leading solutions
and support. He built and skilled, ground up Sales Support teams across Asia, resulting in breakthrough deals over 70 million
to establish long term presence in varied Asian markets. 

Mr.
Ramanadhan earned his MBA from National University of Singapore in 2004 and Master of Science (Mathematics) from University of Mardras,
India in 1986. 

Virginia
Chan , Independent Director and Chair of the Compensation Committee and Member of the Audit Committee 

From
March 2018 to present 2021, Miss Virginia Chan serves as CEO and Director of Flagship PMC Sdn Bhd. Her role is to liaise with international
investors. 

From
January 2015 to February 2018, Miss Virginia Chan served as a Personal Assistant to the Group President at Capital Improvement Sdn Bhd.
As a personal assistant, Miss Virginia Chan provides financial lead regarding joint ventures and project management consultancy to the
group. 

From
August 2008 to December 2014, Miss Virginia Chan also served as a Financial Controller of Wood Group Kenny Sdn Bhd. Wood Group Kenny
Sdn Bhd is an international energy services company with around 6 billion sales and operating in more than 50 countries. During the
period, she led the accounts department for Malaysia and Indonesia operation of Wood Group Kenny Sdn Bhd. 

From
May 2003 to July 2008, Miss Virginia Chan also served as a Finance Administration Manager of Pegasus Oil Gas Consultants
Sdn Bhd. Pegasus Oil Gas Consultants is a company specializing in engineering consultancy for offshore oil gas pipelines.
She was one of the key members of the Company s management team, and led accounts department of their Malaysia office. 

From
August 1996 to April 2003, Miss Virginia Chan also served as Vice President Finance Administration of Kvaerner Pertrominco Engineering
Sdn Bhd (now known as Aker Solutions). It is a company delivers integrated solutions, products and services to the global energy industry.
During the period, Miss Virginia Chan was a member of Company s Management oversaw the finance and administrative functions of
the Company. 

From
September 1993 to July 1996 Miss Virginia Chan also served as Consulting Manager of Wahab Khalid Consultants Sdn Bhd. Primary project
was the Kuala Lumpur International Airport assistant to the Head of Finance from the Government. Miss Virginia Chan worked closely with
the Head of Finance to implement and monitor the accounting and internal control systems and procedures covering fixed assets, payroll,
works progress tracking. Prime point of contact for banks and financiers, external auditors and legal advisors on financial matters relating
to the establishment and successful implementation of the Airport Development Project 

14 

From
April 1989 to August 1993 Miss Virginia Chan served as Assistant Manager of Coopers Lybrand (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers
- PwC) which is a multinational professional services network of firms. PwC ranks as the second-largest professional services network
in the world and is considered one of the Big Four accounting firms. During Miss Virginia Chan s period there, she managed and
resuscitated ailing Companies from various industries on behalf of Banks. 

From
December 1981 to March 1989 Miss Virginia Chan served as Supervisor in KPMG. KPMG is a multinational professional services network, and
one of the Big Four accounting organizations. During the period, Miss Virginia Chan articled and successfully obtained her professional
MICPA qualification. Whilst here Miss Virginia Chan s work spanned from conducting financial and statutory auditing, personal and
corporate tax computations for clients ranging from small start-ups and individuals to major multinationals, in various industries. 

Since
January 2003, Miss Virginia Chan has been a member of Financial Planning Association of Malaysia (FPAM). 

Since
January 1989, Miss Virginia Chan also has been a member of Malaysian Institute of Certified Public Accounts (MICPA). 

Kiat
Wai Du , Independent Director and Chair of the Audit Committee and Member of the Compensation Committee 

From
May 2021, Mr. Du co-founded AQ Media Group Sdn Bnd. Invest AQ is an investor relation platform empowering entrepreneur and corporate
in their capital raising exercise. 

From
October 2014, Mr. Du served as Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the board of directors of Vertu Capital Ltd, an investing company
listed on the Standard Board of the London Stock Exchange, to acquire financial services companies around Southeast Asia region. 

From
October 2012, Mr. Du served as Executive Director at Managing Partner at Ingenious Wealth Management Ltd (Hong Kong). Ingenious Wealth
Management Ltd (IWML) is a family office wealth management company that manages assets and wealth of high-net-worth individuals
and family business. 

From
July 2010 to December 2018, Mr. Du served as Non-Executive Director at V Telecoms Berhad. V Telecoms is a next generation fiber optic
network infrastructure company covering Peninsular Malaysia and the region. 

From
December 2015, Mr. Du founded and served as Chief Executive Officer of Ingenious Haus Group. It is a boutique corporate advisory firm
committed to helping entrepreneurs and midsized companies accelerate growth and create value. In December 2015, Mr. Du founded Ingenious
Haus (UK) Ltd, the name of which was later changed to Ingenious Financial Group Limited in August 2021. Mr. Du has also served as a director
at WD Assets Ltd. since September 2016. Mr. Du also holds the following positions: managing partner at William Du Co since August
2021; non-executive director at RapidCloud International Plc from August 2013 to December 2017; corporate advisor at Dagang Halal Berhad
from May 2014 to October 2018; director at Aries Telecoms Berhad (VTelecoms Berhad) from July 2010 to December 2018; director at Ingenious
Growth Fund from December 2009 to December 2012; and deputy treasurer at TeAm from 2007 to 2009. 

Mr.
Du earned his Master of Business Administration and BA (Hons) Accounting from University of Hertfordshire. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

15 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent
accountants, reviewing their independence and performance; reviews TETE s accounting and financial reporting processes and the
integrity of its financial statements; the audits of TETE s financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications,
independence and performance of TETE s independent auditors; TETE s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and
the performance of TETE s internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting. 

The
members of the Audit Committee are Raghuvir Ramanadhan, Virginia Chan and Kiat Wai Du, each of whom is an independent director under
NASDAQ s listing standards. Kiat Wai Du is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The board has determined that both Kiat Wai
Du qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee reviews TETE s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation, evaluates the
officers performance in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation level based
on this evaluation; makes recommendations to the board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed
employee benefit plans, makes recommendations to the board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers TETE s
incentive-compensation plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities
to subcommittees as it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of TETE may not be present during voting
or deliberations of the Compensation Committee with respect to his compensation. TETE s executive officers do not play a role in
suggesting their own salaries. Neither TETE nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in
determining or recommending the amount or form of executive or director compensation. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effect, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an
initial business combination, the Compensation Committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
members of the Compensation Committee are Raghuvir Ramanadhan, Virginia Chan and Kiat Wai Du, each of whom is an independent director
under NASDAQ s listing standards. Virginia Chan is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Raghuvir Ramanadhan, Virginia Chan,
and Kiat Wai Du. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating
committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders).
Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

16 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on January 14, 2022, we agreed to pay our
sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were
made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will
be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to
have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

17 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of February 22, 2023 the number of ordinary shares beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by
us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (ii) each of our officers and directors;
and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of February 22, 2022, we had (i) 3,126,068 publicly-held Class A ordinary
shares issued and outstanding, (ii) 532,500 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Placement Private Units, and (iii) 2,875,000 Class
B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of February 22, 2022. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Shares 
 
 Technology Telecommunication LLC (Our Sponsor) 
 3,407,500 (2) 
 48.2 
 
 Tek Che Ng (1)(2) 
 3,407,500 (3) 
 48.2 
 
 Chow Wing Loke 

Raghuvir Ramanadhan 

Kiat Wai Du 

Virginia Chan 

All officers and directors as a group 

(5 individuals) 
 3,407,500 
 48.2 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (3) 
 730,000 
 6.35 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (4) 
 1,046,430 
 8.7 
 
 First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund (5) 
 883,504 
 7.34 

Less
 than one percent. 

(1) 
 Technology
 Telecommunication LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Mr. Ng, or Chief Executive Officer
 of the company, is the manager of the sponsor and may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by
 our sponsor. Mr. Ng disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. The business address
 of each of our sponsor and the individuals listed herein is executive offices are located at C3-2-23A, Jalan 1/152, Taman OUG Parklane,
 Off Jalan Kelang Lama, 58200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

(2) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares, as well as placement shares after this offering. Founder
 shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section of
 this prospectus entitled Description of Securities. 

18 

(3) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed February 14, 2023. The address of the business office of the holder is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami,
 FL 33127.. 

(4) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed February 14, 2023. Paul J. Glazer is the Managing Member of Glazer Capital, LLC, and may deemed to have shared
 voting power over these shares. The address of the business office of the holder is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New
 York 10019.. 

(5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023. The address of First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund is 225 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor,
 Chicago, IL 60606. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On
November 26, 2021, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per unit, for the purchase of 2,875,000 Insider
Shares, par value 0.0001. The number of Insider Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Insider Shares would
represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the IPO (excluding the placement units and underlying securities). The Insider
Shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Sponsor purchased 532,500 placement units for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. There are no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to the Insider Shares, placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination
within the allotted 12-month period (or 18 months, if extended). 

Commencing
on January 14, 2022, we agreed to pay to Technology Telecommunication LLC, the Sponsor, 10,000 per month for up to 18 months for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

No
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their respective affiliates and will determine
which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Related
Party Extensions Loan 

On January 20, 2023, TETE issued a note (the Note to the
Sponsor for US 656,474 with multiple drawdowns available upon request by TETE. On the same date, an amount of US 164,119 was deposited
into the trust account to extend the available time to consummate a business combination until February 20, 2023. On February 14, 2023,
an additional amount of US 164,119 was deposited into the trust account to extend the available time for consummating a business combination
until March 20, 2023. The Notes do not bear interest and are payable upon the closing of a business combination. They are also non-convertible. 

19 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
board of directors has adopted an audit committee charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party
transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the
SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed
related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed
to, the business purpose of the transaction and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any
member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting
on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all
of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction,
the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members
of the audit committee, present at a meeting at which a quorum is present, will be required in order to approve a related party transaction.
A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of
all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on
a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to
consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of the Sponsor, officers or directors unless we,
or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Except
as provided herein, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation
will be paid by us to the Sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of the Sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services
rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to the Sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior
to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
 of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by the Sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment
 to Technology Telecommunication LLC, the Sponsor, of 10,000 per month, for up to 12 months (subject to a six-month extension),
 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment
 of non-interest-bearing loans which may be made by the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors
 to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described
 above) have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
 may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business
 combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

20 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see
 Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

ITEM
14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
firm of MaloneBailey, LLP, or MaloneBailey, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of
fees paid to MaloneBailey for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . For the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, fees for
our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 42,500 and 45,000, respectively, for the services MaloneBailey performed
in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our November 30, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees. For the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, our independent
registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of
financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . For the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, fees for
our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 0, for the services MaloneBailey performed in connection with tax
compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . For the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021,
there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set
forth above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

21 

part
IV 

ITEM
15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

22 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 F-1 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended November 30, 2022 and for the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-6
 F-17 

23 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Technology
 Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended
November 30, 2022 and the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
November 30, 2022 and the period from November 8, 2021 (inception) through November 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination within
a prescribed period of time and if not completed will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

February
28, 2023 

F- 1 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Financial Statements 

Technology
 Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

November 30, 
 2022 
 November 30, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and Marketable Securities held in trust account 
 
 - 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Promissory note related party 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriter commission 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares (at per share) 
 
 - 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preference Shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at November 30, 2022; issued and outstanding at November 30, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at November 30, 2022, and November 30, 2021 

Common stock, value 

Subscription receivable 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 2 

Technology
 Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 November 30, 
 2022 
 For the period 
 from November 8, 
 2021 (inception) 
 through 
 November 30, 
 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 
 
 - 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 

Weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding 

Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

Technology
 Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Subscription 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 

Balance November 8, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor for subscription receivable 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balances November 30, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Cash collected on subscription receivable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale of Units in Initial Public Offering 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Offering and Underwriting costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commission 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Re-classification 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Re-measurement for common stock to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance November 30, 2022 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

Technology
 Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended November 30, 2022 
 For the period 
 from 
 November 8, 
 2021 (inception) 
 through 
 November 30, 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Collection of subscription receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of Units, net of IPO costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of private placement units 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of promissory note related party 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Net change in cash 
 
 - 
 
 Cash at the beginning of the period 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash at the end of the period 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 
 
 - 
 
 Initial Classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs paid for by Promissory note related party 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor for subscription receivable 
 - 

Accretion of Common Stock subject to redemption 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

units Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares
included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of which is described in
Note 3. 

The
Initial Public Offering transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees paid in cash, 
of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as
trustee (the Trust Account )), funded to the trust account and of costs related to the Initial Public
Offering. Cash of was held outside of the Trust Account on January 20, 2022 and was available for working capital purposes.
As described in Note 6, the deferred underwriting fees are contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale (the Private Placement of an
aggregate of units (the Private Placement Units to Technology Telecommunication LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 

On
January 20, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option.
The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of .
Also, in connection with the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Option Private Placement
Units at a purchase price of per unit. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 20, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account, as described below. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully.
The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market
value equal to at least of the value of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if
the post transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a
controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least per Unit
sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in the Trust Account and invested
only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of
185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting
certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a
redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

The
Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does
not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination, or such other vote as required by law or stock exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

If,
however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company
decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to
redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined
below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless
the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within 12 months (or 15 months, or 18 months, as applicable from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s
warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
holders of the Founders Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Founder Shares acquire Public Shares in
or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to
their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will
be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value
of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of November 30, 2022, the Company had approximately of cash in its operating account and working capital of approximately . 

Prior
to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity needs had been satisfied through the capital contribution
of from the Sponsor to purchase the Founder Shares, and a loan of up to pursuant to the Note issued to the Sponsor,
which was repaid on January 25, 2022 (Note 5). Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, the
Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied with the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the
Trust Account. 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs
through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will
be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates,
performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with
or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Going
Concern and Management s Plan 

The
Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of its initial business combination. In addition, the Company expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it
pursues an initial business combination target. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern the Company does not currently have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, which consist
solely of pursuing a Business Combination. 

The
Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its shareholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor may, but are not obligated to (except as described above),
loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s
working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier
of consummation of a Business Combination or the deadline to complete a Business Combination pursuant to the Company s Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (unless otherwise amended by shareholders). 

While
the Company expects to have sufficient access to additional sources of capital if necessary, there is no current commitment on the part
of any financing source to provide additional capital and no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately
be available. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period
of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans
to raise additional capital (to the extent ultimately necessary) or to consummate a Business Combination will be successful or successful
within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As
is customary for a special purpose acquisition company, if the Company is not able to consummate a Business Combination during the Combination
Period, it will cease all operations and redeem the Public Shares. Management plans to continue its efforts to consummate a Business
Combination during the Combination Period. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

in cash and cash equivalents as of November
30, 2022 nil as of November 30, 2021). 

and 0 respectively. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

. However, the threshold
in its charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus public shares would be required to be disclosed
outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value per share) at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are
reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. 

As
of November 30, 2022, Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding are subject to possible redemption. 

. On November 30, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

- 
 
 Denominator: weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares 
 
 - 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per redeemable Class A ordinary share 
 
 - 

Class B ordinary shares 

Numerator: net income allocable to Class B ordinary shares 

Denominator: weighted average number of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per Class B ordinary share 

Numerator: net income allocable to ordinary shares 

Denominator: weighted average number of ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

consist principally of costs incurred
in connection with formation of the Company and preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter
discount of , were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to
the Company in the amount of . per whole share . 

units (the Private Placement Units to Technology Telecommunication, LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of 

A
portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Units will be worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not
be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares in exchange for . The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the
underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted
basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. The Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture due to full exercise of the over-allotment by the underwriter. 

. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
November 26, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of up to . The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable
on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

During
the year end November 30, 2022, deferred offering costs paid for by the Promissory Note amounted to . On January 25, 2022, the
outstanding balance owed under the Promissory Note (being was repaid in full. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. Such units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In
the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of November
30, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of November 30, 2022, had been accrued
and not yet been paid to the Sponsor under the Administrative Support Agreement. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The
underwriters agreed to reimburse us for expenses incurred by us in connection with this offering in an amount equal to , payable
to us at the closing of the offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or 
in the aggregate (or in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full). The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On
January 20, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the full exercise of the over-allotment
option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share with such
designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of November
30, 2022, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the Company to issue 
Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to
one vote for each share. As of November 30, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding 
shares subject to possible redemption). 

Class
B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary
shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each
share. As of November 30, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, such that the Initial Shareholders
would maintain ownership of at least of the issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Public Offering. 

Only
holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a
vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into
a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or
other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at
the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of
a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless
the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance
or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion
of Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a
Business Combination (net of the number of Class A ordinary shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any
shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire 
after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is
available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is
available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares
to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under
the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 November
30, 2022 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding
the above, if the Class A ordinary shares is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Ordinary shares Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share
 splits, share dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
 on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering. 

to Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (TETE). As of February
21, 2023, the Sponsor had paid an aggregate of US towards this loan. 

Subsequent
to the approval by the shareholders of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation TETE or the Company of the Amendment to TETE s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Charter Amendment ), on
January 20, 2023, TETE filed the Charter Amendment with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands. In connection with the Charter Amendment, TETE s shareholders elected
to redeem an aggregate of ordinary shares. Pursuant to the Charter Amendment,
TETE has the right to extend the period which it has to complete a business combination by up to six (6) times for an additional one
(1) month each time from January 20, 2023 to July 20, 2023 by depositing into its trust account, for each one-month extension, the lesser
of (a) and (b) for each Class A ordinary share outstanding after giving effect to the redemption of public shares in
connection with the Charter Amendment in accordance with the terms of TETE s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

F- 17 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s
website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and among Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation, TETE Technologies Sdn Bhd, Super Apps Holdings Sdn Bhd, Technology Telecommunication LLC and Loo See Yuen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Memorandum and Articles of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on January 7, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on January 7, 2022) . 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on January 7, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on January 7, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, among the Company, Technology Telecommunication LLC and certain directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between the Company and Technology Telecommunication LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, among the Company, Technology Telecommunication LLC and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between the Company and Technology Telecommunication LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as January 14, 2022, between the Company and the directors and officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on January 24, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Company Shareholder Support Agreement by and among Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation, certain shareholders of Super Apps Holdings Sdn Bhd and Super Apps Holdings Sdn Bhd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Parent Shareholder Support Agreement by and between Super Apps Holdings Sdn Bhd, certain shareholders of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation and Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 19, 2022). 
 
 14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on January 7, 2023). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags
 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed
 herewith. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TECHNOLOGY
 TELECOMMUNICATION ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 
 Dated:
 February 28, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Tek Che Ng 

Name:
 
 Tek
 Che Ng 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/
 Tek Che Ng 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 Tek
 Che Ng 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Chow Wing Loke 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 Chow
 Wing Loke 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Raghuvir Ramanadhan 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 Raghuvir
 Ramanadhan 

/s/
 Kiat Wai Du 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 Kiat
 Wai Du 

/s/
 Virginia Chan 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 
 Virginia
 Chan 

25 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we are authorized to issue 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference
shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that
is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable.
Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her or its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary
shares. 

Placement
Units 

The
placement units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that (a) the placement units and their component securities will
not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted
transferees, and (b) the placement shares and placement warrants will be entitled to registration rights. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, there were 2,875,000 founder shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held
of record by our initial shareholders. The founder shares held by our initial shareholders will represent at least 20 of our outstanding
ordinary shares immediately following the completion of this offering (excluding any placement units and assuming our initial shareholders
do not purchase any public shares in this offering), with the potential to own as a result of their founder shares in the aggregate up
to 22.96 of the outstanding ordinary shares upon completion of this offering (including the placement shares and assuming our initial
shareholders do not purchase any public shares in this offering) based on certain triggering events. 

Upon
the closing of this offering, 12,980,000 ordinary shares will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option and the corresponding forfeiture of 375,000 founder shares by our sponsor), consisting of: 

10,480,000 ordinary shares
 underlying the units being offered in this offering and the placement units; and 

2,500,000 Class B ordinary
 shares held by our initial shareholders and representative. 

Shareholders
of record are entitled to one vote for each share held (on an as-converted to Class A ordinary shares basis) on all matters to be voted
on by shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the
appointment of directors. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder
shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may be amended only by approval of the holders of at least 90 of the outstanding founder shares. With respect to any
other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except
as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share
entitling the holder to one vote for each share held (on an as-converted to Class A ordinary shares basis). 

Unless
specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies
Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve
any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve
for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to
the election of directors, meaning, following our initial business combination that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted
for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and
if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the initial business
combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of
directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, meaning, following
our initial business combination that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all
of the directors. However, only holders of founder shares
 will have the right to appoint directors in any election held prior to or in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any
directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends
when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual
or general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors
may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial
business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay taxes and
if needed dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.15 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. 

The
redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our
sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate
the initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction
with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial
business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. 

2 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules.
If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval
of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against
such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will
have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares)
for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment
if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect
to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered
into with us, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in the event that only the minimum
number of shares representing a quorum is present at a shareholders meeting held to vote on our initial business combination,
in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares and placement shares, we would need 265,001, or 2.7 , of the 10,000,000
public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against,
or abstain from voting on, the proposed transaction or abstained from voting. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not completed an initial business combination within the
period to consummate the initial business combination, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay taxes and if needed dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under the Companies Act to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and members of our management team have entered into
letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial
business combination. However, if our sponsor or members of our management team acquire public shares in or after this offering, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time period. 

3 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per unit price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay taxes and if needed dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares,
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares and Placement Shares 

The
founder shares and placement shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in this offering, and
holders of founder shares and placement shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares
and placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with
respect to any founder shares, placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, placement shares, and public shares in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) modify the
substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this
offering (subject to two three-month extensions of time by depositing into the trust account for each three month extension 1,000,000,
or 1,150,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.10 per unit in either case) or (ii) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (C) to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or placement shares held by them
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (subject to two three-month
extensions of time), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are Class B ordinary
shares that will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described herein and (iv) are entitled to registration rights.
If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
(and its permitted transferees will agree) pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares
purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. 

In
the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial
business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, approximately 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of
this offering (without giving effect to the private placement and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), plus the
total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued to our sponsor,
officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a
less than one for one basis. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our founder shares at the time of
any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. 

4 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special
resolution approved by the holders of at least 90 of the outstanding founder shares . With
respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination,
except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with
each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Preference
shares 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that those preference
shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if
any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations
and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval,
issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of
the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder
approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management.
We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares,
we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares are being issued or registered in this offering. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members and a statement of the shares held by each member, which: 

distinguishes
 each share by its number (so long as the share has a number); 

confirms
 the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member; 

confirms
 the number and category of shares held by each member; and 

confirms
 whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company,
 and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

For
these purposes, voting rights means rights conferred on shareholders in respect of their shares to vote at general meetings
of the company on all or substantially all matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to record and give effect to
the issuance of shares by us to the custodian or its nominee. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded
in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. 

If
the name of any person is incorrectly entered in or omitted from our register of members, or if there is any default or unnecessary delay
in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a shareholder of our company, the person or shareholder aggrieved
(or any shareholder of our company or our company itself) may apply to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for an order that the register
be rectified, and the Court may either refuse such application or it may, if satisfied of the justice of the case, make an order for
the rectification of the register. 

5 

Public
Shareholders Warrants 

No
warrants are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the effective date
of this registration statement and the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. 

However,
no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such Class A ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective
within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such
exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis. 

In
the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A
ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y)
the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the Class
A ordinary shares for the five (5) trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on
the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

The
placement warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional units we issue to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders
or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, are identical to the warrants underlying the units offered in our
initial public offering. 

We
may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, 

at any time
 after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon not less than 30 days 
 prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder 

if, and only if, the reported
 last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends,
 reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants
 become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there
 is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then- prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

6 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last
sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to
cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus filed in connection with our initial public offering, or to cure,
correct or supplement any defective provision, or (ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising
under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not
adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of the warrants. The warrant agreement requires the approval, by written consent
or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the
interests of the registered holders. 

The
exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except
as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise
prices. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our
sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by them prior to such issuance),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued
Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be
able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors - Our warrant agreement will designate the
courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company . This exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits
brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United
States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

7 

Placement
Units 

The
placement units (and underlying placement shares and placement warrants) are identical to the units and warrants sold in this offering
e xcept as described below. The placement warrants (including
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other things, to our officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with our sponsor). Permitted transferees of the founder shares held by our
sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and directors would be subject to the same restrictions. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The units would be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business
combination, any warrants underlying such units would not be able to be voted on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection
with such business combination. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial
business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to
a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase or decrease the size of the
offering we may effect a share dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect
to our founder shares immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial
shareholders at 20.0 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the placement units and the underlying securities and
assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering) upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company in its role as transfer agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees
against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims
and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

8 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements 

In
certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman
Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a)
a special resolution (usually a majority of 66-2/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of
each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association.
No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued
shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security
interest of a constituent company must be obtained unless the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands waives such requirement. If the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have
been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not
intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted
by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or
waived, (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company,
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the
laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. 

9 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by
the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder
such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the
date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand
Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders
with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any,
to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list
filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting
shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an
open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration
for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated
company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances,
schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly
referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger
was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent seventy-five percent
in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy
at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must
be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the
view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not
 proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been
 complied with; 

the shareholders have been
 fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such
 as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not
 one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud
 on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four
months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms
of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence
of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an
operating business. 

10 

Shareholders 
Suits 

The
Cayman Islands Grand Court Rules allow shareholders to seek leave to bring derivative actions in the name of the company against wrongdoers.
In most cases, we will normally be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example)
our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English
authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to
the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is
 acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of,
 although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have
 actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company
 are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities 

The
Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands would
(i) recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, impose liabilities against
us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman
Islands would recognize as a valid judgment, a final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in the federal or state courts
of the United States against our company under which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple
damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty) or, in certain circumstances, an in personam
 judgment for non-monetary relief, and would give a judgment based thereon provided that (a) such courts had proper jurisdiction over
the parties subject to such judgment, (b) such courts did not contravene the rules of natural justice of the Cayman Islands, (c) such
judgment was not obtained by fraud, (d) the enforcement of the judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of the Cayman Islands,
(e) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of the Cayman
Islands, and (f) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies 

We
are an exempted company with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as members of the company, for liabilities
of the company over and above the amount paid for their shares) under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary
resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside
of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the
same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and: 

annual reporting
 requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside of the Cayman
 Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an exempted company s
 register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does
 not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may
 issue negotiable or bearer shares or shares with no par value; 

11 

an exempted
 company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years
 in the first instance); 

an exempted company may
 register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may
 register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may
 register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

The
Business Combination Article of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide
certain rights and protections relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination.
These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special
resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles
of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution
as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written
resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any
special resolutions require approval by at least two-thirds of our shareholders (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman
Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our
initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own 22.96 of our outstanding ordinary shares upon the closing of this offering
(including the placement shares and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if we are unable
 to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (subject to two three-month extensions
 of time), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
 than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up
 to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
 completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
 if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
 and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman
 Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; 

prior to our initial business
 combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account
 or (ii) vote on our initial business combination; 

although we do not intend
 to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we
 are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will
 obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is
 fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on
 our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal
 reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender
 offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act; 

12 

if our shareholders
 approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of
 our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
 we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (subject to two three-month
 extensions of time) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
 combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary
 shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the
 number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and 

we will not effectuate
 our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked
securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to
forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of this offering, in order to, among other
reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but,
provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles
of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend
any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor
our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money
Laundering-Cayman Islands 

In
order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money
laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity, the identity of their beneficial owners/controllers
and source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering
procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person. 

We
reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases, the directors may
be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision)
of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the Regulations ). Depending on the circumstances of each
application, a detailed verification of identity might not be required. 

We
also reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment
to such shareholder may be non-compliant with applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations, or if such refusal is considered
necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable jurisdiction. If any person resident
in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal
conduct or is involved with terrorism or terrorist property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention
in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to
report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime
Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer
of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman
Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will not be treated
as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

13 

Cayman
Islands Data Protection 

Data
Protection - Cayman Islands - Privacy Notice 

This
privacy notice explains the manner in which the Company collects, processes and maintains personal data about investors of the Company
pursuant to the Data Protection Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to time and any regulations, codes of practice
or orders promulgated pursuant thereto (the DPA ). 

The
Company is committed to processing personal data in accordance with the DPA. In its use of personal data, the Company will be characterized
under the DPA as a data controller, whilst certain of the Company s service providers, affiliates and delegates may
act as data processors under the DPA. These service providers may process personal information for their own lawful purposes
in connection with services provided to the Company. 

By
virtue of making an investment in the Company, the Company and certain of the Company s service providers may collect, record,
store, transfer and otherwise process personal data by which individuals may be directly or indirectly identified. 

Your
personal data will be processed fairly and for lawful purposes, including (a) where the processing is necessary for the Company to perform
a contract to which you are a party or for taking pre-contractual steps at your request (b) where the processing is necessary for compliance
with any legal, tax or regulatory obligation to which the Company is subject or (c) where the processing is for the purposes of legitimate
interests pursued by the Company or by a service provider to whom the data are disclosed. As a data controller, we will only use your
personal data for the purposes for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will contact
you. 

We
anticipate that we will share your personal data with the Company s service providers for the purposes set out in this privacy
notice. We may also share relevant personal data where it is lawful to do so and necessary to comply with our contractual obligations
or your instructions or where it is necessary or desirable to do so in connection with any regulatory reporting obligations. In exceptional
circumstances, we will share your personal data with regulatory, prosecuting and other governmental agencies or departments, and parties
to litigation (whether pending or threatened), in any country or territory including to any other person where we have a public or legal
duty to do so (e.g. to assist with detecting and preventing fraud, tax evasion and financial crime or compliance with a court order). 

Your
personal data shall not be held by the Company for longer than necessary with regard to the purposes of the data processing. We will
not sell your personal data. Any transfer of personal data outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements
of the DPA. Where necessary, we will ensure that separate and appropriate legal agreements are put in place with the recipient of that
data. The Company will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data
and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation to your investment into the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should inform such individuals of the
content. 

You
have certain rights under the DPA, including (a) the right to be informed as to how we collect and use your personal data (and this privacy
notice fulfils the Company s obligation in this respect) (b) the right to obtain a copy of your personal data (c) the right to
require us to stop direct marketing (d) the right to have inaccurate or incomplete personal data corrected (e) the right to withdraw
your consent and require us to stop processing or restrict the processing, or not begin the processing of your personal data (f) the
right to be notified of a data breach (unless the breach is unlikely to be prejudicial) (g) the right to obtain information as to any
countries or territories outside the Cayman Islands to which we, whether directly or indirectly, transfer, intend to transfer or wish
to transfer your personal data, general measures we take to ensure the security of personal data and any information available to us
as to the source of your personal data (h) the right to complain to the Office of the Ombudsman of the Cayman Islands and (i) the right
to require us to delete your personal data in some limited circumstances. 

14 

If
you consider that your personal data has not been handled correctly, or you are not satisfied with the Company s responses to any
requests you have made regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to complain to the Cayman Islands Ombudsman.
The Ombudsman can be contacted by calling +1 (345) 946-6283 or by email at info@ombudsman.ky. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes
of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest
at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future
issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise
additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary
shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain requirements and restrictions
relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be
amended without the approval of a special resolution, being a resolution of a duly constituted general meeting of the Company that is
passed by a majority of two thirds of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, the shareholders entitled to vote thereon. Our initial shareholders
and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own 22.96 of our outstanding ordinary shares upon the closing
of this offering (including the placement shares and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they
choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have
 not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, we will (i) cease
 all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter,
 redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less
 up to 100,000 of interest to pay taxes and if needed dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations
 under the Companies Act to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection
 with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
 funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders
 prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend
 to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers,
 we are not prohibited from doing so, and in the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting
 firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

15 

Furthermore,
 in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors would be
 involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction; 

If a shareholder vote on
 our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder
 vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
 Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially
 the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
 14A of the Exchange Act; 

In accordance with Nasdaq
 rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
 value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust
 and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve
 an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our
 obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
 not complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, or with respect to
 any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public
 shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
 in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay taxes and
 if needed, dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
 herein; and 

We will not effectuate
 our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

Advance
notice requirements for shareholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our shareholders who are seeking to bring business before our
annual meeting of shareholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders, must provide
timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a shareholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary
at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the
120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange
Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a shareholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our shareholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of shareholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of shareholders. 

Classified
board of directors 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be divided into three classes, Class
I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to
the terms of any preference shares, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by
the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement
of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

Class
B Ordinary Shares Consent Right 

For
so long as any founder shares remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or voting separately as a single class, amend, alter
or repeal any provision of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise,
if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or
special rights of the founder shares. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of our founder shares
may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action
so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding founder shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would
be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all founder shares were present and voted. 

16 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Tek Che Ng, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 February 28, 2023 

/s/
 Tek Che Ng 

Tek
 Che Ng 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Chow Wing Loke, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual
 report on Form 10-K of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
 this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant
 to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: February
 28, 2023 

/s/
 Chow Wing Loke 

Chow Wing Loke 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K
for the period ended November 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Tek Che Ng,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/
 Tek Che Ng 

Tek Che Ng 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Technology Telecommunication Acquisition Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K
for the period ended November 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Chow Wing
Loke, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: February 28, 2023 

/s/ Chow
 Wing Loke 

Chow Wing Loke 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tete-20221130.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tete-20221130_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tete-20221130_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tete-20221130_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

