<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_886136_0001558370-23-004013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12261749</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>788926</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1651699</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4805150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1725648</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2964404</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004013.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316160618
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SAGA COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000886136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				383042953
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11588
		FILM NUMBER:		23738784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		73 KERCHEVAL AVE
		CITY:			GROSSE POINTE FARMS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48236
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3138867070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		73 KERCHEVAL AVE
		CITY:			GROSSE POINTE FARMS
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48236

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004013.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 sga-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form (Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from_________________________ to_______________________________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered , .01 par value Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Aggregate market value of the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock (assuming conversion thereof into Class A Common Stock) held by nonaffiliates of the registrant, computed on the basis of the closing price of the Class A Common Stock on June 30, 2022 on the NASDAQ: . The number of shares of the registrant s Class A Common Stock, .01 par value outstanding as of March 3, 2023 was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year) are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. 

Table of Contents 
 Saga Communications, Inc. 2022 Form 10-K Annual Report Table of Contents 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 28 Item 2. Properties 29 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 31 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 43 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 44 Item 9B. Other Information 46 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11. Executive Compensation 46 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 46 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 46 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 46 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 47 Signatures 84 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, words such as believes, anticipates, estimates, plans, expects , guidance, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are made as of the date of this report or as otherwise indicated, based on current expectations. We undertake no obligation to update this information. A number of important factors could cause our actual results for 2023 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and that may cause our actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may affect our performance, which are described in Item 1A of this report, include our financial leverage and debt service requirements, dependence on key personnel, dependence on key stations, global, U.S. and local economic conditions, our ability to successfully integrate acquired stations, regulatory requirements, new technologies, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, information technology and cybersecurity failures and data security breaches. We cannot be sure that we will be able to anticipate or respond timely to changes in any of these factors, which could adversely affect the operating results in one or more fiscal quarters. Results of operations in any past period should not be considered, in and of itself, indicative of the results to be expected for future periods. Fluctuations in operating results may also result in fluctuations in the price of our stock. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business We are a broadcast company primarily engaged in acquiring, developing and operating broadcast properties. As of February 28, 2023, we owned seventy-nine FM, thirty-four AM radio stations and eighty metro signals serving twenty-seven markets. Our principal executive offices are located at 73 Kercheval, Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan 48236. We are a Florida corporation, reorganized in 2020. We were originally a Delaware corporation that was organized in 1986. During 2022, our founder and Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Edward K. Christian passed away. As of the date of his passing, Mr. Christian held approximately 65 of the combined voting power of the Company s Common Stock. His passing resulted in the conversion of his Class B Shares into Class A Shares that were transferred to an estate planning trust that now owns approximately 16 of the common stock outstanding. We were also required to make certain payments to his estate as outlined in his employment agreement. Strategy Our strategy is to operate top billing radio stations in mid-sized markets, which we define as markets ranked from 20 to 200 out of the markets summarized by Investing in Radio Market Report. Programming and marketing are key components in our strategy to achieve top ratings in our radio operations. In many of our markets, the three or four most highly rated radio stations receive a disproportionately high share of the market s advertising revenues. As a result, a station s revenue is dependent upon its ability to maximize its number of listeners/viewers within an advertiser s given demographic parameters. In certain cases we use attributes other than specific market listener data for sales activities. In those markets where sufficient alternative data is available, we do not subscribe to an independent listener rating service. The radio stations that we own and/or operate employ a variety of programming formats, including Classic Hits, Adult Hits, Top 40, Country, Country Legends, Mainstream/Hot/Soft Adult Contemporary, Pure Oldies, Classic Rock, and News/Talk. We regularly perform extensive market research, including music evaluations, focus groups and strategic vulnerability studies. Our stations also employ audience promotions to further develop and secure a loyal following. We concentrate on the development of strong decentralized local management, which is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the stations we own and/or operate. We compensate local management based on the station s financial performance, as well as other performance factors that are deemed to affect the long-term ability of the stations to achieve financial performance objectives. Corporate management is responsible for long-range planning, establishing policies and procedures, resource allocation and monitoring the activities of the stations. Under the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the Telecommunications Act ), we are permitted to own up to eight radio stations in a single market. See Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting . We seek to acquire reasonably priced broadcast properties with significant growth potential that are located in markets with well-established and relatively stable economies. We often focus on local economies supported by a strong presence of state or federal government or one or more major universities. Future acquisitions will be subject to the availability of financing, the terms of our credit facility, and compliance with the Communications Act of 1934 (the Communications Act and Federal Communications Commission FCC rules. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Advertising Sales Our primary source of revenue is from the sale of advertising for broadcast on our stations. Depending on the format of a particular radio station, there are a predetermined number of advertisements broadcast each hour. We determine the number of advertisements broadcast hourly that can maximize a station s available revenue dollars without jeopardizing listening/viewing levels. While there may be shifts from time to time in the number of advertisements broadcast during a particular time of the day, the total number of advertisements broadcast on a particular station generally does not vary significantly from year to year. Any change in our revenue, with the exception of those instances where stations are acquired or sold, is generally the result of pricing adjustments, which are made to ensure that the station efficiently utilizes available inventory. Advertising rates charged by radio stations are based primarily on a station s ability to attract audiences in the demographic groups targeted by advertisers, the number of stations in the market competing for the same demographic group, the supply of and demand for radio advertising time, and other qualitative factors including rates charged by competing radio stations within a given market. Radio rates are generally highest during morning and afternoon drive-time hours. Most advertising contracts are short-term, generally running for only a few weeks. This allows broadcasters the ability to modify advertising rates as dictated by changes in station ownership within a market, changes in listener/viewer ratings and changes in the business climate within a particular market. Approximately 108,999,000 or 89 of our gross revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 (approximately 102,367,000 or 89 in fiscal 2021 and approximately 86,562,000 or 84 in fiscal 2020) was generated from the sale of local advertising. Additional revenue is generated from the sale of national advertising, network compensation payments, barter and other miscellaneous transactions. In all of our markets, we attempt to maintain a local sales force that is generally larger than our competitors. The principal goal in our sales efforts is to develop long-standing customer relationships through frequent direct contacts, which we believe represents a competitive advantage. We also typically provide incentives to our sales staff to seek out new opportunities resulting in the establishment of new client relationships, as well as new sources of revenue, not directly associated with the sale of broadcast time. Each of our stations also engages independent national sales representatives to assist us in obtaining national advertising revenues. These representatives obtain advertising through national advertising agencies and receive a commission from us based on our net revenue from the advertising obtained. Total gross revenue resulting from national advertising in fiscal 2022 was approximately 13,657,000 or 11 of our gross revenue (approximately 13,138,000 or 11 in fiscal 2021 and approximately 16,361,000 or 16 in fiscal 2020). Gross national political revenue is included in these numbers. Competition Radio broadcasting is a highly competitive business. Our stations compete for listeners and advertising revenues directly with other radio stations, as well as other media, within their markets. Our radio stations compete for listeners primarily on the basis of program content and by employing on-air talent which appeals to a particular demographic group. By building a strong listener base comprised of a specific demographic group in each of our markets, we are able to attract advertisers seeking to reach these listeners. Other media, including broadcast television and/or radio (as applicable), cable television, newspapers, magazines, direct mail, the Internet, coupons and billboard advertising, also compete with us for advertising revenues. The radio broadcasting industry is also subject to competition from new media technologies, such as the delivery of audio programming by cable and satellite television systems, satellite radio systems, direct reception from satellites, and streaming of audio on the Internet. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Seasonality Our revenue varies throughout the year. Advertising expenditures, our primary source of revenue, is generally lowest in the first quarter. Environmental Compliance As the owner, lessee or operator of various real properties and facilities, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. Historically, compliance with these laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance, however, that compliance with existing or new environmental laws and regulations will not require us to make significant expenditures of funds. Human Capital Resources Our key human capital management objectives are to attract, develop and retain top industry talent that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we broadcast. To support this goal, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare for key roles and leadership positions for the future; reward employees through competitive industry pay, benefits and other programs, instill our culture with a focus on ethical behavior and enhance our employees performance through investment in current technology, tools and training to enable our employees to operate at a high level. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 585 full-time employees and 225 part-time employees, none of whom are represented by unions. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. We employ several high-profile personalities with large loyal audiences in their respective markets. We have entered into employment and non-competition agreements with our President and with most of our on-air personalities, as well as non-competition agreements with our commissioned sales representatives. We are committed to hiring, developing and supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace. Our management teams are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must adhere to a code of conduct that sets standards for appropriate ethical behavior. Available Information You can find more information about us at our Internet website www.sagacom.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting Introduction. The ownership, operation and sale of radio stations, including those licensed to us, are subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC, which acts under authority granted by the Communications Act. Among other things, the FCC assigns frequency bands for broadcasting; determines the particular frequencies, locations and operating power of stations; issues, renews, revokes and modifies station licenses; determines whether to approve changes in ownership or control of station licenses; regulates equipment used by stations; adopts and implements regulations and policies that directly or indirectly affect the ownership, operation and employment practices of stations; and has the power to impose penalties for violations of its rules or the Communications Act. For additional information on the impact of FCC regulations and the introduction of new technologies on our operations, see Forward Looking Statements and Risk Factors contained elsewhere in this report. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act and of specific FCC regulations and policies. Reference should be made to the Communications Act, FCC rules (Title 47 Code of Federal Regulation, Chapter I, Subchapters A and C) and the public notices and rulings of the FCC for further information concerning the nature and extent of federal regulation of broadcast stations. License Renewal. Radio broadcasting licenses are granted for maximum terms of eight years, and are subject to renewal upon application to the FCC. Under its two-step renewal process, the FCC must grant a renewal application if it finds that during the preceding term the licensee has served the public interest, convenience and necessity, and there have been no serious violations of the Communications Act or the FCC s rules which, taken together, would constitute a pattern of abuse. If a renewal applicant fails to meet these standards, the FCC may either deny its application or grant the application on such terms and conditions as are appropriate, including renewal for less than the full 8-year term. In making the determination of whether to renew the license, the FCC may not consider whether the public interest would be served by the grant of a license to a person other than the renewal applicant. If the FCC, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, finds that the licensee has failed to meet the requirements for renewal and no mitigating factors justify the imposition of lesser sanctions, the FCC may issue an order denying the renewal application, and only thereafter may the FCC accept applications for a construction permit specifying the broadcasting facilities of the former licensee. Petitions may be filed to deny the renewal applications of our stations, but any such petitions must raise issues that would cause the FCC to deny a renewal application under the standards adopted in the two-step renewal process. Failure to renew a license could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. Radio station licenses generally expire along with the licenses of all other radio stations in a given state. The FCC accepts renewal applications for various groups of radio stations every two months. The last cycle having begun in June 2019, concluded for the Company s stations in June 2022. All the Company s renewal applications were routinely granted by the FCC. In January 2018 and again in February 2022, the FCC designated the renewal applications of radio stations (not the Company s) for hearing based on the stations records of extended periods of silence during and following their respective license renewal terms. Under the Communications Act, if a broadcast station fails to transmit signals for any consecutive 12-month period, the FCC license expires at the end of that period, unless the FCC exercises its discretion to extend or reinstate the license to promote equity and fairness. The FCC, to date, has rarely exercised such discretion. Further, the FCC has revoked the licenses of broadcast stations that failed to pay regulatory fees. The Company is current in the payment of regulatory fees to the FCC. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth information about our radio stations, including the markets they serve, their format, and the FCC class of each of the broadcast stations that we own or operate with an attributable interest and the date on which each such station s FCC license expires: 

Station FCC Station Expiration Date of Station Market (1) Format Class (2) FCC Authorization FM: WOXL Asheville, NC Hot Adult Contemporary C2 December 1, 2027 WTMT Asheville, NC Classic Rock C2 December 1, 2027 KISM Bellingham, WA Classic Rock C February 1, 2030 KAFE Bellingham, WA Adult Contemporary C February 1, 2030 WRSY Brattleboro, VT Adult Album Alternative A April 1, 2030 WKVT Brattleboro, VT Classic Hits A April 1, 2030 WQEL Bucyrus, OH Classic Rock A October 1, 2028 WLRW Champaign, IL Hot Adult Contemporary B December 1, 2028 WIXY Champaign, IL Country B1 December 1, 2028 WREE Champaign, IL Classic Hits B1 December 1, 2028 WYXY Champaign, IL Classic Country B December 1, 2028 WAVF Charleston, SC Adult Variety Hits C December 1, 2027 WCKN Charleston, SC Country C1 December 1, 2027 WMXZ Charleston, SC Hot Adult Contemporary C2 December 1, 2027 WXST Charleston, SC Urban Adult Contemporary C1 December 1, 2027 WWWV Charlottesville, VA Classic Rock B October 1, 2027 WQMZ Charlottesville, VA Adult Contemporary A October 1, 2027 WCNR Charlottesville, VA Adult Album Alternative A October 1, 2027 WCVL Charlottesville, VA Country A October 1, 2027 WCVQ Clarksville, TN/Hopkinsville, KY Hot Adult Contemporary C1 August 1, 2028 WZZP Clarksville, TN/Hopkinsville, KY Rock A August 1, 2028 WVVR Clarksville, TN/Hopkinsville, KY Country C0 August 1, 2028 WRND Clarksville, TN/Hopkinsville, KY Classic Hits A August 1, 2028 WSNY Columbus, OH Adult Contemporary B October 1, 2028 WNNP Columbus, OH Classic Hits A October 1, 2028 WNND Columbus, OH Classic Hits A October 1, 2028 WVMX Columbus, OH Hot Adult Contemporary A October 1, 2028 WLVQ Columbus, OH Classic Rock B October 1, 2028 KSTZ Des Moines, IA Hot Adult Contemporary C February 1, 2029 KIOA Des Moines, IA Classic Hits C1 February 1, 2029 KAZR Des Moines, IA Rock C1 February 1, 2029 KOEZ Des Moines, IA Soft Adult Contemporary C1 February 1, 2029 WHAI Greenfield, MA Adult Contemporary A April 1, 2030 WPVQ Greenfield, MA Country A April 1, 2030 WMQR Harrisonburg, VA Adult Contemporary B1 October 1, 2027 WQPO Harrisonburg, VA Contemporary Hits B October 1, 2027 WSIG Harrisonburg, VA Classic Country B1 October 1, 2027 WWRE Harrisonburg, VA Classic Hits A October 1, 2027 WOEZ Hilton Head Island, SC Soft Adult Contemporary C3 December 1, 2027 WLHH Hilton Head Island, SC Adult Contemporary C3 December 1, 2027 WVSC Hilton Head Island, SC Adult Variety Hits C3 December 1, 2027 WYXL Ithaca, NY Adult Contemporary B June 1, 2030 WQNY Ithaca, NY Country B June 1, 2030 WIII Ithaca, NY Classic Rock B June 1, 2030 WFIZ Ithaca, NY Contemporary Hits A June 1, 2030 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Station FCC Station Expiration Date of Station Market (1) Format Class (2) FCC Authorization KEGI Jonesboro, AR Classic Rock C2 June 1, 2028 KDXY Jonesboro, AR Country C3 June 1, 2028 KJBX Jonesboro, AR Hot Adult Contemporary C3 June 1, 2028 WKNE Keene, NH Hot Adult Contemporary B April 1, 2030 WSNI Keene, NH Adult Contemporary A April 1, 2030 WINQ Keene, NH Country A April 1, 2030 WZID Manchester, NH Adult Contemporary B April 1, 2030 WMLL Manchester, NH Classic Rock A April 1, 2030 WKLH Milwaukee, WI Classic Rock B December 1, 2028 WHQG Milwaukee, WI Rock B December 1, 2028 WRXS Milwaukee, WI Oldies A December 1, 2028 WJMR Milwaukee, WI Urban Adult Contemporary A December 1, 2028 KMIT Mitchell, SD Country C1 April 1, 2029 KUQL Mitchell, SD Classic Hits C1 April 1, 2029 WNOR Norfolk, VA Rock B October 1, 2027 WAFX Norfolk, VA Classic Rock C October 1, 2027 WOGK Ocala, FL Country C0 February 1, 2028 WYND Ocala, FL Classic Rock A February 1, 2028 WNDD Ocala, FL Classic Rock A February 1, 2028 WNDN Ocala, FL Classic Rock A February 1, 2028 WRSI Northampton, MA Adult Album Alternative A April 1, 2030 WPOR Portland, ME Country B April 1, 2030 WCLZ Portland, ME Adult Album Alternative B April 1, 2030 WMGX Portland, ME Hot Adult Contemporary B April 1, 2030 WYNZ Portland, ME Classic Hits B1 April 1, 2030 KICD Spencer, IA Country C1 February 1, 2029 KMRR Spencer, IA Adult Contemporary C3 February 1, 2029 WLZX Springfield, MA Rock A April 1, 2030 WAQY Springfield, MA Classic Rock B April 1, 2030 WYMG Springfield, IL Classic Rock B December 1, 2028 WLFZ Springfield, IL Country B December 1, 2028 WDBR Springfield, IL Contemporary Hits B December 1, 2028 WTAX Springfield, IL News/Talk B1 December 1, 2028 WNAX Yankton, SD Country C1 April 1, 2029 AM: WISE Asheville, NC Sports/Talk B December 1, 2027 WYSE Asheville, NC Sports/Talk D December 1, 2027 KGMI Bellingham, WA News/Talk B February 1, 2030 KPUG Bellingham, WA Sports/Talk B February 1, 2030 KBAI Bellingham, WA Classic Hits B February 1, 2030 WINQ Brattleboro, VT Country C April 1, 2030 WBCO Bucyrus, OH Classic Country D October 1, 2028 WSPO Charleston, SC Gospel B December 1, 2027 WINA Charlottesville, VA News/Talk B October 1, 2027 WVAX Charlottesville, VA Sports/Talk C October 1, 2027 WQEZ Clarksville, TN/Hopkinsville, KY Soft Adult Contemporary D August 1, 2028 WKFN Clarksville, TN Sports/Talk D August 1, 2028 WNZE Clarksville, TN News/Talk C August 1, 2028 KRNT Des Moines, IA Sports/Talk B February 1, 2029 KPSZ Des Moines, IA Christian B February 1, 2029 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Station FCC Station Expiration Date of Station Market (1) Format Class (2) FCC Authorization WHMQ Greenfield, MA News/Talk C April 1, 2030 WIZZ Greenfield, MA Oldies D April 1, 2030 WSVA Harrisonburg, VA News/Talk B October 1, 2027 WHBG Harrisonburg, VA Sports/Talk D October 1, 2027 WHCU Ithaca, NY News/Talk B June 1, 2030 WNYY Ithaca, NY Oldies B June 1, 2030 WKBK Keene, NH News/Talk B April 1, 2030 WZBK Keene, NH Classic Hits D April 1, 2030 WFEA Manchester, NH News/Talk B April 1, 2030 WJOI Milwaukee, WI Christian C December 1, 2028 WHMP Northampton, MA News/Talk C April 1, 2030 WGAN Portland, ME News/Talk B April 1, 2030 WZAN Portland, ME Classic Country B April 1, 2030 WBAE Portland, ME Soft Adult Contemporary C April 1, 2030 WVAE Portland, ME Soft Adult Contemporary C April 1, 2030 KICD Spencer, IA News/Talk C February 1, 2029 WLZX Springfield, MA Rock D April 1, 2030 WTAX Springfield, IL News/Talk C December 1, 2028 WNAX Yankton, SD News/Talk B April 1, 2029 

 (1) Some stations are licensed to a different community located within the market that they serve. (2) In order of increasing power, AM stations are classified as: Class D, C, B or A. (See Title 47 C.F.R. 73.21 for a definition of AM station class information, including operating power.) In order of increasing power and antenna height, FM stations are classified as: Class A, B1, C3, B, C2, C1, C0 or C. (See Title 47 C.F.R. 73.210 for a definition of FM station class information, including effective radiated power [ ERP ] and antenna height.) WISE, KPSZ, KPUG, KGMI, KBAI, WNYY, WHCU, WINQ(AM) and WSVA operate with lower power at night than during daytime. WYSE, WBCO, WQEZ, WKFN, WHBG, WZBK and WLZX(AM) are Class D stations that operate daytime only or with greatly reduced power at night. 
 Ownership Matters. The Communications Act prohibits the assignment of a broadcast license or the transfer of control of a broadcast licensee without the prior approval of the FCC. In determining whether to grant or renew a broadcast license, the FCC considers a number of factors pertaining to the licensee, including compliance with the Communications Act s limitations on alien ownership; compliance with various rules limiting common ownership of broadcast, cable and newspaper properties; and the character and other qualifications of the licensee and those persons holding attributable or cognizable interests therein. Under the Communications Act (Section 310(b)), broadcast licenses may not be granted to any corporation having more than one-fifth of its issued and outstanding capital stock owned or voted by aliens (including non-U.S. corporations), foreign governments or their representatives (collectively, Aliens ). The Communications Act also prohibits a corporation, without FCC waiver, from holding a broadcast license if that corporation is controlled, directly or indirectly, by another corporation in which more than 25 of the issued and outstanding capital stock is owned or voted by Aliens. The FCC has issued interpretations of existing law under which these restrictions in modified form apply to other forms of business organizations, including partnerships. We serve as a holding company for our various radio station subsidiaries (and as such we cannot have more than 25 of our stock owned or voted by Aliens). The FCC has adopted rules to extend to broadcast licensees the same rules and procedures that common carrier wireless licensees use to seek approval for foreign ownership, with broadcast-specific modifications. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 The rules and procedures allow a broadcast licensee to request in a petition for declaratory ruling under Title 47 U.S.C. Section 310(b)(4): (1) approval of up to and including 100 percent aggregate foreign ownership of its controlling U.S. parent; (2) approval for a proposed, controlling foreign investor to increase its equity and/or voting interests in the U.S. parent up to and including 100 percent at some future time without filing a new petition this applies where the foreign investor would acquire an initial controlling interest of less than 100 percent; and (3) approval for a non-controlling foreign investor named in the petition to increase its equity and/or voting interests in the U.S. parent at some future time, up to and including a non-controlling 49.99 percent equity and/or voting interest. 
 The rules require the Company to seek specific approval only of foreign individuals or entities with a greater than 5 percent ownership interest (or, in certain situations, an interest greater than 10 percent). The rules allow broadcast licensees that have foreign ownership rulings to apply those rulings to all radio and television broadcast licenses then held or subsequently proposed to be acquired by the same licensee and its covered subsidiaries and affiliates, regardless of the broadcast service (e.g., AM, FM, or TV) or the geographic area in which the stations are located. The methodology provides a framework for a publicly traded licensee or controlling U.S. parent to ascertain its foreign ownership using information that is known or reasonably should be known to the company in the ordinary course of business. For publicly traded licensees and U.S. parent companies (like the Company), the rules formalize the current equitable practice of recognizing a licensee s good faith efforts to comply with Section 310(b) where the non-compliance was due solely to circumstances beyond the licensee s control that were not known or reasonably foreseeable to the licensee. We are permitted to own an unlimited number of radio stations on a nationwide basis (subject to the local ownership restrictions described below). Under the rules, the number of radio stations one party may own in a local Nielsen Audio-rated radio market is determined by the number of full-power commercial and noncommercial educational NCE radio stations in the market as determined by Nielsen Audio and BIA Advisory Services, LLC d/b/a BIA/Kelsey. Radio markets that are not Nielsen Audio rated are determined by analysis of the broadcast coverage contours of the radio stations involved. Under the Communications Act, and the FCC s Local Radio Ownership Rule, we are permitted to own radio stations (without regard to the audience shares of the stations) based upon the number of full-power commercial and NCE radio stations in the relevant radio market as follows: 

Number of Stations In Radio Market Number of Stations We Can Own 14 or Fewer Total of 5 stations, not more than 3 in the same service (AM or FM), except the Company cannot own more than 50 of the stations in the market. 15-29 Total of 6 stations, not more than 4 in the same service (AM or FM). 30-44 Total of 7 stations, not more than 4 in the same service (AM or FM). 45 or More Total of 8 stations, not more than 5 in the same service (AM or FM). 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The FCC s 2010/2014 Quadrennial Review Order on Reconsideration , 32 FCC Rcd 9802 (2017), modified the FCC s media ownership rules by: (1) eliminating the newspaper/broadcast cross-ownership and radio/television cross-ownership rules; (2) revising the local television ownership rule by eliminating the eight voices test and permitting applicants to seek the combination of two top-four ranked stations in a given market on a case-by-case basis; and (3) deeming joint sales agreements between television stations to be non-attributable. In FCC v. Prometheus Radio Project, 141 S. Ct. 1150 (2021), the U. S. Supreme Court reversed a decision of the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit which had vacated the FCC s 2017 order. The FCC is required by the Telecommunications Act of 1996 to review its media ownership rules every four years to determine whether they remain necessary in the public interest as the result of competition. On December 12, 2018, the FCC adopted a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking NPRM to initiate the 2018 Quadrennial Review proceeding. On June 4, 2021, the FCC released a Public Notice seeking to refresh the record in the 2018 Quadrennial Review proceeding. That proceeding remains pending. On December 22, 2022, the FCC s Media Bureau released a Public Notice commencing the 2022 Quadrennial Review of the FCC s media ownership rules. Although they remain subject to the ongoing 2018 Quadrennial Review proceeding, the three rules currently in place and subject to the 2022 review are the Local Radio Ownership Rule and the Local Television Ownership Rule which limit ownership by a single entity of broadcast radio or television stations in local markets respectively and the Dual Network Rule, which effectively prohibits mergers among the Big Four broadcast television networks (ABC, CBS, Fox, and NBC). In the context of these three rules, as with prior reviews, the FCC is seeking information regarding the media marketplace, including ongoing trends or developments (e.g., consolidation, technological innovation, or the emergence of new video or audio options for consumers). The Company cannot predict whether the FCC will adopt new or revise existing media ownership rules. New rules that could be promulgated under the Communications Act may permit us to own, operate, control or have a cognizable interest in additional radio broadcast stations if the FCC determines that such ownership, operation, control or cognizable interest will result in an increase in the number of radio stations in operation. No firm date has been established for initiation of this rule-making proceeding. New rules could restrict the Company s ability to acquire additional radio and television stations in some markets. The Court and FCC proceedings are ongoing and we cannot predict what action, if any, the Court or the FCC may take to further modify its rules. Due to changes in local radio markets, the ownership of some of our radio stations, in the future, could exceed the current ownership limits imposed by the Local Radio Ownership Rule. Their current ownership structure is grandfathered by the FCC. Absent a waiver, it might not be possible to sell all of them as currently configured in clusters to a single purchaser. The statements herein are based solely on the FCC s multiple ownership rules in effect as of the date hereof and do not include any forward-looking statements concerning compliance with any future multiple ownership rules. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 All commercial broadcasters are required to file a biennial ownership report, the next report due by December 1, 2023, describing the ownership of their stations as of October 1, 2023. The FCC eliminated the prior requirement to file with the FCC paper copies of certain agreements, corporate organization documents, and the like. Instead, a broadcaster is required to upload copies of these documents to the station s online public inspection file OPIF ), or provide a list of such documents and make them available to a requesting party. The FCC generally applies its ownership limits to attributable interests held by an individual, corporation, partnership or other association. In the case of corporations holding broadcast licenses, the interests of officers, directors and those who, directly or indirectly, have the right to vote 5 or more of the corporation s stock (or 20 or more of such stock in the case of certain passive investors that are holding stock for investment purposes only) are generally attributable, as are positions of an officer or director of a corporate parent of a broadcast licensee. Currently, none of our directors has an attributable interest or interests in companies applying for or licensed to operate broadcast stations other than the Company. The FCC s ownership attribution rules (a) apply to limited liability companies and registered limited liability partnerships the same attribution rules that the FCC applies to limited partnerships; and (b) include an equity/debt plus EDP rule that attributes the other media interests of an otherwise passive investor if the investor is (1) a major-market program supplier that supplies over 15 of a station s total weekly broadcast programming hours, or (2) a same-market media entity subject to the FCC s multiple ownership rules (including broadcasters, cable operators and newspapers) so that its interest in a licensee or other media entity in that market will be attributed if that interest, aggregating both debt and equity holdings, exceeds 33 of the total asset value (equity plus debt) of the licensee or media entity. We could be prohibited from acquiring a financial interest in stations in markets where application of the EDP rule would result in us having an attributable interest in the stations. In addition to the FCC s multiple ownership rules, the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and some state governments have the authority to examine proposed transactions for compliance with antitrust statutes and guidelines. The Antitrust Division has issued civil investigative demands and obtained consent decrees requiring the divestiture of stations in a particular market based on antitrust concerns. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Programming and Operation. The Communications Act requires broadcasters to serve the public interest. Licensees are required to present programming that is responsive to community problems, needs and interests and to maintain certain records demonstrating such responsiveness. Complaints from listeners concerning a station s programming often will be considered by the FCC when it evaluates renewal applications of a licensee, although such complaints may be filed at any time and generally may be considered by the FCC at any time. Stations also must follow various rules promulgated under the Communications Act that regulate, among other things, political advertising, sponsorship identification, the advertisement of contests and lotteries, obscene and indecent broadcasts, and technical operations, including limits on radio frequency radiation. In 2020, the FCC entered into a Consent Decree with Sinclair Broadcast Group, which agreed to pay a 48 million dollar fine to settle issues related to sponsorship identification violations, among other matters. The FCC also entered into a Consent Decree with Cumulus Radio to settle violations of the sponsorship identification requirements in connection with the broadcast of issue ads promoting a construction project in New Hampshire. There are other examples of FCC enforcement action for violation of the sponsorship identification requirements. A licensee that broadcasts or advertises information about a contest it conducts must fully and accurately disclose the material terms of the contest, and conduct the contest substantially as announced or advertised over the air or on the Internet. The disclosure of material terms must be made by either periodic disclosures broadcast on the station or written disclosures on the station s Internet web site. Violation of the rule can result in significant fines. In 2020, the FCC fined a broadcaster 5,200 for failing to conduct its contests as advertised by failing to award prizes in a timely manner. Another licensee entered into a Consent Decree with the FCC, paying a fine of 125,000 for, among other things, predetermining the outcome of a contest. The FCC requires the owners of antenna supporting structures (towers) to register them with the FCC. As an owner of such towers, our subsidiaries are subject to the registration requirements. On January 13, 2020, the FCC released an Order confirming a Consent Decree whereby the owner of several antenna structures agreed to pay the government a civil penalty of 1,130,000 and develop a Compliance Plan requiring reports for two years as a result of (1) failing to conduct required daily inspections of the lighting systems at 10 towers, (2) failing to completely log lighting failures at 7 towers, and (3) failing to timely notify the FCC of its acquisition of 2 towers. In 2017, the FCC eliminated the broadcast main studio rule. The FCC retained the requirement that stations maintain a local or toll-free telephone number to ensure consumers have ready access to their local stations. The FCC s rules require cable operators, direct satellite TV providers, broadcast radio licensees, and satellite radio licensees to post public inspection files to the FCC s online database (the OPIF referred to above) rather than maintaining them in a local public inspection file. The FCC believes posting these files to the OPIF renders the materials more widely accessible to the public. The Company s radio stations post their public inspection files to the FCC s website. The FCC has warned licensees of possible enforcement action if these files are found not to be in compliance at the time of license renewal. Because of inadvertent untimely posting to the OPIF of certain political records at stations owned by one of the Company s subsidiaries, that subsidiary was obliged to enter into a Consent Decree with the FCC (FCC Order , DA 20-1263, released October 26, 2020). The Consent Decree required Company employees responsible for performing, supervising, overseeing, or managing activities related to the maintenance of online political files to thoroughly understand the Company s obligation to comply with laws regulating political broadcasting and to promptly report to the FCC any noncompliance with those laws. The affected subsidiary filed a report with the FCC on December 8, 2021, regarding its record of compliance with the political laws and the Company s obligations under the Consent Decree terminated as of February 7, 2022. The FCC in 2020 revised its rules governing the publication of local notice of the filing of certain broadcast applications. FCC licensees, like the Company s subsidiaries, must maintain a tab on their station websites where the public can view the OPIF and a tab where notices describing pending applications must be posted, rather than printing such notices in local newspapers. The Company is required to pay (1) FCC filing fees in connection with its applications and (2) annual regulatory fees determined by the number and character of the radio stations the Company owns as of October 1 of each prior year. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Rules. Equal employment opportunity (EEO) rules and policies for broadcasters prohibit discrimination by broadcasters and multichannel video programming distributors. They also require broadcasters to provide notice of job vacancies and to undertake additional outreach measures, such as job fairs and scholarship programs. The rules mandate a three prong outreach program; i.e., Prong 1: widely disseminate information concerning each full-time (30 hours or more) job vacancy, except for vacancies filled in exigent circumstances; Prong 2: provide notice of each full-time job vacancy to recruitment organizations that have requested such notice; and Prong 3: complete two (for broadcast employment units with five to ten full-time employees or that are located in smaller markets) or four (for employment units with more than ten full-time employees located in larger markets) longer-term recruitment initiatives within a two-year period. These include, for example, job fairs, scholarship and internship programs, and other community events designed to inform the public as to employment opportunities in broadcasting. The rules mandate extensive record keeping and reporting requirements. In 2017, the FCC issued a Declaratory Ruling permitting broadcast stations to use the internet for job postings as their sole means of recruiting employees (so long as the postings reach all segments of the station s community). The EEO rules are enforced through review at renewal time, and through random audits and targeted investigations resulting from information received as to possible violations. The FCC has not yet decided on whether and how to apply the EEO rule to part-time positions. Failure to observe these or other rules and policies can result in the imposition of various sanctions, including monetary forfeitures, the grant of short (less than the full eight-year) renewal terms or, for particularly egregious violations, the denial of a license renewal application or the revocation of a license. As announced in an NPRM released June 21, 2019 (MB Docket No. 19-177), the FCC is reviewing the EEO rules. In the NPRM, the FCC seeks comment on its track record on EEO enforcement, whether the agency should make improvements to EEO compliance and enforcement, and invites comment on its audit program. In a Further NPRM (MB Docket No. 98-204), released July 23, 2021, the FCC sought to refresh the existing record regarding the statutorily mandated collection of data on the FCC Form 395-B, as contemplated by the Act. This employment report form is intended to gather workforce composition data from broadcasters on an annual basis but the form and data have not been collected for many years. The filing of the form was suspended in 2001 in the wake of a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (D.C. Circuit) vacating certain aspects of the FCC s Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) requirements. While the FCC in 2004 adopted revised regulations regarding the filing of Form 395-B and updated the form, the requirement that broadcasters once again submit the form to the FCC was suspended until issues were resolved regarding confidentiality of the employment data. To date, those issues remain unresolved, and the filing of Form 395-B remains suspended. The FCC is seeking to refresh the record regarding the collection of broadcaster workforce composition data and obtain further input on the legal, logistical, and technical issues surrounding FCC Form 395-B. On February 3, 2023, the FCC released a Public Notice, Expanding Digital and Media Ownership Opportunities for Women and Minorities, announcing a symposium to explore the challenges as well as possible creative solutions to increasing ownership opportunities for women and people of color to achieve success and viewpoint diversity in all facets of media TV, radio, cable, and streaming.The Company cannot predict whether, or if changes may be made as a result of these NPRMs and the symposium. Time Brokerage Agreements . As is common in the industry, we have previously entered into what have commonly been referred to as Time Brokerage Agreements TBAs which are sometimes termed Local Marketing Agreements. Such arrangements are an extension of the concept of agreements under which a licensee of a station sells (or leases blocks of time on its station to an entity or entities which purchase the blocks of time and use the time to broadcast material the lessee has produced, or which sell their own commercial advertising announcements during the time periods in question. While these agreements may take varying forms, under a typical TBA, separately owned and licensed radio or television stations agree to enter into cooperative arrangements of varying sorts, subject to compliance with the requirements of antitrust laws and with the FCC s rules and policies. Under these types of arrangements, separately-owned stations agree to function cooperatively in terms of programming, advertising sales, and other matters, subject to the licensee of each station maintaining independent control over the financing, programming and station operations of its own station. One typical type of TBA is a programming agreement between two separately-owned radio or television stations serving a common service area, whereby the licensee of one station purchases substantial portions of the broadcast day on the other licensee s station, subject to ultimate editorial and other controls being exercised by the latter licensee, and sells advertising time during such program segments. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The FCC s rules provide that a station purchasing (brokering or leasing) time on another station serving the same market will be considered to have an attributable ownership interest in the brokered station for purposes of the FCC s multiple ownership rules. As a result, under the rules, a broadcast station will not be permitted to enter into a time brokerage agreement giving it the right to purchase more than 15 of the broadcast time, on a weekly basis, of another local station that it could not own under the local ownership rules of the FCC s multiple ownership rules. Effective October 22, 2020, the FCC eliminated Title 47 C.F.R. 73.3556, a rule that prohibited the duplication of programming on co-owned radio stations in the same market. A petition for reconsideration of that action as to FM duplication is pending. The Company cannot predict how the FCC may act on that petition. The FCC has adopted rules that require the broadcast of a specific disclosure at the time of broadcast if material aired pursuant to a lease of time on a station has been sponsored, paid for, or furnished by a foreign governmental entity. Consistent with the Communications Act and the FCC s sponsorship identification rules, the Company s stations are required to disclose political programming or programming involving the discussion of a controversial issue if such programming is provided by a foreign governmental entity for free, or for nominal compensation, as an inducement to air. The rule requires the Company to exercise reasonable diligence (and obtain certifications from lessees) to ascertain whether the foreign sponsorship disclosure requirements apply at the time of the lease agreement and at any renewal thereof. A station must place in its OPIF on a quarterly basis certain information if the station broadcasts such foreign-sponsored programming. On October 6, 2022, the FCC released a Second NPRM, seeking comment on establishing a requirement that licensees require a lessee to use a specific certification form to disclose whether a lessee is or is not a foreign governmental entity and whether it knows of any entity or individual further back in the programming production or distribution chain that qualifies as a foreign governmental entity. If adopted, the proposed rules would require the Company to upload the certifications to the OPIF whether or not the lessee has a connection to a foreign government. The Company cannot predict whether such new rules will be adopted, and if so, the form they might take. Other FCC Requirements . Low Power FM Radio. There exists a low power radio service on the FM band LPFM in which the FCC authorizes the construction and operation of NCE FM stations with up to 100 watts ERP with antenna height above average terrain HAAT at up to 30 meters (100 feet). This combination is calculated to produce a service area radius of approximately 3.5 miles. The FCC s rules will not permit any broadcaster or other media entity subject to the FCC s ownership rules to control or hold an attributable interest in an LPFM station or enter into related operating agreements with an LPFM licensee. Thus, absent a waiver, we could not own or program an LPFM station. LPFM stations are allocated throughout the FM broadcast band, (i.e., 88.1 to 107.9 MHz), although they must operate with a NCE format. The FCC has established allocation rules that require FM stations to be separated by specified distances to other stations on the same frequency, and stations on frequencies on the first, second and third channels adjacent to the center frequency. As required by the Local Community Radio Act of 2010, the FCC in 2012 modified its rules to maintain its existing minimum distance separation requirements for full-service FM stations, FM translator stations, and FM booster stations that broadcast radio reading services via an analog subcarrier frequency to avoid potential interference by LPFM stations; and when licensing new FM translator stations, FM booster stations, and LPFM stations, to ensure that: (i) licenses are available to FM translator stations, FM booster stations, and LPFM stations; (ii) such decisions are made based on the needs of the local community; and (iii) FM translator stations, FM booster stations, and LPFM stations remain equal in status and secondary to existing and modified full-service FM stations. By Report and Order, released April 23, 2020, the FCC modified the LPFM technical rules in four main ways: (1) expanding the permissible use of directional antennas; (2) expanding the definition of minor change applications for LPFM stations; (3) allowing LPFM stations to own FM boosters; and (4) permitting LPFM and Class D FM stations operating on the NCE FM reserved band (channels 201 to 220) to propose facilities short-spaced to television stations operating on channel 6 (TV6) with the consent of the potentially affected stations. The FCC also took other less significant actions affecting the LPFM service. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 On January 5, 2012, the FCC released a Report to Congress on the impact that LPFM stations would have on full-service commercial FM stations. The FCC found no statistically reliable evidence that low-power FM stations have a substantial or consistent economic impact on full-service commercial FM stations, and that low-power FM stations generally do not have, and in the future are unlikely to have, a demonstrable economic impact on full-service commercial FM radio stations. Some LPFM stations that broadcast commercial announcements in violation of the law could have a negative economic impact on the Company s stations. Although rule-compliant LPFM stations compete for audience with the Company s full-power and FM translator stations, the Company cannot predict whether there will be future negative economic impact on its stations . As part of the transition of television stations from analog to digital operations, the FCC sought comment in a 2014 NPRM on whether to allow low power television LPTV stations (so-called Franken FM or FM6 radio stations) on digital television channel 6 to continue to operate these analog FM radio-type services on an ancillary or supplementary basis. On June 7, 2022 (MB Docket No. 03-185), the FCC released a Fifth NPRM seeking comment on whether FM6 operations serve the public interest and should be authorized to continue in any capacity. The FCC limited the scope of FM6 operations to only those LPTV channel 6 stations with active FM6 engineering special temporary authority on the release date of the Fifth NPRM . This could result in eliminating or authorizing FM6 stations. The Company cannot predict whether Franken FM stations will become licensed radio services. As a broadcaster, the Company is required to comply with the FCC rules implementing the Emergency Alert System EAS ). The Company s stations must transmit Presidential messages during national emergencies and may transmit local messages, such as severe weather alerts and AMBER (America s Missing: Broadcast Emergency Response) alerts. On January 7, 2021, the FCC s Enforcement Bureau issued an Enforcement Advisory which highlighted EAS participants obligations, identified measures to improve the EAS, and warned that failure to comply with the EAS rules may subject a violator to sanctions including, but not limited to, substantial monetary forfeitures. Our stations are required periodically to file with the FCC forms reporting on the results of EAS tests. In September, 2022, the FCC adopted new EAS requirements directing EAS participants to check whether certain types of alerts are available in common alerting protocol CAP format and, if so, to transmit the CAP version of the alert rather than the legacy-formatted version. The FCC also prescribed text that EAS participants must broadcast using plain language terms. In an NPRM adopted October 27, 2022, the FCC proposed to require EAS participants to report to the FCC compromises of EAS equipment, communications systems, and services. The FCC proposed to require EAS participants to annually certify to having a cybersecurity risk management plan in place and to employ sufficient security measures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of their respective alerting systems. Use of FM Boosters for Geo-Targeting . By NPRM released December 1, 2020, the FCC sought comment on whether to modify the FCC s rules governing the operation of FM booster stations by FM radio broadcasters in certain limited circumstances. Through its NPRM, the FCC sought comment regarding changes to the booster station rules that could enable FM broadcasters to use FM booster stations to air geo-targeted content (e.g., news, weather, and advertisements) independent of the signals of the booster s primary station within different portions of the primary station s protected service contour for a limited period of time during the broadcast hour. The FCC has solicited public comment on tests of the proposed system. The Company cannot predict whether the FCC will adopt the proposed rules, and if adopted, whether the Company would use FM booster stations in this manner. The Company currently has no FM booster stations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Digital Audio Radio Satellite Service and Internet Radio. In adopting its rules for the Digital Audio Radio Satellite Service DARS in the 2310-2360 MHz frequency band, the FCC stated, although healthy satellite DARS systems are likely to have some adverse impact on terrestrial radio audience size, revenues and profits, the record does not demonstrate that licensing satellite DARS would have such a strong adverse impact that it threatens the provision of local service. The FCC granted two nationwide licenses, one to XM Satellite Radio, which began broadcasting in May 2001, and a second to Sirius Satellite Radio, which began broadcasting in February 2002. The satellite radio systems provide multiple channels of audio programming in exchange for the payment of a subscription fee. The FCC approved the application of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. and XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. to transfer control of the licenses and authorizations held by the two companies to one company, which is now known as Sirius XM Radio, Inc. Various companies have introduced devices that permit the reception of audio programming streamed over the Internet on home computers and on portable receivers such as cell phones, in automobiles, and through so-called smart speakers like Amazon s Alexa service. A number of digital music providers have developed and are offering their product through the Internet. Terrestrial radio operators (including the Company) are also making their product available through the Internet. Due to interference generated by their electric motors, some manufacturers of all-electric vehicles do not market vehicles that can receive AM broadcasts over the air (although AM broadcasts can be heard over digital streaming services, such as Tunein Radio). To date, the Company has not perceived negative economic impact from DARS or Internet-streamed audio on the Company s full-service stations and FM translators, possibly due, in part, to the possibility of confusion in the digital advertising market, but the Company cannot predict whether there will be future negative economic impact . In-Band On-Channel Hybrid Digital Radio. The FCC s rules permit radio stations to broadcast using in-band, on-channel (IBOC) technology that allows AM and FM stations to operate using the IBOC system developed by iBiquity Digital Corporation. This technology has become commonly known as hybrid digital or HD radio. Stations broadcast the same main channel program material in both analog and digital modes. HD radio technology permits hybrid operations, the simultaneous transmission of analog and digital signals with a single AM and FM channel. HD radio technology can provide near CD-quality sound on FM channels and FM quality on AM channels. HD radio technology also permits the transmission of up to four additional program streams over FM stations and one over AM stations (which streams do not count as separate radio stations under the multiple ownership rules.) At the present time, we are configured to broadcast in HD radio on 52 stations. On November 28, 2022, the FCC issued a Public Notice seeking comment on a petition for rulemaking requesting the Commission to adopt an updated formula to determine and increase FM digital sideband power levels for stations transmitting digital FM. On October 28, 2020, the FCC released a Report and Order, in which it adopted rules (effective January 4, 2021) to allow AM radio stations to broadcast an all-digital signal using the HD Radio in-band on-channel (IBOC) mode termed MA3. In adopting the new rules, the FCC said that a voluntary conversion to all-digital broadcasting will benefit many AM stations and their listeners by improving reception quality and listenable coverage in stations service areas. At this time, the Company has not made a decision on whether to convert any of its AM radio stations to all-digital operation. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Use of FM Translators by AM Stations and Digital Program Streams. FM translator stations are relatively low power radio stations (maximum ERP: 250 Watts) that rebroadcast the programs of full-power AM and FM stations on a secondary basis, meaning they must terminate or modify their operation if they cause interference to a full-power station. The FCC permits AM stations to be rebroadcast on FM translator stations in order to improve reception of programs broadcast by AM stations. The Company intends to continue to use some of its existing FM translators in connection with some of its AM stations. The Company is using some of its existing FM translators to rebroadcast HD radio program streams generated by some of its FM stations, which is permitted by the FCC. In a 2015 Report and Order, Revitalization of the AM Service, the FCC announced an opportunity, restricted to AM licensees and permittees, to apply for and receive authorizations to relocate existing FM translator stations within 250 miles for the sole and limited purpose of enhancing their existing service to the public. To implement this policy, the FCC opened filing windows, the last one closing October 31, 2016. Some of the Company s subsidiaries that are AM licensees, acquired FM translators during the filing window, and relocated them to their local markets to pair with some of the Company s AM broadcast stations. The FM translators so acquired were obligated to rebroadcast the related AM station for at least four years, not counting any periods of silence. The FCC later opened two windows for the filing of applications for construction permits for new FM translators, the final window closing January 31, 2018. In the filing windows, qualifying AM licensees could apply for one, and only one, new FM translator station, in the non-reserved FM band to be used solely to re-broadcast the licensee s AM signal to provide fill-in and/or nighttime service on a permanent basis. The Company filed applications in both windows and obtained some construction permits as a result. If the Company should decide that a subsidiary should sell or suspend operations of an AM station with such an FM construction permit or license, the subsidiary would also be required to concurrently sell or suspend operations of the FM translator. The FCC has adopted rules regarding FM translator interference (1) allowing FM translators to resolve interference issues by changing channels to any available same-band frequency using a minor modification application; (2) standardizing the information that must be compiled and submitted by a station claiming interference from an FM translator, including a required minimum number of listener complaints; (3) establishing interference complaint resolution procedures; and (4) establishing an outer contour limit (45 dB m for the affected station within which interference complaints will be considered actionable while providing for a process to waive that limit in special circumstances. Because FM translators are secondary services, they could be displaced by full power stations. Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. The Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice, the federal agencies responsible for enforcing the federal antitrust laws, may investigate certain acquisitions. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, an acquisition meeting certain size thresholds requires the parties to file Notification and Report Forms with the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice and to observe specified waiting period requirements before consummating the acquisition. Any decision by the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice to challenge a proposed acquisition could affect our ability to consummate the acquisition or to consummate it on the proposed terms. We cannot predict whether the FCC will adopt rules that would restrict our ability to acquire additional stations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Changes to Application and Assignment Procedures. FCC rules give Native American tribes a priority to obtain broadcast radio licenses in tribal communities. The rules provide an opportunity for tribes to establish new service specifically designed to offer programming that meets the needs of tribal citizens. In addition, the rules modified the FCC s radio application and assignment procedures, assisting qualified applicants to more rapidly introduce new radio service to the public. These modifications (1) prohibit an AM applicant that obtains a construction permit through a dispositive Section 307(b) preference from downgrading the service level that led to the dispositive preference; (2) require technical proposals for new or major change AM facilities filed with Form 175 i.e ., FCC short-form Auction) applications to meet certain minimum technical standards to be eligible for further auction processing; and (3) give FCC operating bureaus authority to cap filing window applications. In 2011, the FCC released its Third Report and Order which limits eligibility for authorizations associated with allotments added to the FM Table of Allotments using the Tribal Priority to the tribes whom the Tribal Priority was intended to benefit. In October 2018, the FCC released a Second Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking as part of its ongoing effort to assist AM broadcast stations in providing full-time service to their communities. The FCC sought comment on technical proposals to reduce nighttime interference afforded to wide-area Class A AM radio stations to enable more local AM stations to increase their nighttime service. The Company has no Class A AM radio stations, but has Class B, Class C and Class D AM radio stations, some of which might benefit if the FCC changes its rules as proposed. In 2018, the FCC issued a Notice of Inquiry on whether to issue an NPRM that could lead to creation of a new Class C4 FM station that would allow use of power of up to 12 kW ERP, but the matter remains pending before the FCC. The Company pays for the use of music broadcast on its stations by obtaining licenses from organizations called performing rights organizations PRO ( e.g. Broadcast Music, Inc., American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers SESAC, LLC, and Global Music Rights LLC), which, in turn pay composers, authors and publishers for their works. Federal law grants a performance right for sound recordings in favor of recording companies and performing artists for non-interactive digital transmissions and Internet radio. As a result, users of music, including the Company, are required to pay royalties for these uses through Sound Exchange, a non-profit performance rights organization. (Other PROs could be formed, which could increase the royalties we pay.) Periodically, bills have been introduced in Congress, that if passed, would have required the Company to pay additional fees to an organization called MusicFirst which would distribute the money to other entities. Efforts continue by certain organizations to persuade Congress to enact a law that would require such payments. Periodically, bills have been introduced in Congress that, if adopted, would require the Company to pay additional fees to one or more organizations that would distribute the money to performers or other entities. The American Music Fairness Act was introduced on February 2, 2023, in both the Senate and House of Representatives (118 th Congress). (A similar Bill died in the 117 th Congress.) The Act would require radio stations to have an additional license to publicly perform certain sound recordings. The Copyright Royalty Board would periodically determine the royalty rates for such a license. Terrestrial broadcast stations, and the owners of such stations, that fall below certain revenue thresholds would pay certain flat fees, instead of the board-established rate, for a license. In late 2018, Congress passed the Music Modernization Act which was signed into law by the President. The law (1) improves compensation to songwriters and streamlined how their music is licensed; (2) enables legacy artists (who recorded music before 1972) to be paid royalties when their music is played on digital radio; and (3) provides a consistent legal process for studio professionals, including record producers and engineers to receive royalties for their contributions to music that they help to create. The law creates a blanket license for digital music providers to make permanent downloads, limited downloads, and interactive streams, creates a collective to administer the blanket license, and makes various improvements to royalty rate proceedings. This law could impose an additional financial burden on the Company, but the extent of the burden depends on how the fee payment requirement is structured. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Proposed Changes. The FCC has under consideration, and may in the future consider and adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect us and the operation and ownership of our broadcast properties. Application processing rules adopted by the FCC might require us to apply for facilities modifications to our standard broadcast stations in future window periods for filing applications or result in the stations being locked in with their present facilities. The FCC is authorized to use auctions for the allocation of radio broadcast spectrum frequencies for commercial use. The implementation of this law could require us to bid for the use of certain frequencies. Information About Our Executive Officers Our current executive officers are: 

Name Age Position Christopher S. Forgy 62 President, Chief Executive Officer; Director Samuel D. Bush 65 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Marcia K. Lobaito 74 Corporate Secretary Catherine A. Bobinski 63 Senior Vice President/Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller Wayne Leland 58 Senior Vice President of Operations Officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Set forth below is information with respect to our executive officers. Mr. Forgy has been President and Chief Executive Officer since December 2022. He was previously our Senior Vice President of Operations from May 2018 until his appointment to President and Chief Executice Officer. He was President/General Manager of our Columbus, Ohio market from 2010 to 2018 and was Director of Sales of our Columbus, Ohio market from 1995 to 2006. He has been with Saga for over 20 years.. Mr. Bush has been Senior Vice President since 2002 and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since September 1997. He was Vice President from 1997 to 2002. From 1988 to 1997 he held various positions with the Media Finance Group at AT T Capital Corporation, including senior vice president. Ms. Lobaito was the Director of Business Affairs and Corporate Secretary since our inception in 1986, Vice President from 1996 to 2005 and Senior Vice President from 2005 to 2020. Effective March 13, 2020, Ms. Lobaito retired from Senior Vice President and Director of Business Affairs. At our request, Ms. Lobaito continues to serve as Corporate Secretary. On September 28, 2021, Ms. Lobaito was appointed to our Board of Directors. Ms. Bobinski has been Senior Vice President/Finance since March 2012 and Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller since September 1991. She was Vice President from March 1999 to March 2012. Ms. Bobinski is a certified public accountant. Mr. Leland was promoted to Senior Vice President of Operations effective January 2023. He was President/General Manager of our Norfolk, Virginia market from 2011 to 2022. He has been with Saga for 11 years and has been in the broadcasting industry since 1986. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors The more prominent risks and uncertainties inherent in our business are described in more detail below. However, these are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Our business may also face additional risks and uncertainties that are unknown to us at this time. General Risks Related to the Economy Continued Uncertain Financial and Economic Conditions, including Inflation, may have an Adverse Impact on our Business, Results of Operations or Financial Condition We derive revenues from the sale of advertising and expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical and are reflective of economic conditions. Periods of a slowing economy, recession or economic uncertainty may be accompanied by a decrease in advertising. Financial and economic conditions continue to be uncertain over the longer term and the continuation or worsening of such conditions, including prolonged or increased inflationary developments, could reduce consumer confidence and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. If consumer confidence were to decline, this decline could negatively affect our advertising customers businesses and their advertising budgets. In addition, volatile economic conditions could have a negative impact on our industry or the industries of our customers who advertise on our stations, resulting in reduced advertising sales. Furthermore, it may be possible that actions taken by any governmental or regulatory body for the purpose of stabilizing the economy or financial markets will not achieve their intended effect. In addition to any negative direct consequences to our business or results of operations arising from these financial and economic developments, some of these actions may adversely affect financial institutions, capital providers, advertisers or other consumers on whom we rely, including our access to future capital or financing arrangements necessary to support our business. Our inability to obtain financing in amounts and at times necessary could make it more difficult or impossible to meet our obligations or otherwise take actions in our best interests. Our Business and Operations Could be Adversley Affected by Health Epidemics, such as the COVID-19 Pandemic, Impacting the Markets and Communities in which we and our Partners, Advertisers, and Users Operate We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, such as the global outbreak of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the economy, disrupted consumer spending and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. We expect the COVID-19 global pandemic may continue to have an adverse impact on our business including our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic, or other health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks in the future, on our business, including our ability to execute our near-term and long-term business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on numerous factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the negative impact on the economy and economic activity, changes in advertising customers and consumer behavior, short and longer-term impact on the levels of consumer confidence; actions governments, businesses and individuals take in response to such outbreaks, and any resulting macroeconomic conditions; and how quickly economies recover after such outbreaks or pandemics subside. The effects of COVID-19, or other health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks in the future, may also impact financial markets and corporate credit markets which could adversely impact our access to financing or the terms of any such financing. To the extent pandemics or outbreaks adversely affect our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 The Success of Our Business is Dependent Upon Advertising Revenues, which are Seasonal and Cyclical, and also Fluctuate as a Result of a Number of Factors, Some of Which are Beyond Our Control. Our primary source of revenue is the sale of advertising. Our ability to sell advertising depends, among other things, on: economic conditions in the areas where our stations are located and in the nation as a whole; national and local demand for radio and digital advertising; the popularity of our programming; changes in the population demographics in the areas where our stations are located; local and national advertising price fluctuations, which can be affected by the availability of programming, the popularity of programming, and the relative supply of and demand for commercial advertising; the capability and effectiveness of our sales organization; our competitors activities, including increased competition from other advertising-based mediums; decisions by advertisers to withdraw or delay planned advertising expenditures for any reason; and other factors beyond our control. Our operations and revenues also tend to be seasonal in nature, with generally lower revenue generated in the first quarter of the year and generally higher revenue generated in the second and fourth quarters of the year. This seasonality causes and will likely continue to cause a variation in our quarterly operating results. Such variations could have a material effect on the timing of our cash flows. In addition, our revenues tend to fluctuate between years, consistent with, among other things, increased advertising expenditures in even-numbered years by political candidates, political parties and special interest groups. We Depend on Key Stations Historically our top five markets when combined represented 38 , 39 , and 40 of our net operating revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accordingly, we may have greater exposure to adverse events or conditions that affect the economy in any of these markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. Local, National and Global Economic Conditions May Affect our Advertising Revenue Our financial results are dependent primarily on our ability to generate advertising revenue through rates charged to advertisers. The advertising rates a station is able to charge are affected by many factors, including the general strength of the local and national economies. Generally, advertising declines during periods of economic recession or downturns in the economy. Our revenue has been and is likely to be adversely affected during such periods, whether they occur on a global level, national level or in the geographic markets in which we operate. During such periods we may also be required to reduce our advertising rates in order to attract available advertisers. Such a decline in advertising rates could also have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. The ongoing supply chain and labor shortage issues could result in an adverse impact on our business due to our customer s reduction in advertising spending as their businesses are negatively impacted by low inventories, product delays, and labor shortages resulting in reduced revenue. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has created not only great devastation but also a worldwide instability that could impact economies across the globe. While direct impacts to our business are limited, the indirect impacts to our customers could impact demand for advertising and other indirect impacts could arise. In addition, the impact of other current macro-economic factors on our business, including inflation, supply chain constraints and geopolitical events, is uncertain. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Financing We May Have Substantial Indebtedness and Debt Service Requirements While we currently have no debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 we have previously borrowed and may borrow to finance acquisitions and for other corporate purposes. If we borrow in the future, our leverage could make us vulnerable to an increase in interest rates, particularly related to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as outlined in our new credit facility amendment, a downturn in our operating performance, or a decline in general economic conditions. Our credit facility is subject to mandatory prepayment requirements, including but not limited to, certain sales of assets, certain insurance proceeds, certain debt issuances and certain sales of equity. Any outstanding balance under the credit facility will be due on the maturity date of December 19, 2027. We believe that cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet any debt service requirements for interest and scheduled payments of principal under the credit facility in the future. However, if such cash flow is not sufficient, we may be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations or dispose of one or more of our properties in order to make such scheduled payments. We cannot be sure that we would be able to affect any such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. Variable-Rate Indebtedness Exposes us to Interest Rate Risk, which could Cause Our Debt Service Obligations to Increase Significantly. Certain of our secured indebtedness, including borrowings under our existing credit facility, is or is expected to be, as applicable, subject to variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable-rate indebtedness would increase and our net loss would increase, even though the amount borrowed under the facility remained the same. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding variable-rate debt. However, if and to the extent we borrow in the future, an unfavorable movement in interest rates, primarily SOFR, could result in higher interest expense and cash payments for us. Although we may enter into interest rate hedges, involving the partial or full (i) exchange of floating for fixed-rate interest payments or (ii) obtaining an interest rate cap, to reduce interest rate volatility, we cannot provide assurance that we will enter into such arrangements or that they will successfully mitigate such interest rate volatility. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash in the overnight U.S treasury repo market, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published the daily rate since 2018. Our Debt Covenants Restrict our Financial and Operational Flexibility Our credit facility contains a number of financial covenants which, among other things, require us to maintain specified financial ratios and impose certain limitations on us with respect to investments, additional indebtedness, dividends, distributions, guarantees, liens and encumbrances. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by operating performance or other events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will meet those ratios. Certain events of default under our credit facility could allow the lenders to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have pledged substantially all of our assets (excluding our FCC licenses and certain other assets) in support of the credit facility and each of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the credit facility and has pledged substantially all of their assets (excluding their FCC licenses and certain other assets) in support of the credit facility. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to the Radio Broadcasting Industry Our Stations Must Compete for Advertising Revenues in Their Respective Markets Radio broadcasting is a highly competitive business. Our stations compete for listeners and advertising revenues within their respective markets directly with other radio stations, as well as with other media, such as broadcast radio (as applicable), cable television and/or radio, satellite television and/or satellite radio systems, newspapers, magazines, direct mail, the Internet, coupons and billboard advertising. Audience ratings and market shares are subject to change, and any change in a particular market could have a material adverse effect on the revenue of our stations located in that market. While we already compete in some of our markets with other stations with similar programming formats, if another radio station in a market were to convert its programming format to a format similar to one of our stations, or if a new station were to adopt a comparable format or if an existing competitor were to strengthen its operations, our stations could experience a reduction in ratings and/or advertising revenue and could incur increased promotional and other expenses. Other radio broadcasting companies may enter into the markets in which we operate or may operate in the future. These companies may be larger and have more financial resources than we have. We cannot assure you that any of our stations will be able to maintain or increase their current audience ratings and advertising revenues. We Depend on Key Personnel Our business is partially dependent upon the performance of certain key individuals, particularly Christopher S. Forgy, our President and CEO. Although we have entered into employment and non-competition agreements with Mr. Forgy, which terminate on December 7, 2025, and certain other key personnel, including on-air personalities, we cannot be sure that such key personnel will remain with us. We can give no assurance that all or any of these employees will remain with us or will retain their audiences. Many of our key employees are at-will employees who are under no legal obligation to remain with us. Our competitors may choose to extend offers to any of these individuals on terms which we may be unwilling to meet. In addition, any or all of our key employees may decide to leave for a variety of personal or other reasons beyond our control. Furthermore, the popularity and audience loyalty of our key on-air personalities is highly sensitive to rapidly changing public tastes. A loss of such popularity or audience loyalty is beyond our control and could limit our ability to generate revenues. Our Success Depends on our Ability to Identify and Integrate Acquired Stations As part of our strategy, we have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions of additional radio stations, subject to the terms of our credit facility. Broadcasting is a rapidly consolidating industry, with many companies seeking to consummate acquisitions and increase their market share. In this environment, we compete and will continue to compete with many other buyers for the acquisition of radio stations. Some of those competitors may be able to outbid us for acquisitions because they have greater financial resources or for other reasons. As a result of these and other factors, our ability to identify and consummate future acquisitions is uncertain. Our consummation of all future acquisitions is subject to various conditions, including FCC and other regulatory approvals. The FCC must approve any transfer of control or assignment of broadcast licenses. Such acquisitions could be delayed by shutdowns of the U.S. Government. In addition, acquisitions may encounter intense scrutiny under federal and state antitrust laws. Our future acquisitions may be subject to notification under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and to a waiting period and possible review by the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission. Any delays, injunctions, conditions or modifications by any of these federal agencies could have a negative effect on us and result in the abandonment of all or part of otherwise attractive acquisition opportunities. We cannot predict whether we will be successful in identifying future acquisition opportunities or what the consequences will be of any acquisitions. Certain of our acquisitions may prove unprofitable and fail to generate anticipated cash flows. In addition, the success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired stations. The process of integrating acquired stations may involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of operations, the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns, risk of entering new markets, and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired stations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Regulation of Our Business Future Impairment of our FCC Broadcasting Licenses Could Affect our Operating Results As of December 31, 2022, our FCC broadcasting licenses represented 38 of our total assets. We are required to test our FCC broadcasting licenses for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that our FCC broadcasting licenses might be impaired which may result in future impairment losses. For further discussion, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates included with this Form 10-K. On January 24, 2020, the President signed into law the PIRATE Act which authorizes the FCC to fine illegal broadcasters up to 2 million. The current administration has included funding for PIRATE enforcement in the FCC s budget for the current fiscal year. Our Business is Subject to Extensive Federal Regulation The broadcasting industry is subject to extensive federal regulation which, among other things, requires approval by the FCC of transfers, assignments and renewals of broadcasting licenses, limits the number of broadcasting properties that may be acquired within a specific market, and regulates programming and operations. For a detailed description of the material regulations applicable to our business, see Federal Regulation of Radio Broadcasting and Other FCC Requirements in Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Failure to comply with these regulations could, under certain circumstances and among other things, result in the denial of renewal or revocation of FCC licenses, shortened license renewal terms, monetary forfeitures or other penalties which would adversely affect our profitability. Changes in ownership requirements could limit our ability to own or acquire stations in certain markets. New Federal Regulations or Fees Could Affect our Broadcasting Operations There has been proposed legislation in the past and there could be again in the future that requires radio broadcasters to pay additional fees such as a spectrum fee for the use of the spectrum or a royalty fee to record labels and performing artists for use of their recorded music. Currently, we pay royalties to song composers, publishers, and performers indirectly through third parties. Any proposed legislation that becomes law could add an additional layer of royalties to be paid directly to the record labels and artists. These proposed royalties have been the subject of considerable debate and activity by the broadcast industry and other parties affected by the legislation. It is currently unknown what impact any potential required royalty payments would have on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The FCC s Vigorous Enforcement of Indecency Rules Could Affect our Broadcasting Operations Federal law regulates the broadcast of obscene, indecent or profane material. The FCC has increased its enforcement efforts relating to the regulation of indecency violations, and Congress has increased the penalties for broadcasting obscene, indecent or profane programming , and these penalties may potentially subject broadcasters to license revocation, renewal or qualification proceedings in the event that they broadcast such material. The FCC has expanded the scope of items considered indecent to include material that coud be considered blasphemy, personally reviling epithets, profanity and vulgar or coarse words, amounting to a nuisance. The maximum forfeiture penalty after 2022 annual inflation adjustment) for an indecency violation is 479,945 per incident and 4,430,255 for a continuing violation arising from a single act or failure to act. In March 2015, the FCC issued a Notice of Apparent Liability for the then maximum forfeiture amount of 325,000 against a television station for violation of the indecency laws. In addition, the FCC s heightened focus on the indecency regulations against the broadcast industry may encourage third parties to oppose our license renewal applications or applications for consent to acquire broadcast stations. Because the FCC may investigate indecency complaints prior to notifying a licensee of the existence of a complaint, a licensee may not have knowledge of a complaint unless and until the complaint results in the issuance of a formal FCC letter of inquiry or notice of apparent liability for forfeiture. We may in the future become subject to inquiries or proceedings related to our stations broadcast of obscene, indecent or profane material. To the extent that any inquiries or other proceedings result in the imposition of fines, a settlement with the FCC, revocation of any of our station licenses or denials of license renewal applications, our result of operations and business could be materially adversely affected. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Technology and Cybersecurity New Technologies May Affect our Broadcasting Operations The FCC has and is considering ways to introduce new technologies to the broadcasting industry, including satellite and terrestrial delivery of digital audio broadcasting and the standardization of available technologies which significantly enhance the sound quality of AM broadcasters. We are unable to predict the effect such technologies may have on our broadcasting operations. The capital expenditures necessary to implement such technologies could be substantial. Information Technology and Cybersecurity Failures or Data Security Breaches Could Harm Our Business Any internal technology error or failure impacting systems hosted internally or externally, or any large-scale external interruption in technology infrastructure we depend on, such as power, telecommunications or the Internet, may disrupt our technology network. Any individual, sustained or repeated failure of technology could impact our customer service and result in increased costs or reduced revenues. Our technology systems and related data also may be vulnerable to a variety of sources of interruption due to events beyond our control, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. While we have in place, and continue to invest in, technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to prevent a business disruption and its adverse financial impact and consequences to our business reputation. In addition, as a part of our ordinary business operations, we may collect and store sensitive data, including personal information of our clients, listeners and employees. The secure operation of the networks and systems on which this type of information is stored, processed and maintained is critical to our business operations and strategy. Any compromise of our technology systems resulting from attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance could result in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to clients , listeners , employees or business partners information. Any such loss, disclosure, misappropriation or access could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations and damage our reputation, any or all of which could adversely affect our business. To meet business objectives, the Company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the Company s sensitive data. The Company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the Company s third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. In September 2021, one of our third-party service providers of a critical application used in our business, was the victim of a ransomware cyberattack. However, the Company s data was not breached in connection with this incident and the incident did not have a material impact on the Company s business or operations. To date, the Company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there remains the potential for the Company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The Company currently maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident, however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial losses nor may it be available in the future. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Stock The Company is No Longer Controlled by our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Edward K. Christian, our founder and former President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, passed away on August 19, 2022. Mr. Christian held approximately 65 of the combined voting power of our Common Stock (based on Class B Common Stock generally being entitled to ten votes per share, with certain exceptions, but not including options to acquire Class B Common Stock). As a result, Mr. Christian was generally able to control the vote on most matters submitted to the vote of shareholders and, therefore, was able to direct our management and policies, except with respect to (i) the election of the two Class A directors, (ii) those matters where the shares of our Class B Common Stock are only entitled to one vote per share, and (iii) other matters requiring a class vote under the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or applicable law. Upon Mr. Christian s passing on August 19, 2022, his Class B shares were transferred into an estate planning trust and that transfer resulted in an automatic conversion of each Class B share he held into one fully paid and non-assessable Class A Share. Those Class A Shares have the same voting rights as all other Class A Shares, and the estate has approximately 16 voting rights after the conversion of the shares from Class B Shares to Class A Shares. As a result of the change in voting control, the Company has entered into a period of significant transition and is potentially more vulnerable to activist investors or hostile takeover attempts. If the Company is unable to manage this transition effectively, it may have an adverse impact on the Company and its shareholders. We May Experience Volatility in the Market Price of our Common Stock The market price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past and may continue to be volatile. In addition to stock market fluctuations due to economic or other factors, the volatility of our shares may be influenced by lower trading volume and concentrated ownership relative to many of our publicly-held competitors. Because several of our shareholders own significant portions of our outstanding shares, our stock is relatively less liquid and therefore more susceptible to price fluctuations than many other companies shares. If these shareholders were to sell all or a portion of their holdings of our common stock, then the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. Investors should be aware that they could experience short-term volatility in our stock if such shareholders decide to sell all or a portion of their holdings of our common stock at once or within a short period of time. We are a Smaller Reporting Company and Intend to Avail Ourselves of Certain Reduced Disclosure Requirements Applicable to Smaller Reporting Companies, which could make our Common Stock Less Attractive to Investors. We are a smaller reporting company, as defined in the Exchange Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not applicable to smaller reporting companies, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We intend to take advantage of certain of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer a smaller reporting company. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter is 250 million or more. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2 . Properties Our corporate headquarters is located in Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan. The types of properties required to support each of our stations include offices, studios, and transmitter and antenna sites. A station s studios are generally housed with its offices in business districts. The transmitter sites and antenna sites are generally located so as to provide maximum market coverage for our stations broadcast signals. As of December 31, 2022, the studios and offices of 25 of our 28 operating locations, including our corporate headquarters in Michigan, are located in facilities we own. The remaining studios and offices are located in leased facilities with lease terms that expire in 1.9 years to 5.8 years. We own or lease our transmitter and antenna sites, with lease terms that expire in less than 1 year to 68 years. We do not anticipate any difficulties in renewing those leases that expire within the next five years or in leasing other space, if required. No one property is material to our overall operations. We believe that our properties are in good condition and suitable for our operations. We own substantially all of the equipment used in our broadcasting business. Item 3. Legal Proceedings The Company is subject to various outstanding claims which arise in the ordinary course of business, and to other legal proceedings. Management anticipates that any potential liability of the Company, which may arise out of or with respect to these matters, will not materially affect the Company s financial statements. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our Class A Common Stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Market of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the ticker symbol SGA. The closing price for our Class A Common Stock on March 3, 2023 as reported by the NASDAQ was 24.05. As of March 3, 2023, there were approximately 174 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock. This figure does not include an estimate of the indeterminate number of beneficial holders whose shares may be held of record by brokerage firms and clearing agencies. Dividends During 2022, our Board of Directors declared four quarterly cash dividends and two special dividends totaling 4.86 per share on our Classes A and B shares. These dividends totaling approximately 29.6 million were accrued or paid during 2022. In December 2022, the Board of Directors adopted a new variable dividend policy for the allocation of cash flows aligned with the Company s goals of maintaining a strong balance sheet, increasing cash returns to shareholders, and continuing to grow the Company through strategic acquisitions. Under the new policy, in addition to any quarterly and special dividends paid, the Company will declare an additional dividend in the second quarter of each year of 70 of the preceding year s annual Free Cash Flow, as reported in the Company s fourth quarter earnings release, net of acquisitions, special and quarterly dividends, debt paydowns and debt issuance costs, and stock buybacks. See Note 1 of the financial statements for specific details on the dividends. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 During 2021, our Board of Directors declared three quarterly cash dividends and a special dividend totaling 0.98 per share on our Classes A and B shares. These dividends totaling approximately 5.9 million were accrued or paid during 2021. See Note 1 of the financial statements for specific details on the dividends. During 2020, our Board of Directors declared one quarterly cash dividends totaling 0.32 per share on our Classes A and B shares. These dividends totaling approximately 1.9 million were paid during 2020. In the second quarter of 2020, our Board of Directors announced that it was temporarily suspending the quarterly cash dividend in response to the continued uncertainty of the ongoing impact of COVID-19. See Note 1 of the financial statements for specific details on the dividends. The Company currently intends to declare regular quarterly cash dividends, special dividends, variable dividends, and stock buybacks in the future consistent with its goals as previously stated. The declaration and payment of any future dividend, whether fixed, special, or based upon the variable policy, will remain at the full discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend upon the Company s financial results, cash requirements, future expectations, and other factors that the Company s Board of Directors finds relevant at the time of considering any potential dividend declaration. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2022, the number of securities outstanding under our equity compensation plans, the weighted average exercise price of such securities and the number of securities available for grant under these plans: 

(a) (b) (c) Number of Securities Number of Remaining Shares to be Available for Issued Upon Future Issuance Exercise of Weighted-Average Under Equity Outstanding Exercise Price of Compensation Options Outstanding Options, Plans Warrants, and Warrants (Excluding Plan Category Rights and Rights Column (a)) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders: Employees 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan 520,665 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan 91,120 (1) (2) 125,295 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders: None Total 91,120 645,960 

 (1) All 91,120 shares are restricted stock. (2) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options is 0.00 as they are all restricted stock. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table summarizes our repurchases of our Class A Common Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Shares repurchased during the quarter were from the retention of shares for the payment of withholding taxes related to the vesting of restricted stock. 

Total Number Approximate of Dollar Shares Value of Purchased Shares Total Average as Part of that May Yet be Number Price Publicly Purchased of Shares Paid per Announced Under the Period Purchased (1) Share Program Program(2) October 1 - October 31, 2022 18,343,398 November 1 - November 30, 2022 5,771 24.24 18,203,509 December 1 - December 31, 2022 18,203,509 Total 5,771 24.24 18,203,509 

 (1) All shares were purchased other than through a publicly announced plan or program. The shares were forfeited to the Company for payment of tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of restricted stock. (2) We have a Stock Buy-Back Program which allows us to purchase our Class A Common Stock. In February 2013, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in the amount committed to the Buy-Back Program from 60 million to approximately 75.8 million. 
 Performance Graph We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are no longer required to provide a performance graph. Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Saga Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries contained elsewhere herein. The following discussion is presented on a consolidated basis. We serve twenty-seven radio markets (reporting units) that aggregate into one operating segment (Radio), which also qualifies as a reportable segment. We operate under one reportable busines segment for which segment disclosure is consistent with the management decision-making process that determines the allocation of resources and the measuring of performance. Corporate general and administrative expenses, interest expense, write-off debt issuance costs, other (income) expense, and income tax provision are managed on a consolidated basis. The discussion of our operating performance focuses on station operating income because we manage our stations primarily on station operating income. Operating performance is evaluated for each individual market. We use certain financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) to assess our financial performance. For example, we evaluate the performance of our markets based on station operating income (operating income plus corporate general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, other operating (income) expenses, and impairment of intangible assets). Station operating income is generally recognized by the broadcasting industry as a measure of performance, is used by analysts who report on the performance of the broadcasting industry, and it serves as an indicator of the market value of a group of stations. In addition, we use it to evaluate individual stations, market-level performance, overall operations and as a primary measure for incentive based compensation of executives and other members of management. Station operating income is not necessarily indicative of amounts that may be available to us for debt service requirements, other commitments, reinvestment or other discretionary uses. Station operating income is not a measure of liquidity or of performance in accordance with GAAP, and should be viewed as a supplement to, and not a substitute for, our results of operations presented on a GAAP basis. General We are a broadcast company primarily engaged in acquiring, developing and operating broadcast properties. We actively seek and explore opportunities for expansion through the acquisition of additional broadcast properties. We review acquisition opportunities on an ongoing basis. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Radio Stations Our radio stations primary source of revenue is from the sale of advertising for broadcast on our stations. Depending on the format of a particular radio station, there are a predetermined number of advertisements available to be broadcast each hour. Most advertising contracts are short-term and generally run for a few weeks only. The majority of our revenue is generated from local advertising, which is sold primarily by each radio market s sales staff. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 89 , 89 and 84 , respectively, of our radio stations gross revenue was from local advertising. To generate national advertising sales, we engage independent advertising sales representative firms that specialize in national sales for each of our broadcast markets. Our revenue varies throughout the year. Advertising expenditures, our primary source of revenue, generally have been lowest during the winter months, which include the first quarter of each year. Political revenue was significantly higher in 2022 and 2020 due to the increased number of national, state, and local elections in most of our markets as compared to 2021. Our gross political revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 3,625,000, 1,780,000 and 6,890,000, respectively. We expect political revenue in 2023 to decrease from 2022 levels as a result of less elections in 2023 at the local, state and national levels. Our net operating revenue, station operating expense and operating income vary from market to market based upon the market s rank or size which is based upon population and the available radio advertising revenue in that particular market. The broadcasting industry and advertising in general is influenced by the state of the overall economy, including unemployment rates, inflation, energy prices and consumer interest rates. Our stations broadcast primarily in small to midsize markets. Historically, these markets have been more stable than major metropolitan markets during downturns in advertising spending, but may not experience increases in such spending as significant as those in major metropolitan markets in periods of economic improvement. Our financial results are dependent on a number of factors, the most significant of which is our ability to generate advertising revenue through rates charged to advertisers. The rates a station is able to charge are, in large part, based on a station s ability to attract audiences in the demographic groups targeted by its advertisers. In a number of our markets, this is measured by periodic reports generated by independent national rating services. In the remainder of our markets it is measured by the results advertisers obtain through the actual running of an advertising schedule. Advertisers measure these results based on increased demand for their goods or services and/or actual revenues generated from such demand. Various factors affect the rate a station can charge, including the general strength of the local and national economies, population growth, ability to provide popular programming, local market competition, target marketing capability of radio compared to other advertising media, and signal strength. When we acquire and/or begin to operate a station or group of stations we generally increase programming and advertising and promotion expenses to increase our share of our target demographic audience. Our strategy sometimes requires levels of spending commensurate with the revenue levels we plan on achieving in two to five years. During periods of economic downturns, or when the level of advertising spending is flat or down across the industry, this strategy may result in the appearance that our cost of operations are increasing at a faster rate than our growth in revenues, until such time as we achieve our targeted levels of revenue for the acquired station or group of stations. The number of advertisements that can be broadcast without jeopardizing listening levels (and the resulting ratings) is limited in part by the format of a particular radio station. Our stations strive to maximize revenue by constantly managing the number of commercials available for sale and by adjusting prices based upon local market conditions and ratings. While there may be shifts from time to time in the number of advertisements broadcast during a particular time of the day, the total number of advertisements broadcast on a particular station generally does not vary significantly from year to year. Any change in our revenue, with the exception of those instances where stations are acquired or sold, is generally the result of inventory sell out ratios and pricing adjustments, which are made to ensure that the station efficiently utilizes available inventory. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Our radio stations employ a variety of programming formats. We periodically perform market research, including music evaluations, focus groups and strategic vulnerability studies. Because reaching a large and demographically attractive audience is crucial to a station s financial success, we endeavor to develop strong listener loyalty. Our stations also employ audience promotions to further develop and secure a loyal following. We believe that the diversification of formats on our radio stations helps to insulate us from the effects of changes in musical tastes of the public on any particular format. The primary operating expenses involved in owning and operating radio stations are employee salaries, sales commissions, programming expenses, depreciation, and advertising and promotion expenses. The radio broadcasting industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and the emergence of new media technologies and services. These new technologies and media are gaining advertising share against radio and other traditional media. We are continuing to expand our digital initiative to provide a seamless experience across multiple platforms. Our goal is to allow our listeners to connect with our brands on demand wherever, however, and whenever they choose. We continue to create opportunities through targeted digital advertising and an array of digital services that include online promotions, mobile messaging, and email marketing. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Columbus, Ohio; Des Moines, Iowa; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Norfolk, Virginia and Portland, Maine markets, when combined, represented approximately 38 , 39 , and 40 , respectively, of our consolidated net operating revenue. An adverse change in any of these radio markets or relative market position in those markets could have a significant impact on our operating results as a whole. The following tables describe the percentage of our consolidated net operating revenue represented by each of these markets: 

Percentage of Consolidated Net Operating Revenue for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Market: Columbus, Ohio 10 10 10 Des Moines, Iowa 5 6 7 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 12 11 11 Norfolk, Virginia 6 6 6 Portland, Maine 5 6 6 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the radio stations in our five largest markets when combined, represented approximately 44 , 43 and 52 , respectively, of our consolidated station operating income. We note that the percent of consolidated station operating income at December 31, 2020 is higher than normal due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our markets. As the pandemic is resolved, we would anticipate results by market to continue to be back to normalized amounts in future years. The following tables describe the percentage of our consolidated station operating income represented by each of these markets: 

Percentage of Consolidated Station Operating Income( for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Market: Columbus, Ohio 13 12 16 Des Moines, Iowa 4 5 7 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 14 12 15 Norfolk, Virginia 7 7 6 Portland, Maine 6 7 8 

 ) Operating income plus corporate general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, other operating (income) expenses, and impairment of intangible assets. Results of Operations The following tables summarize our results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Consolidated Results of Operations 

2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Years Ended December 31, Increase Increase Increase Increase 2022 2021 2020 (Decrease) (Decrease) (Decrease) (Decrease) (In thousands, except s and per share information) Net operating revenue 114,893 108,343 95,813 6,550 6.0 12,530 13.1 Station operating expense 87,537 83,245 81,586 4,292 5.2 1,659 2.0 Corporate general and administrative 14,300 10,040 11,574 4,260 42.4 (1,534) (13.3) Other operating (income) expense, net (14) 7 (1,247) (21) N/M 1,254 N/M Impairment of intangible assets 5,149 (5,149) N/M Operating income (loss) 13,070 15,051 (1,249) (1,981) N/M 16,300 N/M Interest expense 130 284 340 (154) (54.2) (56) (16.5) Interest income (410) (16) (148) (394) N/M 132 N/M Other income (652) (634) (233) (18) 3 (401) N/M Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 14,002 15,417 (1,208) (1,415) (9.2) 16,625 N/M Income tax provision 4,800 4,260 705 540 12.7 3,555 N/M Net income (loss) 9,202 11,157 (1,913) (1,955) N/M 13,070 N/M Earnings (loss) per share (diluted) 1.52 1.85 (0.32) (0.33) (17.8) 2.17 N/M N/M = Not Meaningful 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 For the year ended December 31, 2022, consolidated net operating revenue was 114,893,000 compared with 108,343,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 6,550,000 or 6.0 . The increase in revenue in 2022 was due to increases in gross local revenue of 2,284,000, gross political revenue of 1,846,000, non-spot revenue of 1,689,000, gross interactive revenue of 1,577,000, and gross barter revenue of 302,000 partially offset by a decrease in gross national revenue of 697,000 and an increase in agency commissions of 598,000 from 2021. The most significant increases in gross local revenue and in agency commissions occurred in our Asheville, North Carolina; Charleston, South Carolina; Ithaca, New York; and Manchester, New Hampshire markets. The gross political revenue increased due to an increase in the number of national, state and local elections. The increase in non-spot revenue is primarily due to us hosting more events again in 2022. The markets with the most significant increases in 2022 in non-spot events were Charleston, South Carolina; Clarksville, Tennessee; Hilton Head, South Carolina; Jonesboro, Arkansas; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Portland, Maine and Yankton, South Dakota. The increase in gross interactive results is primarily due to an increase in our streaming and website content revenue. The decrease in gross national revenue was attributable to decreases at the majority of markets due to the focus on local market advertisers offset by increases at our Columbus, Ohio; Manchester, New Hampshire; and Portland, Maine markets. Station operating expense was 87,537,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 83,245,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 4,292,000 or 5.2 . The increase in operating expenses was primarily a result of increases in sales survey expenses, compensation related expenses, commission expense, bad debt expenses, barter expenses, music licensing fees, utilities, merchant account fees, and promotional expenses of 1,407,000, 965,000, 840,000, 352,000, 346,000, 311,000, 286,000, 153,000 and 113,000, respectively, partially offset by decreases in healthcare costs of 530,000 from 2021. We had operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 13,070,000 compared to 15,051,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,981,000. The decrease was a result of the increase in net operating revenue partially offset by the increase in station operating expense, described above, a decrease in other operating (income) expense of 21,000 offset by an increase in our corporate general and administrative expenses of 4,260,000 or 42.4 . The increase in corporate general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to expenses under the employment agreement we had with our founder and CEO, Mr. Christian upon his death of which 3,900,000 was recorded in the third quarter of 2022. In addition, we had an increase in legal expenses, and transportation related costs of 207,000, and 156,000, respectively, from 2021. For our other operating (income) expense, net in 2022 we recorded a gain on the sale of fixed assets of 14,000 compared to a loss on the sale of fixed assets of 7,000 in 2021. We generated net income of 9,202,000 1.52 per share on a fully diluted basis) during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11,157,000 1.85 per share on a fully diluted basis) for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,955,000. The decrease in net income is due to the decrease of operating income, described above, an increase income taxes of 540,000, offset by a decrease in interest expense of 154,000, an increase in interest income of 394,000 and an increase in other income of 18,000. The decrease in interest expense is due to no longer having any debt outstanding, after paying off the remaining balance in the fourth quarter of 2021. The increase in interest income is related to our short-term investments as described in footnote 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). The increase in other income is primarily due to insurance proceeds for weather-related damages of 535,000 and reimbursements from the FCC related to their spectrum auction of 116,000 in 2022 versus insurance proceeds in 2021 of 589,000 and other gains of 45,000 in 2021 as described in footnote 16 (Other Income). The increase in our income tax expense is due to the permanent difference between book and taxable income related to the compensation paid to our founder and CEO as described above and in footnote 6 (Income Taxes). 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 For the year ended December 31, 2021, consolidated net operating revenue was 108,343,000 compared with 95,813,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 12,530,000 or 13.1 . The increase in revenue in 2021 was attributable to lower-than-normal revenue in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We had increases in gross local revenue of 12,209,000, gross interactive revenue of 2,921,000, non-spot gross revenue of 1,484,000, gross national revenue (excluding national political revenue) of 819,000, and gross barter revenue of 236,000 partially offset by a decrease in gross political revenue of 5,104,000 from 2020. The increase in gross local, gross national and gross barter revenue occurred in the majority of our markets as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption to our advertiser s businesses in 2020, in contrast with the economic recovery that had begun to take place in 2021. The increase in gross interactive revenue was primarily due to an increase in our streaming and website content revenue. The increase in non-spot gross revenue was primarily due to us starting to host events again in 2021, whereas the number of events being held in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic was relatively very few. The decrease in gross political revenue was due to fewer national, state and local elections in 2021 versus 2020 in the majority of our markets. Station operating expense was 83,245,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with 81,586,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 1,659,000 or 2.0 . The increase in operating expenses was primarily a result of increases in sales rating survey expenses, commission expense, barter expenses, interactive services expenses, healthcare costs and promotional expenses of 1,836,000, 1,035,000, 362,000, 331,000, 210,000, and 173,000, respectively, partially offset by decreases in compensation related expenses, depreciation and amortization expenses, and bad debt expense of 1,698,000, 754,000 and 364,000, respectively, from 2020. We had operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 15,051,000 compared to an operating loss of 1,249,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 16,300,000. The increase was a result of the increase in net operating revenue partially offset by the increase in station operating expense, described above, a non-cash impairment charge of 5,149,000 in 2020 versus no impairment charge in 2021, and a decrease in our corporate general and administrative expenses of 1,534,000 or 13.3 , offset by a decrease in other operating income of 1,254,000 due to a gain on the sale of land and a building at one of our tower sites in Bellingham, Washington for 1,400,000 in 2020. The decrease in corporate general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to decreases in non-cash compensation related expenses, legal expenses, and contribution expenses of 886,000, 323,000, and 158,000 respectively. We generated net income of 11,157,000 1.85 per share on a fully diluted basis) during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to a net loss of 1,913,000 (0.32) per share on a fully diluted basis) for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 13,070,000. The increase in net income was due to the increase of operating income, described above, a decrease in interest expense of 56,000 and an increase in other income of 401,000, partially offset by an increase in income taxes of 3,555,000, and a decrease in interest income of 132,000. The decrease in interest expense was due to the decrease in our debt outstanding partially offset by an increase in our interest rates. The increase in other income was primarily due to insurance proceeds for weather-related damages. The increase in our income tax expense was due to the increase in income before income taxes. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt Arrangements and Debt Service Requirements On August 18, 2015, we entered into a credit facility (the Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., The Huntington National Bank, Citizens Bank, National Association and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (collectively, the Lenders ). The Credit Facility consisted of a 100 million five-year revolving facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and originally matured on August 18, 2020. On June 27, 2018, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to its Credit Facility, (the Second Amendment ), which had first been amended on September 1, 2017, extending the revolving credit maturity date under the Credit Agreement for five years after the date of the amendment to June 27, 2023. On July 1, 2019, we elected to reduce our Revolving Credit Facility to 70 million. On May 11, 2020, as part of our reincorporation as a Florida corporation, we entered into an assumption agreement and amendment of loan documents. The amendment also included an alternative benchmark rate as a replacement to LIBOR. On November 1, 2021, we elected to further reduce our Revolving Credit Facility to 50 million. On December 19, 2022, we entered into a Third Amendment to our Credit Facility, (the Third Amendment ), which extended the maturity date to December 19, 2027, reduced the lenders to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and the Huntington National Bank, established an interest rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR as administered by the SOFR Administrator (currently established as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) as the interest base and increased the basis points. We have pledged substantially all of our assets (excluding our FCC licenses and certain other assets) in support of the Credit Facility and each of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the Credit Facility and has pledged substantially all of their assets (excluding their FCC licenses and certain other assets) in support of the Credit Facility. Approximately 266,000 of debt issuance costs related to the Credit Facility were capitalized and are being amortized over the life of the Credit Facility. These debt issuance costs are included in other assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of the Second Amendment, the Company incurred an additional 120,000 of transaction fees related to the Credit Facility that were capitalized. As a result of the Third Amendment, the Company incurred an additional 161,000 of transaction fees related to the Credit Facility that were capitalized. The cumulative transaction fees are being amortized over the remaining life of the Credit Facility. Interest rates under the Credit Facility are payable, at our option, at alternatives equal to SOFR (4.3 at December 31, 2022), plus 1 to 2 or the base rate plus 0 to 1 . The spread over SOFR and the base rate vary from time to time, depending upon our financial leverage. Letters of credit issued under the Credit Facility will be subject to a participation fee (which is equal to the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Loans, as defined in the Credit Agreement) payable to each of the Lenders and a fronting fee equal to 0.25 per annum payable to the issuing bank. Under the Third Amendment, we now pay quarterly commitment fees of 0.25 per annum on the used portion of the Credit Facility. We previously paid quarterly commitment fees of 0.2 to 0.3 per annum on the unused portion of the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility contains a number of financial covenants (all of which we were in compliance with at December 31, 2022) which, among other things, require us to maintain specified financial ratios and impose certain limitations on us with respect to investments, additional indebtedness, dividends, distributions, guarantees, liens and encumbrances. On October 27, 2021, we used 10 million from funds generated by operations to voluntarily pay down the remaining amount on our Revolving Credit Facility. After we paid down our debt and reduced our Revolving Credit Facility as noted above, we had approximately 50 million of unused borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Sources and Uses of Cash During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had net cash flows from operating activities of 17,125,000, 19,104,000 and 12,088,000, respectively. We believe that cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet any quarterly debt service requirements for interest and scheduled payments of principal under the Credit Facility if we borrow in the future. However, if such cash flow is not sufficient, we may be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations or dispose of one or more of our properties in order to make such scheduled payments. There can be no assurance that we would be able to effect any such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. In March 2013, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to our Stock Buy-Back Program (the Buy-Back Program to allow us to purchase up to 75.8 million of our Class A Common Stock. From its inception in 1998 through December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 2.2 million shares of our Class A Common Stock for 57.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 6,000 shares were retained for payment of withholding taxes for 147,000 related to the vesting of restricted stock. Given the unprecedented uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 virus and the resulting economic issues we halted the directions for any additional buybacks under our plan in 2020. We continue to monitor economic conditions to determine if and when it makes sense to make additional buybacks under our plan. Our capital expenditures, exclusive of acquisitions, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 5,994,000 3,969,000 in 2021). We anticipate capital expenditures in 2023 to be approximately 5.0 million to 5.5 million, which we expect to finance through funds generated from operations. On July 12, 2021, we entered into an agreement to acquire WIZZ-AM and a translator from P. M. Radio for 61,800 of which 5,000 was paid in 2021 and the remainder was paid on April 6, 2022 when we closed on the transaction. Management attributes the goodwill recognized in the acquisition to the power of the existing brands in the Greenfield, Massachusetts market as well as synergies and growth opportunities expected through the combination with the Company s existing stations. The translators are start-up stations and therefore, have no pro forma revenue and expenses. On January 8, 2021, we closed on an agreement to purchase WBQL and W288DQ from Consolidated Media, LLC, for an aggregate purchase price of 175,000, of which 25,000 was paid in 2020 and the remaining 150,000 paid in 2021. Management attributes the goodwill recognized in the acquisition to the power of the existing brands in the Clarksville, Tennessee market as well as synergies and growth opportunities expected through the combination with the Company s existing stations. On January 2, 2020, we closed on an agreement to purchase W295BL from Basic Holdings, LLC, for an aggregate purchase price of 200,000, of which 10,000 was paid in 2019 and the remaining 190,000 paid in 2020. Management attributes the goodwill recognized in the acquisition to the power of the existing brands in the Manchester, New Hampshire market as well as synergies and growth opportunities expected through the combination with the Company s existing stations. On March 31, 2020, we sold land and a building in our Bellingham, Washington market for approximately 1,700,000 to Talbot Real Estate, LLC resulting in a 1,400,000 gain on the sale of assets. The gain is recorded in the other operating (income) expense, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. On December 7, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share and a special cash dividend of 2.00 per share on its Classes A Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 13,800,000, was paid on January 13, 2023 to shareholders of record on December 21, 2022 and is recorded in dividends payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. On September 20, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share and a special cash dividend of 2.00 per share on its Classes A Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 13,600,000, was paid on October 21, 2022 to shareholders of record on October 3, 2022. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 On June 6, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.20 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 1,200,000, was paid to our transfer agent on June 29, 2022. The dividend was paid by our transfer agent on July 1, 2022 to shareholders of record on June 13, 2022. On March 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.16 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 970,000, was paid on April 8, 2022 to shareholders of record on March 21, 2022. On December 14, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.16 per share and special cash dividend of 0.50 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 3,988,000, was paid on January 14, 2022 to shareholders of record on December 27, 2021 and was recorded in dividends payable on the Company s Consolidated Balance sheet at December 31, 2021. On September 28, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.16 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 960,000, was paid on October 22, 2021 to shareholders of record on October 8, 2021. On June 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.16 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 960,000, was paid on July 16, 2021 to shareholders of record on June 30, 2021 and was recorded in dividends payable on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance sheet at June 30, 2021. The Company had previously temporarily suspended the quarterly cash dividend in response to the uncertainty of the ongoing impact of COVID-19 as of June 18, 2020. On March 4, 2020, our Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of 0.32 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately 1.9 million, was paid on April 10, 2020 to shareholders of record on March 16, 2020 and funded by cash on the Company s balance sheet. On December 11, 2019, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.30 per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend totaling approximately 1.8 million was paid on January 17, 2020 to shareholders of record on December 27, 2019 and funded by cash on the Company s balance sheet. On October 27, 2021, we used 10 million from funds generated by operations to voluntarily pay down the remaining amount on our Revolving Credit Facility. On May 3, 2022, we used 10 million in cash to purchase U.S. Treasury Bills to be held to maturity with maturity dates between July 2022 and February 2023. During the year 8 million of those 10 million were redeemed and we used the proceeds to purchase an additional 8 million of U.S. Treasury Bills to be held to maturity. At December 31, 2022, we have recorded 10.1 million of held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury Bills at amortized cost basis that have a fair market value of 10 million. Our held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury Bills all have original maturity dates ranging from February 2023 to June 2023. We continue to actively seek and explore opportunities for expansion through the acquisitions of additional broadcast properties. We anticipate that any future acquisitions of radio stations and dividend payments will be financed through funds generated from operations, borrowings under the Credit Agreement, additional debt or equity financing, or a combination thereof. However, there can be no assurances that any such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Summary Disclosures About Contractual Obligations We have future cash obligations under various types of contracts, including the terms of our Credit Facility, operating leases, programming contracts, employment agreements, and other operating contracts. The following table reflects a summary of our contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due By Period Less Than More Than Contractual Obligations: Total 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 4 to 5 Years 5 Years (In thousands) Interest Payments on Long-Term Debt(1) 668 135 269 264 Operating Leases 7,993 1,829 2,998 1,941 1,225 Purchase Obligations(2) 32,085 13,116 15,000 2,802 1,167 Total Contractual Cash Obligations 40,746 15,080 18,267 5,007 2,392 

 (1) Interest payments on our Credit Facility are based on unused commitment of the credit facility and scheduled debt maturities, if we were to borrow in the future and the interest rates are held constant over the remaining terms. (2) Includes 15,317,000 in obligations under employment agreements and contracts with on-air personalities, other employees, and our President, and CEO, Christopher S. Forgy. 
 We anticipate that the above contractual cash obligations will be financed through funds generated from operations or additional borrowings under our Credit Facility, or a combination thereof. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures and contingencies. We evaluate estimates used in preparation of our financial statements on a continual basis, including estimates related to the following: Revenue Recognition: Revenue from the sale of commercial broadcast time to advertisers is recognized when commercials are broadcast. Revenue is reported net of advertising agency commissions. Agency commissions, when applicable, are based on a stated percentage applied to gross billing. All revenue is recognized in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 104, Topic 13, Revenue Recognition Revised and Updated and the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Carrying Value of Accounts Receivable and Related Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: We evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. In circumstances where we are aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations to us (e.g., bankruptcy filings, credit history, COVID-19 potential impact on our customers business, etc.), we record a specific reserve for bad debts against amounts due to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we reasonably believe will be collected. For all other customers, we recognize reserves for bad debts based on past loss history and the length of time the receivables are past due, ranging from 50 for amounts 90 days outstanding to 100 for amounts over 120 days outstanding. If our evaluations of the collectability of our accounts receivable differ from actual results, additional bad debt expense and allowances may be required. Our historical estimates have been a reliable method to estimate future allowances and our reserves have averaged approximately 2-5 of our outstanding receivables. The effect of an increase in our allowance of 1 of our outstanding receivables as of December 31, 2022, from 3.4 to 4.4 or from 519,000 to 671,000 would result in a decrease in net income of 100,000, net of taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the event we recover amounts previously written off, we will reduce the specific allowance for credit loss. Purchase Accounting: We account for our acquisitions under the purchase method of accounting. The total cost of acquisitions is allocated to the underlying net assets, based on their respective estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of consideration paid over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair values of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. Broadcast Licenses and Goodwill: As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded approximately 90,307,000 in broadcast licenses and 19,236,000 in goodwill, which represents 46 of our total assets. In assessing the recoverability of these assets, we must conduct impairment testing and charge to operations an impairment expense only in the periods in which the carrying value of these assets is more than their fair value. We conduct the impairment testing of broadcast licenses and goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. There was no impairment of broadcast licenses in 2021 or 2022. During 2020, we recognized a 5,149,000 impairment charge 1,392,000 in the third quarter of 2020 and 3,757,000 in the second quarter of 2020) for broadcast license due to a decrease in projected revenue in the markets listed below due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, an increase in the discount rate used in the discounted cash flow analyses to estimate the fair value of our FCC licenses due to certain risks specifically associated with the Company and the radio broadcasting industry, and a decrease in mature operating margins in small markets due to the cost of operations in a small market. We were starting to see increased revenue from our low point in the second quarter of 2020, however, they were not at the previously expected recovery rate. Our third quarter 2020 impairment charge related to our Bellingham, Washington; Champaign, Illinois; Charleston, South Carolina; Columbus, Ohio; Harrisonburg, Virginia; Mitchell, North Dakota; Spencer, Iowa and Springfield, Illinois markets. Our second quarter 2020 impairment charge related to our Bucyrus, Ohio; Champaign, Illinois; Charleston, South Carolina; Columbus, Ohio; Harrisonburg, Virginia; Hilton Head, South Carolina; Mitchell, South Dakota; and Ocala, Florida markets. We also reviewed our value of goodwill and other long-lived assets as of June 30, 2020 and September 30, 2020, noting no impairment in goodwill or other long-lived assets. Please refer to Note 3 Broadcast Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of several key assumptions used in the fair value estimate of our broadcast licenses during 2020 impairment tests. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 We believe our estimate of the value of our broadcast licenses is a critical accounting estimate as the value is significant in relation to our total assets, and our estimate of the value uses assumptions that incorporate variables based on past experiences and judgments about future operating performance of our stations. These variables include but are not limited to: (1) the forecast growth rate of each radio market, including population, household income, retail sales and other expenditures that would influence advertising expenditures; (2) market share and profit margin of an average station within a market; (3) estimated capital start-up costs and losses incurred during the early years; (4) risk-adjusted discount rate; (5) the likely media competition within the market area; and (6) terminal values. Changes in our estimates of the fair value of these assets could result in material future period write-downs in the carrying value of our broadcast licenses. For illustrative purposes only, during our 2022 impairment test had the fair values of each of our broadcasting licenses been lower by 10 -30 , we would not have had to record any additional broadcast license impairment. Tax Provisions: Our estimates of income taxes and the significant items giving rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities are shown in the notes to our consolidated financial statements and reflect our assessment of actual future taxes to be paid on items reflected in the financial statements, giving consideration to both timing and probability of these estimates. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law or results from the final review of our tax returns by federal, state or foreign tax authorities. We use our judgment to determine whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets are reduced by valuation allowances if the Company believes it is more than likely than not that some portion or the entire asset will not be realized. Litigation and Contingencies: On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our exposure related to litigation and contingencies and record a liability when available information indicates that a liability is probable and estimable. We also disclose significant matters that are reasonably possible to result in a loss or are probable but not estimable. Market Risk and Risk Management Policies Our earnings are affected by changes in short-term interest rates as a result of our long-term debt arrangements. If we had borrowings against our long-term debt arrangements, in the event of an adverse change in interest rates, management may take actions to mitigate our exposure. Inflation The impact of inflation on our operations has not been significant to date. We are however, starting to see the effects of higher inflation starting to impact costs of most goods and services. There can be no assurance that a high rate of inflation in the future would not have an adverse effect on our operations. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recent accounting pronouncements are described in Note 1 to the accompanying financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Information appearing under the caption Market Risk and Risk Management Policies in Item 7 is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The financial statements attached hereto are filed as part of this annual report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting were effective to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act will be recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework as set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on our evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by UHY LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which appears below. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors Saga Communications, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Saga Communications, Inc. s (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Saga Communications, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedule, and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ UHY LLP Sterling Heights, Michigan March 16, 2023 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year. See also Item 1. Business Information About Our Executive Officers. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year. In addition, the information contained in the Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan Information subheading under Item 5 of this report is incorporated by reference herein. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) 1. Financial Statements The following consolidated financial statements attached hereto are filed as part of this annual report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 48 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 50 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 51 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 52 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 53 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 54 2. Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements attached hereto and filed as part of this annual report. All other schedules for which provision are made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 3. Exhibits The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Saga Communications, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Saga Communications, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, listed in the index at item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Saga Communications, Inc. at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to an account or disclosure that is material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Audit Matter Broadcast License Impairment Analysis As disclosed in Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company evaluates Federal Communications Commission licenses (or broadcast licenses for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1st or, more frequently, if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the Company s broadcast licenses may not be recoverable. The broadcast license balance as of December 31, 2022 was 90.3 million. The Company considers potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a market s broadcast license to its carrying value. Fair value is estimated by management using the Greenfield method at the market level, which is a discounted cash flow approach assuming a start-up scenario in which the only assets held by an investor are broadcasting licenses. Management s cash flow projections include significant judgments and assumptions related to market growth rates and market profit margin, estimated available market revenue including market share, terminal values and discount rates. We identified broadcast license impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the Company s broadcast licenses. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of inputs into the discounted cash flow model driven by management s estimates. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures performed to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions included assessing the methodologies used by the Company and testing the significant assumptions used in the quantitative models. We tested the effectiveness of the control over management s evaluation and determination of estimates and assumptions used as the inputs in the impairment models. We compared the cash flow models prepared by management to historical revenues and profit margins as well as third-party market data to evaluate the reasonableness of the assumptions. We evaluated historical trends in assessing the reasonableness of growth rate assumptions and performed sensitivity analysis of certain significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting units that would result from changes in these assumptions. We performed procedures to verify the mathematical accuracy of the calculations of broadcast license impairment used by management. We involved our valuation specialists to assist us in identifying the significant assumptions underlying the models, assessing the rationale and supporting documents related to these assumptions and determining the appropriateness and reasonableness of the methodologies employed. Furthermore, we assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. March 16, 2023 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Saga Communications, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except par value) 

December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, less allowance of in 2021) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Barter transactions Total current assets Property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation Net property and equipment Other assets: Broadcast licenses, net Goodwill Other intangibles, right of use assets, deferred costs and investments, net of accumulated amortization of in 2021) Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued payroll and payroll taxes Dividend payable Other accrued expenses Barter transactions Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, shares authorized, issued and outstanding Common stock: Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued in 2021) Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued in 2021) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock shares in 2022 and shares in 2021, at cost) ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying notes. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Saga Communications, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands, except per share data) Net operating revenue Operating expenses: Station operating expense Corporate general and administrative Other operating (income) expense, net ) ) Impairment of intangible assets - - Operating income (loss) ) Other (income) expenses: Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) Other income ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax provision (benefit): Current Deferred ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average common shares Weighted average common and common equivalent shares Dividends declared per share See accompanying notes. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Saga Communications, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid-In Retained Treasury Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Earnings Stock Equity (In thousands) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Net loss ) ) Conversion of shares from Class B to Class A ) Forfeiture of restricted stock ) Dividends declared per common share ) ) Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards Purchase of shares held in treasury ) ) 401(k) plan contribution ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Conversion of shares from Class B to Class A ) Issuance of restricted stock Dividends declared per common share ) ) Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards Purchase of shares held in treasury ) ) 401(k) plan contribution ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Conversion of shares from Class B to Class A ) ) Issuance of restricted stock ) Dividends declared per common share ) ) Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards Purchase of shares held in treasury ) ) 401(k) plan contribution ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying notes. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Saga Communications, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Impairment of intangible assets Amortization of deferred costs Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards (Gain) loss on sale of assets, net ) ) (Gain) on insurance claims ) ) ) Other (gain) loss, net ) ) Barter (revenue) expense, net ) ) Deferred and other compensation ) Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables and prepaid expenses ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities ) Total adjustments Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of Short-term investments ) Redemption of Short-term investments Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of broadcast properties ) ) ) Proceeds from sale and disposal of assets Proceeds from insurance claims Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments on long-term debt ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period See accompanying notes. 
 53 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 FM, AM radio stations and metro signals, serving markets throughout the United States. , and of our net operating revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We sell advertising to local and national companies throughout the United States. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts at a level which we believe is sufficient to cover potential credit losses. t have any time deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021. million of held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury Bills at amortized cost basis that have a fair market value of million. Our held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury Bills all have original maturity dates ranging from February 2023 to June 2023. We had marketable securities at December 31, 2021. 
 54 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) December 31, 2021 ) December 31, 2020 ) 
 55 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Buildings years Towers and antennae - years Equipment - years Furniture, fixtures and leasehold improvements - years Vehicles 5 years Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property and equipment Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. broadcast licenses serving markets, which require renewal over the period of 2023-2030. In determining that the Company s broadcast licenses qualified as indefinite-lived intangible assets, management considered a variety of factors including our broadcast licenses may be renewed indefinitely at little cost; our broadcast licenses are essential to our business and we intend to renew our licenses indefinitely; we have never been denied the renewal of an FCC broadcast license nor do we believe that there will be any compelling challenge to the renewal of our broadcast licenses; and we do not believe that the technology used in broadcasting will be replaced by another technology in the foreseeable future. Separable intangible assets that have finite lives are amortized over their useful lives using the straight-line method. Favorable lease agreements are amortized over the leases length, ranging from one to . Other intangibles are amortized over one to . Customer relationships are amortized over . , and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 the net book value of debt issuance costs related to our line of credit was , and , respectively, and was presented in other intangibles, deferred costs and investments in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 56 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 of the combined voting power of the Company s Common Stock based on our Class B Common Stock (together with the Class A Common Stock, collectively, the Common Stock generally being entitled to votes per share. As a result, Mr. Christian was generally able to control the vote on most matters submitted to the vote of shareholders and, therefore, was able to direct our management and policies, except with respect to (i) the election of Class A directors, (ii) those matters where the shares of our Class B Common Stock were only entitled to vote per share, and (iii) other matters requiring a class vote under the provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or applicable law. Mr. Christian s passing resulted in the conversion of his Class B Shares into Class A Shares that were transferred to an estate planning trust that now owns approximately of the common stock outstanding. As a result, we longer have any shares of Class B Common Stock issued or outstanding . million to million. The Buy-Back Program allows us to repurchase our Class A Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had remaining authorization of million for future repurchases of our Class A Common Stock. Repurchases of shares of our Common Stock are recorded as Treasury stock and result in a reduction of Shareholders equity. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we acquired shares at an average price of per share, shares at an average price of per share and shares at an average price of per share, respectively. 
 57 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. per share and a special cash dividend of per share on its Classes A Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid on January 13, 2023 to shareholders of record on December 21, 2022 and is recorded in dividends payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. On September 20, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share and a special cash dividend of per share on its Classes A Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid on October 21, 2022 to shareholders of record on October 3, 2022. On June 6, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid to our transfer agent on June 29, 2022. The dividend was paid by our transfer agent on July 1, 2022 to shareholders of record on June 13, 2022. On March 1, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid on April 8, 2022 to shareholders of record on March 21, 2022. On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share and special cash dividend of per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid on to shareholders of record on and was recorded in dividends payable on the Company s Consolidated Balance sheet at December 31, 2021 . 
 58 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid on to shareholders of record on . On , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , was paid on to shareholders of record on and was recorded in dividends payable on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance sheet at June 30, 2021. The Company had previously temporarily suspended the quarterly cash dividend in response to the uncertainty of the ongoing impact of COVID-19 as of June 18, 2020. On June 18, 2020, our Board of Directors announced that it was temporarily suspending the quarterly cash dividend in response to the continued uncertainty of the ongoing impact of COVID-19. On March 4, 2020, our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Classes A and B Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately million, was paid on April 10, 2020 to shareholders of record on March 16, 2020 and funded by cash on the Company s balance sheet. radio markets (reporting units) that aggregate into operating segment (Radio), which also qualifies as a reportable segment. We operate under reportable busines segment for which segment disclosure is consistent with the management decision-making process that determines the allocation of resources and the measuring of performance. The Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM evaluates the results of the radio operating segment and makes operating and capital investment decisions based at the Company level. Furthermore, technological enhancements and system integration decisions are reached at the Company level and applied to all markets rather than to specific or individual markets to ensure that each market has the same tools and opportunities as every other market. Managers at the market level do not report to the CODM and instead report to other senior management, who are responsible for the operational oversight of radio markets and for communication of results to the CODM. We continually review our operating segment classification to align with operational changes in our business and may make changes as necessary. 
 59 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) Less: Income allocated to unvested participating securities ) Net income available to common shareholders ) Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted average shares Effect of dilutive securities: Common stock equivalents Denominator for diluted earnings per share adjusted weighted-average shares and assumed conversions Earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) There were stock options outstanding that had an antidilutive effect on our earnings per share calculation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The actual effect of these shares, if any, on the diluted earnings per share calculation will vary significantly depending on fluctuations in the stock price. 
 60 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Digital Advertising Revenue Other Revenue Net Revenue 
 61 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Contract Liabilities Payments from our advertisers are generally due within 30 days although certain advertisers are required to pay in advance. When an advertiser pays for the services in advance of the performance obligations these prepayments are contract liabilities. Typical contract liabilities relate to prepayments for advertising spots not yet run; prepayments from sponsors for events that have not yet been held; and gift cards sold on our websites used to finance a broadcast advertising campaign. Generally all contract liabilities are expected to be recognized within one year and are included in accounts payable in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and are immaterial. Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations As the majority of our contracts are one year or less, we have utilized the optional exemption under ASC 606-10-50-14 and will not disclose information about the remaining performance obligations for contracts which have original expected durations of one year or less. 
 62 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2022 2022 Impairment Test We completed our impairment annual impairment test of broadcast licenses during the fourth quarter of 2022 and determined that the fair value of the broadcast licenses was greater than the carrying value recorded for each of our markets and, accordingly, no impairment was recorded. The following table reflects certain key estimates and assumptions used in the impairment tests during the fourth quarter ended 2022, the fourth quarter of 2021 and the year ended 2020. The ranges for operating profit margin and market long-term revenue growth rates vary by market. In general, when comparing between 2022, 2021 and 2020: (1) the market specific operating profit margin range remained relatively consistent; (2) the market long-term revenue growth rates were relatively consistent with some stabilization of rates in 2022; (3) the discount rate decreased; and (4) current year revenue projections increased with amounts previously projected for 2022. - - Operating profit margin ranges - - - Market long-term revenue growth rates - - - If actual market conditions are less favorable than those estimated by us or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of our broadcast licenses below the carrying value, we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges in future periods. Such a charge could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. We will continue to monitor potential triggering events and perform the appropriate analysis when deemed necessary. 
 63 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million related to the FCC licenses in our Bucyrus, Ohio; Champaign, Illinois; Charleston, South Carolina; Columbus, Ohio; Harrisonburg, Virginia; Hilton Head, South Carolina; Mitchell, South Dakota; and Ocala, Florida markets. The impairment charges were primarily due to a decrease in projected revenue in these markets due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, an increase in the discount rate used in the discounted cash flow analyses to estimate the fair value of our FCC licenses due to certain risks specifically associated with the Company and the radio broadcasting industry, and a decrease in mature operating margins in small markets due to the cost of operations in a small market. As a result of the quantitative impairment test performed as of September 30, 2020, the Company determined that the fair value of the broadcast licenses were less than the carrying amount on the balance sheet and recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling million for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 related to the FCC licenses in our Bellingham, Washington; Champaign, Illinois; Charleston, South Carolina; Columbus, Ohio; Harrisonburg, Virginia; Mitchell, South Dakota; Spencer, Iowa and Springfield, Illinois. The impairment charges were primarily due to a decrease in projected revenue in these markets due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, an increase in the discount rate used in 2019 but slightly less than in the second quarter of 2020, in the discounted cash flow analyses to estimate the fair value of our FCC licenses due to certain risks specifically associated with the Company and the radio broadcasting industry, and a decrease in mature operating margins in small markets due to the cost of operations in a small market. 
 64 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2022 Other Intangible Assets Favorable lease agreements Customer relationships Other intangibles Total amortizable intangible assets We have recorded amortizable intangible assets at December 31, 2021 as follows: 

Gross Carrying Accumulated Net Amount Amortization Amount (In thousands) Non-competition agreements Favorable lease agreements Customer relationships Other intangibles Total amortizable intangible assets Aggregate amortization expense for these intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. Our estimated annual amortization expense for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027 is , , , and , respectively. 
 65 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million from funds generated by operations to voluntarily pay down the remaining amount on our Revolving Credit Facility and as such, have debt outstanding at December 31, 2021 or 2022. On August 18, 2015, we entered into a credit facility (the Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., The Huntington National Bank, Citizens Bank, National Association and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. The Credit Facility consisted of a million revolving facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and originally matured on . On June 27, 2018, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to its Credit Facility, (the Second Amendment ), which had first been amended on September 1, 2017, extending the revolving credit maturity date under the Credit Agreement for after the date of the amendment to . On July 1, 2019, we elected to reduce our Revolving Credit Facility to million. On May 11, 2020, as part of our reincorporation as a Florida corporation, we entered into an assumption agreement and amendment of loan documents. The amendment also included an alternative benchmark rate as a replacement to LIBOR. On November 1, 2021, we elected to further reduce our Revolving Credit Facility to million. On December 19, 2022, we entered into a Third Amendment to our Credit Facility, (the Third Amendment ), which extended the maturity date to December 19, 2027, reduced the lenders to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and the Huntington National Bank, established an interest rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR as administered by the SOFR Administrator (currently established as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) as the interest base and increased the basis points. We have pledged substantially all of our assets (excluding our FCC licenses and certain other assets) in support of the Credit Facility and each of our subsidiaries has guaranteed the Credit Facility and has pledged substantially all of their assets (excluding their FCC licenses and certain other assets) in support of the Credit Facility. Approximately of debt issuance costs related to the Credit Facility were capitalized and are being amortized over the life of the Credit Facility. These debt issuance costs are included in other assets, net in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of the Second Amendment, we incurred an additional of transaction fees related to the Credit Facility that were capitalized. As a result of the Third Amendment, the Company incurred an additional of transaction fees related to the Credit Facility that were capitalized. The cumulative transaction fees are being amortized over the remaining life of the Credit Facility. Interest rates under the Credit Facility are payable, at our option, at alternatives equal to SOFR at December 31, 2022), plus to or the base rate plus to . The spread over SOFR and the base rate vary from time to time, depending upon our financial leverage. Letters of credit issued under the Credit Facility will be subject to a participation fee (which is equal to the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Loans, as defined in the Credit Agreement) payable to each of the Lenders and a fronting fee equal to per annum payable to the issuing bank. Under the Third Amendment, we now pay quarterly commitment fees of per annum on the used portion of the Credit Facility. We previously paid quarterly commitment fees of to per annum on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. The Credit Facility contains a number of financial covenants (all of which we were in compliance with at December 31, 2022) which, among other things, require us to maintain specified financial ratios and impose certain limitations on us with respect to investments, additional indebtedness, dividends, distributions, guarantees, liens and encumbrances. After we paid down our debt and reduced our Revolving Credit Facility as noted above, we had approximately million of unused borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022. 
 66 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Income taxes Non-cash transactions: Barter revenue Barter expense Acquisition of property and equipment Use of treasury shares for 401(k) match was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to income tax expense of for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rate was approximately for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 year to date tax rate was impacted by million in expenses in the third quarter related to the compensation of our CEO upon his death, in accordance with his employment agreement that are permanent differences between our book and taxable income. 
 67 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 Intangible assets Prepaid expenses Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Allowance for doubtful accounts Compensation Other accrued liabilities Less: valuation allowance Total net deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liabilities Current portion of deferred tax assets Non-current portion of deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets are required to be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we do t have a valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, net deferred tax liabilities include a deferred tax asset of and , respectively, relating to deferred compensation, stock-based compensation expense, accrued compensation, the allowance for doubtful accounts, and other accrued expenses. State Total current Total deferred ) Total Income Tax Provision 
 68 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) State tax expense, net of federal benefit Other, net The 2022 and 2021 effective tax rates exceed the federal statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible compensation related expenses and state income taxes. The 2020 effective tax rate exceeded the federal statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible compensation related expenses, book tax differences in impairment charges and state income taxes. The Company files income taxes in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and in various state and local jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal examinations by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for years prior to 2019. The Company is subject to examination for income and non-income tax filings in various states. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 there were accrued balances recorded related to uncertain tax positions. We classify income tax-related interest and penalties that are related to income tax liabilities as a component of income tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had -, -, and , respectively, tax-related interest and penalties and had accrued at December 31, 2022 and 2021. shares of Class B Common Stock. The Second Restated 2005 Plan allows for the granting of restricted stock, restricted stock units, incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, and performance awards to eligible employees and non-employee directors. The number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued under the Second Restated 2005 Plan may not exceed shares of Class B Common Stock, shares of Class A Common Stock of which up to shares of Class A Common Stock may be issued pursuant to incentive stock options and Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Class B Common Stock. Awards denominated in Class A Common Stock may be granted to any employee or director under the Second Restated 2005 Plan. Upon the passing of Mr. Christian, we no longer have any holders of Class B Common Stock, as those awards denominated in Class B Common Stock were only able to be granted to Mr. Christian. Stock options granted under the Second Restated 2005 Plan may be for terms not exceeding ten years from the date of grant and . On March, 1, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the 2023 Incentive Compensation Plan to be approved by our shareholders at our Annual Meeting in May 2023. 
 69 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 compensation expense related to stock options for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We calculated the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The estimated expected volatility, expected term of options and estimated annual forfeiture rate were determined based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the stock-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. There were options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 and there were stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Granted - Vested ) Forfeited/canceled/expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled/expired Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled/expired Non-vested and outstanding at December 31, 2022 Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years) The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock that granted during 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. There were restricted stock grants awarded in 2020. The net value of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards aggregated , and at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 70 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 , and , respectively, of total compensation expense related to restricted stock-based arrangements. The expense is included in corporate general and administrative expenses in our results of operations. The associated tax benefit recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company s discretionary contribution to the plan was approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Deferred Compensation Plan In 1999 we established a Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan which allows officers and certain management employees to annually elect to defer a portion of their compensation, on a pre-tax basis, until their retirement. The retirement benefit to be provided is based on the amount of compensation deferred and any earnings thereon. Deferred compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. We invest in company-owned life insurance policies to assist in funding these programs. The cash surrender values of these policies are in a rabbi trust and are recorded as our assets. Split Dollar Officer Life Insurance We provide split dollar insurance benefits to certain executive officers and record an asset equal to the cumulative premiums paid on the related policies, as we will fully recover these premiums under the terms of the plan. We retain a collateral assignment of the cash surrender values and policy death benefits payable to insure recovery of these premiums. 
 71 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 of which was paid in 2021 and the remainder was paid on April 6, 2022 when we closed on the transaction. Management attributes the goodwill recognized in the acquisition to the power of the existing brands in the Greenfield, Massachusetts market as well as synergies and growth opportunities expected through the combination with the Company s existing stations. The translators are start-up stations and therefore, have no pro forma revenue and expenses. 2021 Acquisitions On January 8, 2021, the Company closed on an agreement to purchase WBQL and W288DQ from Consolidated Media, LLC, for an aggregate purchase price of , of which was paid in 2020 and the remaining paid in 2021. Management attributes the goodwill recognized in the acquisition to the power of the existing brands in the Clarksville, Tennessee market as well as synergies and growth opportunities expected through the combination with the Company s existing stations. The translators are start-up stations and therefore, have no pro forma revenue and expenses. 2020 Acquisitions On January 2, 2020, we closed on an agreement to purchase W295BL from Basic Holdings, LLC, for an aggregate purchase price of thousand, of which thousand was paid in 2019 and the remaining thousand paid in 2020. Management attributes the goodwill recognized in the acquisition to the power of the existing brands in the Manchester, New Hampshire market as well as synergies and growth opportunities expected through the combination with our existing stations. The translators are start-up stations and therefore, have no pro forma revenue and expenses. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet of 2022 and 2021 Acquisitions: The following condensed balance sheets represent the estimated fair value assigned to the related assets and liabilities of the 2022 and 2021 acquisitions at their respective acquisition dates. Other assets: Broadcast licenses Goodwill Total other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed: Current liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 72 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 per year, adjusted as discussed in the next paragraph below. Mr. Christian was permitted to defer any or all of his annual salary. Additionally, the Company was authorized to pay for Mr. Christian s tax preparation services on an annual basis, the amount of which was subject to income tax as additional compensation. Pursuant to the 2011 employment agreement, commencing on June 1, 2012, and each anniversary thereafter, the Compensation Committee was required to determine in its discretion the amount of any increase in Mr. Christian s then existing annual salary; provided, however, that such increase would not be less than the greater of or a cost of living increase based on the consumer price index. Pursuant to the 2016 amendment, the amended 2011 employment agreement provided that such increase in Mr. Christian s then existing salary would not be less than the greater of or a cost of living increase based on the consumer price index. The amended 2011 employment agreement also provided that Mr. Christian was eligible for equity awards under the 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan as shall be approved by the Compensation Committee and bonuses in such amounts as shall be determined pursuant to the terms of the CEO Plan or as otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion based on the performance of the Company and the accomplishments of objectives established by the Compensation Committee in consultation with Mr. Christian. Under the amended 2011 employment agreement, Mr. Christian was eligible to participate, in accordance with their terms, in all medical and health plans, life insurance, profit sharing, 401(k) Plan, pension, and such other employment benefits as are maintained by the Company or its affiliates for other key employees performing services. During the term of the employment agreement, the Company was required to maintain all existing policies of insurance on Mr. Christian s life, including the existing split dollar policy. The Company was also required to pay for Mr. Christian to participate in an executive medical plan and to maintain its existing medical reimbursement policy. Mr. Christian was also furnished with an automobile and other fringe benefits as have been afforded him in the past or as are consistent with his position. In addition, the Company agreed to maintain an office for Mr. Christian in Sarasota County, Florida. The 2016 amendment increased the paid vacation time awarded to Mr. Christian on the anniversary date of the 2011 employment agreement from four weeks to six weeks of paid vacation. 
 73 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 million in cash, common stock and a life insurance policy of which million was recorded upon his passing in the third quarter of 2022, and million had been accrued for in previous periods. The estate was the beneficiary of a lump-sum payment of his current base salary plus accrued unused vacation time totaling million which was paid in October 2022. Mr. Christian s estate will also be provided with a prorated bonus that Mr. Christian earned of approximately to be paid in March 2023. Mr. Christian had approximately withheld as deferred compensation that will be paid to the estate in January 2023. Additionally, under the agreement, any award previously granted under the Company s 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan were immediately vested and provided to the estate. At the date of Mr. Christian s passing, he had approximately shares of unvested restricted stock that immediately vested at a price of for a total of million in common stock received by the estate. Mr. Christian s estate is now the beneficiary of the Split Dollar life insurance policy that has a cash surrender value of approximately . Under the agreement, the Company will be responsible to pay the estate s income tax obligation relating to the payout of the life insurance policy. The estimate of the possible loss related to that tax obligation cannot be made at this time due to uncertainties related to the timing of the transfer. Lastly, under the agreement, the Company shall continue to pay for the healthcare coverage and life insurance premiums for Mr. Christian s spouse for which totals approximately . Mr. Lada s Letter Agreement On August 21, 2022, we entered into a letter employment agreement with Warren S. Lada, a member of our Board, to serve as our Interim President and CEO following the death of Mr. Christian, to serve in this capacity while the Company conducted a formal search for a permanent successor to Mr. Christian. Under the terms of the letter agreement we paid Mr. Lada an annualized base salary of during his service as Interim President and CEO; provided local transportation to the Company offices for up to three days a week and he was eligible to participate in the Company s benefit plans, including the 401(k) plan, as an employee, upon completion of the eligibility requirements. Mr. Forgy s Employment Agreement On November 16, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Christopher S. Forgy, who was appointed as our President and CEO effective December 7, 2022. Mr. Forgy s employment agreement has an initial term of , and we and Mr. Forgy may mutually agree to extend the term for an additional two years. Either party may provide written notice of its intent not to extend the initial term at least prior to the end of the initial term. Under the agreement, Mr. Forgy s base salary is set at for the first year and will increase annually. If the Company and Mr. Forgy mutually agree to renew the term of Mr. Forgy s employment for an additional , Mr. Forgy s base salary would increase in the fourth and fifth year by as well. Mr. Forgy will have the opportunity to earn an annual performance bonus under the CEO Plan. His bonus in any fiscal year will be in a minimum of and a maximum of of his annual base salary as of January 1 of the fiscal year, and will be based on his performance and the achievement of performance goals established by the Compensation Committee within the first of the fiscal year. The Board may instead grant Mr. Forgy a discretionary bonus in the case of a financial, national or global occurrence, or a generally difficult year. Mr. Forgy was granted a discretionary bonus for the 2022 fiscal year. Mr. Forgy is also eligible for equity awards under the 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, or any successor equity incentive plan, in accordance with the provisions of that plan that apply to the CEO. 
 74 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 advance notice. If Mr. Forgy s employment is terminated by us for cause, if he resigns without good reason, or if his employment terminates by reason of death or disability, he will receive any accrued but unpaid base salary and any benefits under the Company s benefit plans (the accrued amounts. If Mr. Forgy s employment is terminated by us without cause or if he resigns for good reason, he will receive the accrued amounts; continuation of his base salary for the longer of or the remainder of the initial term or the renewal term, as applicable; any awarded but unpaid annual bonus with respect to any completed fiscal year preceding the termination date; immediate and full vesting of any unvested shares of restricted stock then held by Mr. Forgy; and payment or reimbursement of COBRA premiums for Mr. Forgy and his spouse for up to . If Mr. Forgy consents to the renewal term and the Company does not consent, Mr. Forgy will be entitled to the accrued amounts; an amount equal to of the sum of (i) Mr. Forgy s base salary paid in the prior calendar year plus (ii) his annual bonus earned for the previous fiscal year, immediate and full vesting of any unvested shares of restricted stock then held by Mr. Forgy; and payment or reimbursement of COBRA premiums for Mr. Forgy and his spouse for up to . Mr. Forgy agreed that, for a period of after the termination of his employment, he will not (i) solicit business of the type performed by the Company anywhere in the United States; (ii) solicit from any person who has purchased services from the Company during the preceding his termination for business of the type performed by the Company in the United States, or in any other location; or (iii) offer employment to any person employed by the Company, or entice any such person to leave employment with the Company. The employment agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants. Change in Control Agreements In December 2007, Samuel D. Bush, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marcia K. Lobaito, at the time, Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary and Director of Business Affairs, and Catherine Bobinski, Senior Vice President/Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller, entered into Change in Control Agreements. In September 2018, Christopher S. Forgy, Senior Vice President of Operations entered into a Change in Control Agreement. In July 2020, Eric Christian, Chief Marketing Officer entered into a Change in Control Agreement. Eric Christian is the son of Edward K. Christian, our former President, CEO and Chairman. A change in control is defined to mean the occurrence of (a) any person or group becoming the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities and Mr. Christian ceasing to be Chairman and CEO of the Company; (b) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent more than of the combined voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity; or (c) the approval of the shareholders of the Company of a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets. 
 75 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 times the average of the executive s last three full calendar years of such executive s base salary and any annual cash bonus paid. In the event that such payment constitutes a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G subject to an excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, the Company shall pay the executive an additional amount so that the executive will receive the entire amount of the lump sum payment before deduction for federal, state and local income tax and payroll tax. In the event of a change in control (other than the approval of plan of liquidation), the Company or the surviving entity may require as a condition to receipt of payment that the executive continue in employment for a period of up to six months after consummation of the change in control. During such six months, executive will continue to earn his pre-existing salary and benefits. In such case, the executive shall be paid the lump sum payment upon completion of the continued employment. If, however, the executive fails to remain employed during this period of continued employment for any reason other than (a) termination without cause by the Company or the surviving entity, (b) death, (c) disability or (d) breach of the agreement by the Company or the surviving entity, then executive shall not be paid the lump sum payment. In addition, if the executive s employment is terminated by the Company without cause within six months prior to the consummation of a change in control, then the executive shall be paid the lump sum payment within 45 days of such change in control. Other Related Party Transactions Effective June 19, 2019, we employed Eric Christian, son of Edward K. Christian, our President, CEO and Chairman at the time, as our Director of Solution Architecture. Eric Christian was promoted to Vice President of Digital Solutions in July 2020 and was subsequently was promoted to Chief Marketing Officer in February 2023. The Board of Directors approved the employment of Eric Christian and subsequent promotions. As previously disclosed, Edward K. Chrisian passed away in August 2022 and resulted in the converstion of his Class B Shares into Class A Shares that were transferred to an estate planning trust, of which Edward K. Christian s surviving spouse, and Eric Christian s mother is the trustee of. The estate owns approximately of the Common Stock outstanding. fully paid and non-assessable Class A share. We longer have any shares of Class B Common Stock issued or outstanding, nor will there be any issued in the future. Dividends. Shareholders are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. However, dividend may be declared or paid in cash or property on any share of any class of Common Stock unless simultaneously the same dividend is declared or paid on each share of the other class of common stock. In the case of any stock dividend, holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive the same percentage dividend (payable in shares of Class A Common Stock) as the holders of Class B Common Stock receive (payable in shares of Class B Common Stock). Voting Rights. Holders of shares of Common Stock vote as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders, with each share of Class A Common Stock entitled to vote. Prior to Mr. Christian s passing, each share of Class B Common Stock was entitled to votes, except (i) in the election for directors, (ii) with respect to any going private transaction between the Company and the principal shareholder, and (iii) as otherwise provided by law. 
 76 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 percent, or two, of our directors. The holders of the Common Stock, voting as a single class with each share of Class A Common Stock entitled to vote and each share of Class B Common Stock entitled to votes, were entitled to elect the remaining directors. The Board of Directors consisted of members at December 31, 2022. Currently, our Board of Directors consists of members. Holders of Common Stock are not entitled to cumulative voting in the election of directors. The holders of the Common Stock vote as a single class with respect to any proposed going private transaction with the principal shareholder or an affiliate of the principal shareholder, with each share of each class of Common Stock entitled to one vote per share. Under Florida law, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of any class of common stock is required to approve, among other things, a change in the designations, preferences and limitations of the shares of such class of common stock. Liquidation Rights. Upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up, the holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in accordance with the number of shares held in all assets available for distribution after payment in full of creditors. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Lease liabilities were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded additional ROU assets under operating leases of , which is a non-cash transaction. Payments on lease liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and ,respectively. Lease expense includes cost for leases with terms in excess of one year. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our total lease expense was , and , respectively. Short-term lease costs are de minimus. 
 77 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments (a) Less: Interest (b) Present value of lease liabilities (c) 

 (a) Lease payments include options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised. There were no legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced at December 31, 2022. (b) Our leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. Therefore, we must estimate our discount rate for such leases to determine the present value of lease payments at the lease commencement date. (c) The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate used in calculating our lease liabilities were years and , respectively, at December 31, 2022. 
 Performance Fees and Royalties We incur fees from performing rights organizations PRO to license our public performance of the musical works contained in each PRO s repertory. The Radio Music Licensing Committee RMLC ), of which we are a represented participant, (1) entered into an Interim License Agreement with American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers that was effective January 1, 2022 and will remain in effect until the date on which the parties reached agreement as to, or there is court determination of, new interim or final fees, terms, and conditions of a new license for the period commencing on January 1, 2022 and concluding on December 31, 2026; (2) is negotiating and will enter into, on behalf of the participating members, an Interim License Agreement with Broadcast Music, Inc.; (3) reached an agreement with the Society of European Stage Authors and Composers that is retroactive to January 1, 2016; and (4) in January 2022, RMLC and Global Music Rights GMR reach a conditional settlement of the GMR-RMLC antitrust and/or unfair competition litigations and we have entered into an agreement with GMR. To secure the rights to stream music content over the Internet, we also must obtain performance rights licenses and pay public performance royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings (typically, performing artists and record companies). We pay the applicable royalty rates to SoundExchange, the organization designated by the Copyright Royalty Board CRB to collect and distribute royalties under these statutory licenses. From time to time, SoundExchange notifies us that certain calendar years are subject to routine audits of our royalty payments. The results of such audits could result in higher royalty payments for the subject years. There is no guarantee that the licenses and associated royalty rates that currently are available to us will be available to us in the future. In addition, Congress may consider and adopt legislation that would require us to pay royalties to sound recording copyright owners for broadcasting those recordings on our terrestrial radio stations. 
 78 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 if we obtain approval from the FCC for a city of license change. Short-term investments Level 1 Revolving Credit Facility Level 2 Our financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term debt. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are derived from quoted market prices and are considered a level 1. Interest on the Credit Facility is at a variable rate, and as such the debt obligation outstanding approximates fair value and is considered a level 2. Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements We have certain assets that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis under the circumstances and events described in Note 3 Broadcast Licenses, Goodwill and Other Intangibles, and are adjusted to fair value only when the carrying values are more than the fair values. 
 79 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 to their fair value of , resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of , which is included in net income for the year ended December 31, 2020. The categorization of the framework used to price the assets is considered a level 3, due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used to determine the fair value. (See Note 3 for the disclosure of certain key assumptions used to develop the unobservable inputs.) Station operating expenses Corporate G A Other operating expense (income), net ) ) ) ) ) Operating income (loss) Other (income) expenses: Interest expense Interest (income) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision (benefit) Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings(loss) per share ) Weighted average common shares Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Weighted average common and common equivalent shares 
 80 

Table of Contents Saga Communications, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 , resuling in a gain of which is recorded in the other (income) expense, net, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. In 2012, Congress mandated that the FCC conduct an incentive auction of broadcast television spectrum as set forth in the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 Spectrum Act ). The Spectrum Act authorized the FCC to conduct incentive auctions in which licensees could voluntarily relinquish their spectrum usage rights in order to permit the assignment by auction of new initial licenses subject to flexible use service rules, in exchange for a portion of the resulting auction proceeds. The Spectrum Act appropriated 1.75 billion to the TV Broadcaster Relocation Fund Reimbursement Fund for costs reasonably incurred by Full Power and Class A broadcast television licensees reassigned to new channels repack ), as well as Multichannel Video Programming Distributors MVPDs that incurred costs related to continuing to carry the signals of reassigned broadcast stations. As part of the FCC s 2018 Reimbursement Expansion Act, which appropriated 1 billon in additional funds for the Reimbursement Fund and expanded eliglibe entities for reimbursement to include FM stations affected by the repack. During 2022, the Company received approximately in reimbursement for our FM stations, which is recorded in the other (income), expense, net, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. We may receive additional reimbursements and will record in other (income), expense, net, if we receive anything additional. During the first quarter of 2021, there was weather-related damage to an antenna in our Des Moines, Iowa market. The Company s insurance policy provided coverage for removal and replacement of the antenna and related equipment. As part of the initial insurance settlement during the first quarter of 2021, the Company received cash proceeds of , resulting in a gain of . We received additional cash proceeds of in the third quarter, resulting in a gain of . The total gain of is recorded in other (income) expense, net, in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. During the first quarter of 2020, we sold land and a building on one of our tower sites in our Bellingham, Washington market for approximately to Talbot Real Estate, LLC resulting in a gain on the sale of assets. The gain is recorded in the other operating (income) expense, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. During the first quarter of 2020, there was weather related damage to an antenna in our Keene, New Hampshire market. The Company s insurance policy provided coverage for removal and replacement of the antenna and related equipment. The insurance settlement was finalized during the first quarter and we received cash proceeds of , resulting in a gain of . The gain is recorded in other (income) expense, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. , the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share on its Class A Common Stock. This dividend, totaling approximately , will be paid on to shareholders of record on . 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Location Description 3.1 3 Articles of Incorporation of Saga Communications Reincorporation, Inc . 3.2 3 Bylaws, as amended April 16, 2020 . 4 16 Description of the Company s Securities 10.1 1 Summary of Executive Insured Medical Reimbursement Plan. 10.2 2 Saga Communications, Inc. 2003 Employee Stock Option Plan . 10.3 5 Chief Executive Officer Annual Incentive Plan. 10.4 3 Second Amended and Restated Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan 10.5 7 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan . 10.6 7 Form of Restricted Stock Option Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan . 10.7 6 Employment Agreement of Edward K. Christian dated as of June 17, 2011. 10.8 4 Change in Control Agreement of Samuel D. Bush dated as of December 28, 2007. 10.9 4 Change in Control Agreement of Marcia K. Lobaito dated as of December 28, 2007 . 10.10 10 Change in Control Agreement of Catherine A. Bobinski dated as of December 28, 2007. 10.11 9 Amendment to Employment Agreement of Edward K. Christian dated as of February 12, 2016 . 10.12 12 Amendment to the Second Amendment and Restated Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan as of April 16, 2018. 10.13 13 Letter of Employment for Christopher S. Forgy, Senior Vice President / Operations effective May 28, 2018 . 10.14 15 Change in Control Agreement of Christopher Forgy dated as of September 28, 2018 . 10.15 16 Amendment to Employment Agreement of Edward K. Christian dated as of February 26, 2019 . 10.16 19 Change in Control Agreement of Eric Christian dated as of July 6, 2020 . 10.17 20 Third Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 25, 2022 between Saga Communications, Inc, and Edward K. Christian . 10.18 21 Letter of Agreement regarding employment of Warren S. Lada as Interim President and CEO dated August 21, 2022. 10.19 22 Employment Agreement of Christopher Forgy dated as of November 16, 2022. 10.20 22 Letter of Employment of Wayne Leland dated as of November 16, 2022. 10.21 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 19, 2022 between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and The Huntington National Bank. 21 Subsidiaries. 23 Consent of UHY LLP. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Rule 13-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Filed herewith. 1 Exhibit filed with the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-47238) filed on December 10, 1992 and incorporated by reference herein. 2 Exhibit filed with the Company s Registration Statement on From 8-A (File No. 333-107686) filed on August 5, 2003 and incorporated by reference herein. 3 Exhibit filed as Appendix A to the Company s Consent Solicitation (Filed No: 001-11588) filed on September 17, 2013 and incorporated by reference herein. 4 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2008 and incorporated by reference herein. 5 Exhibit filed with the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated by reference herein. 6 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein. 7 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2013 and incorporated by reference herein. 8 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on April 8, 2016 and incorporated by reference herein. 9 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated by reference herein. 10 Exhibit filed as Appendix A to the Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement (File No. 001-11588) filed on April 16, 2018 and incorporated by reference herein. 11 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 and incorporated by reference herein. 125 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2018 and incorporated by reference herein. 13 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019 and incorporated by reference herein. 14 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 15 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 16 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 17 Exhibit filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 18 Exhibits filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2022 and incorporate by reference herein. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 16, 2023. 

SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By: /s/ Christopher S. Forgy Christopher S. Forgy President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 16, 2023. 

Signatures /s/ Christopher S. Forgy President, Chief Executive Officer and Christopher S. Forgy Director /s/ Samuel D. Bush Senior Vice President, Samuel D. Bush Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer /s/ Catherine A. Bobinski Senior Vice President/Finance, Catherine A. Bobinski Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller /s/ Michael J. Bergner Director Michael J. Bergner /s/ Clarke R. Brown, Jr. Director Clarke R. Brown, Jr. /s/ Timothy J. Clarke Director Timothy J. Clarke /s/ Roy F. Coppedge III Director Roy F. Coppedge /s/ Warren Lada Chairman of the Board and Director Warren Lada /s/ Marcia K. Lobaito Director Marcia K. Lobaito /s/ Gary G. Stevens Director Gary G. Stevens 
 84 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 sga-20221231xex10d21.htm
 EX-10.21

Exhibit 10.21 THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 19, 2022 (this Amendment ), is among SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (the Borrower ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). RECITALS A . The Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and the Administrative Agent are parties to a Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), the Existing Credit Agreement ). B. The Borrower and the other Loan Parties desire to amend the Existing Credit Agreement, and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to do so in accordance with the terms hereof. TERMS In consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I. AMENDMENTS . Upon fulfillment of the conditions set forth in Article III hereof, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules thereto) is hereby amended as reflected by the amended Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Amended Credit Agreement and any term or provision of the Existing Credit Agreement (including the Exhibits and Schedules thereto) which is different from that set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement shall be replaced and superseded in all respects by the terms and provisions of the Amended Credit Agreement. ARTICLE II. REPRESENTATIONS . Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 2. 1 The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment are (a) within each Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders; (b) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (c) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (d) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material agreement or other material instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (e) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. 2. 2 This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 2. 3 After giving effect to this Amendment , the representations and warranties contained in Article III of the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents are true in all material respects on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the date hereof (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects 

 only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects). 2. 4 As of the date hereof, n o Default exists or has occurred and is continuing, and no Default will be caused a fter giving effect to this Amendment. ARTICLE III. CONDITIONS OF EFFECTIVENESS . This Amendment shall become effective as the date hereof (the Third Amendment Effective Date when all of the following conditions have been satisfied: 3.1 The Borrower, the other Loan Parties and the Lenders shall have signed this Amendment. 3.2 The Administrative Agent shall have received and be reasonably satisfied with such other documents, and the Borrowers shall have satisfied such other conditions, as described in the closing list delivered in connection herewith, and the payment of all fees as separately agreed upon that are due and payable on or prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date . ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS . 4.1 References in the Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and as further amended from time to time. 4.2 Except as expressly amended hereby, the Loan Parties agree that the Credit Agreement and all other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed, as amended hereby, and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms and that they have no set off, counterclaim, defense or other claim or dispute with respect to any of the foregoing. Each of the Loan Parties acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have fully performed all of their obligations under all Loan Documents or otherwise with respect to the Loan Parties, all actions taken by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances and within their rights under the Loan Documents and they are not aware of any currently existing claims or causes of action against the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof or any of their successors or assigns, and waives any such claims or causes of action of which they are aware. The amendment contained herein shall not be construed as a waiver or amendment of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or for any purpose except as expressly set forth herein. 4.3 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement. This Amendment is a Loan Document. This Amendment may be signed upon any number of counterparts with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent. [Signature Page Follows] 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties signing this Amendment have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By :_/s/ Samuel D. Bush _____________________ Name: Samuel D. Bush Title: Chief Financial Officer FRANKLIN COMMUNICATIONS, INC. SAGA BROADCASTING, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF NEW ENGLAND, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF ARKANSAS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA, LLC TIDEWATER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF ILLINOIS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF SOUTH DAKOTA, LLC LAKEFRONT COMMUNICATIONS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF IOWA, LLC SAGA SOUTH COMMUNICATIONS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF TUCKESSEE, LLC WATER DRAGON, LLC By: _/s/ Samuel D. Bush _______________________ Name: Samuel D. Bush Title: Treasurer 

 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually, and as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank By: _/s/ Katie Duncan ______________ Name:_ Katie E. Duncan ____________ Title:_ _Authorized Officer __________ 

 THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK By:_ /s/ Peter Stasevich _____________ Name:_ Peter Stasevich _____________ Title:_ Senior Vice President _________ 

 Exhibit A to Third Amendment Execution Copy 

 CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 18, 2015 among SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., The Lenders Party Hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as Syndication Agent ___________________________ JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page ARTICLE I. Definitions 1 
 SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms 1 
 SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. 43 
 SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. 43 
 SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 44 
 SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates 44 
 SECTION 1.06. Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions 45 
 SECTION 1.07. Status of Obligations 45 
 ARTICLE II. The Credits 46 
 SECTION 2.01. Revolving Commitments 46 
 SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 46 
 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings 48 
 SECTION 2.04. Swingline Loans. 48 
 SECTION 2.05. Letters of Credit 50 
 SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings. 55 

SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections. 56 
 SECTION 2.08. Termination and Reduction of Revolving Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments 57 
 SECTION 2.09. Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt. 59 
 SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans 60 
 SECTION 2.11. Fees. 61 
 SECTION 2.12. Interest 62 
 SECTION 2.13. Alternate Rate of Interest. 63 
 SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs. 65 
 SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments. 67 
 SECTION 2.16. Taxes 67 
 SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs 71 
 SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 73 
 SECTION 2.19. Defaulting Lenders 74 
 SECTION 2.20. Returned Payments 77 
 SECTION 2.21. Banking Services and Swap Agreements 77 
 ARTICLE III. Representations and Warranties 77 
 SECTION 3.01. Existence Qualification and Power 77 

SECTION 3.02. Authorization; No-Contravention 78 
 SECTION 3.03. Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 78 
 SECTION 3.04. Binding Effect 78 
 SECTION 3.05. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 78 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation 79 
 SECTION 3.07. No Default 80 
 SECTION 3.08. Ownership of Property; Liens; Investments 80 
 SECTION 3.09. Environmental Compliance 80 
 SECTION 3.10. Insurance 81 
 SECTION 3.11. Taxes 81 
 SECTION 3.12. ERISA Compliance 81 
 SECTION 3.13. Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties 81 
 SECTION 3.14. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 81 
 SECTION 3.15. Disclosure 82 
 SECTION 3.16. Compliance with Laws 82 
 SECTION 3.17. Broadcasting Business 82 
 SECTION 3.18. Solvency 83 

SECTION 3.19. Casualty, Etc. 84 
 SECTION 3.20. Common Enterprise 84 
 SECTION 3.21. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 84 
 SECTION 3.22. Operating Entities 84 
 SECTION 3.23. ETC Disposition 84 
 SECTION 3.25. EEA Financial Institutions 85 
 SECTION 3.26. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 85 
 ARTICLE IV. Conditions 85 
 SECTION 4.01. Effective Date 85 
 SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. 88 
 ARTICLE V. Affirmative Covenants 88 
 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements. 89 
 SECTION 5.02. Certificates; Other Information. 89 
 SECTION 5.03. Notices. 92 
 SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations. 92 
 SECTION 5.05. Preservation of Existence, Etc. 92 
 SECTION 5.06. Maintenance of Properties 92 

SECTION 5.07. Maintenance of Insurance 93 
 SECTION 5.08. Compliance with Laws 93 
 SECTION 5.09. Books and Records. 93 
 SECTION 5.10. Inspection Rights 93 
 SECTION 5.11. Use of Proceeds 93 
 SECTION 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 94 
 SECTION 5.13. Compliance with Environmental Laws. 94 
 SECTION 5.14. Further Assurances. 94 
 SECTION 5.15. Compliance with Terms of Leaseholds. 95 
 SECTION 5.16. Reserved. 95 
 SECTION 5.17. Material Contracts. 95 
 SECTION 5.18. Treasury Management. 95 
 SECTION 5.19. Additional Subsidiaries. 95 
 ARTICLE VI. Negative Covenants 96 
 SECTION 6.01. Liens. 96 
 SECTION 6.02. Indebtedness. 98 
 SECTION 6.03. Investments. 99 

SECTION 6.04. Fundamental Changes. 100 
 SECTION 6.05. Dispositions. 101 
 SECTION 6.06. Restricted Payments. 102 
 SECTION 6.07.Change in Nature of Business. 103 
 SECTION 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates. 103 
 SECTION 6.09. Burdensome Agreements. 103 
 SECTION 6.10. Use of Proceeds. 103 
 SECTION 6.11. Financial Covenants. 103 
 SECTION 6.12. Amendments of Material Documents. 104 
 SECTION 6.13. Accounting Changes. 104 
 SECTION 6.14. Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness. 104 
 SECTION 6.15. Amendment, Etc.. 104 
 SECTION 6.16. Local Marketing Agreements and Time Brokerage Agreements. 104 
 SECTION 6.17. Equity Interests 105 
 ARTICLE VII. Events of Default 105 
 ARTICLE VIII. The Administrative Agent 108 
 SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action 108 

SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Indemnification, Etc. 110 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications 112 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 113 
 SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 113 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 114 
 SECTION 8.07. Collateral Matters 116 
 SECTION 8.08. Credit Bidding 117 
 SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters 118 
 SECTION 8.10. Flood Laws 120 
 ARTICLE IX. Miscellaneous 120 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices 120 
 SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 123 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 125 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns 128 
 SECTION 9.05. Survival 132 
 SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 132 
 SECTION 9.07. Severability 133 

SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. 134 
 SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 134 
 SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 135 
 SECTION 9.11. Headings. 135 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. 135 
 SECTION 9.13. Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law 136 
 SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act 136 
 SECTION 9.15. Disclosure 136 
 SECTION 9.16. Appointment for Perfection 136 
 SECTION 9.17. Interest Rate Limitation 137 
 SECTION 9.18. No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 137 
 SECTION 9.19. Marketing Consent 138 
 SECTION 9.20. FCC Compliance 138 
 SECTION 9.21. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 138 
 SECTION 9.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 138 
 ARTICLE X. Loan Guaranty 139 
 SECTION 10.01. Guaranty. 139 

SECTION 10.02. Guaranty of Payment 140 
 SECTION 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty 140 
 SECTION 10.04. Defenses Waived. 141 
 SECTION 10.05. Rights of Subrogation 141 
 SECTION 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration. 141 
 SECTION 10.07. Information 142 
 SECTION 10.08. Termination 142 
 SECTION 10.09. Taxes. 142 
 SECTION 10.10. Maximum Liability 142 
 SECTION 10.11. Contribution 142 
 SECTION 10.12. Liability Cumulative 143 
 SECTION 10.13. Keepwell 143 
 SCHEDULES : Commitment Schedule Schedule 3.03 Governmental Authorizations; Other Consents Schedule 3.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect Schedule 3.08(b) Liens Schedule 3.08(c) Owned Properties 

 Schedule 3.08(d)(i) Leased Properties as Lessee Schedule 3.08(d)(ii) Leased Properties as Lessor Schedule 3.08(e) Investments Schedule 3.13 - Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties Schedule 3.17 Broadcasting Business Schedule 6.02 - Indebtedness Schedule 6.09 Burdensome Agreements Schedule 6.16 Local Marketing Agreements and Time Brokerage Agreements EXHIBITS : Exhibit A Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit B-2 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit B-3 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit B-4 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit C Compliance Certificate Exhibit D Joinder Agreement 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 18, 2015 (as it may be amended or modified from time to time, this Agreement ), among SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., as Borrower, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I Definitions SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50 of the Equity Interests of any Person, or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person. Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA means for any period, the sum of Consolidated EBITDA for such period plus , to the extent a Permitted Acquisition has been consummated during such period, the Pro Forma EBITDA attributable to such Permitted Acquisition (but only that portion of Pro Forma EBITDA attributable to the portion of such period that occurred prior to the date of the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition). Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 , provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 , provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

 Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates) in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person. Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d) . Agency Site means the Electronic System established by the Administrative Agent to administer this Agreement. Aggregate Revolving Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders at such time (with the Swingline Exposure of each Lender calculated assuming that all of the Lenders have funded their participations in all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time). Alternate Base Rate m eans, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 , and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one-month Interest Period as published two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1 , provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.13 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.13(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clause (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the 

 Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b). Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. Applicable Parties has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c) . Applicable Percentage means, at any time with respect to any Lender, a percentage equal to a fraction the numerator of which is such Lender s Revolving Commitment at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time (provided that, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon such Lender s share of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure at such time); provided that, in accordance with Section 2.19, so long as any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment shall be disregarded in the calculations above. Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Loan, or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum (expressed in basis points) set forth below under the caption Commitment Fee Rate , Applicable Rate - ABR Loans , or Applicable Rate Term Benchmark/RFR Loans and Letters of Credit or as the case may be, based upon the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the most recent determination date: Level Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio Commitment Fee Rate Applicable Rate ABR Loans Applicable Rate Term Benchmark/RFR Loans and Letters of Credit I 25.0 bps 0.0 bps 100.0 bps II 1.00:1.0 but 25.0 bps 25.0 bps 125.0 bps 

III 1.50:1.0 but 25.0 bps 50.0 bps 150.0 bps IV 2.25:1.0 but 25.0 bps 75.0 bps 175.0 bps V 3.00:1.0 25.0 bps 100.0 bps 200.0 bps 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (a) the Applicable Rate shall be determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, based upon the Company s quarterly financial statements for the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year and the audited year-end financial statements for the last fiscal quarter delivered pursuant to Section 5.01, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2015, and (b) each change in the Applicable Rate, if any, shall be effective five Business Days after the Administrative Agent is scheduled to receive the applicable financial statements. If the Company fails to deliver the financials to the Administrative Agent at the time required, after giving effect to any applicable cure period, then the Applicable Margin shall be Level V until five days after such financials are so delivered. The Applicable Rate shall be set at Level I at the Third Amendment Effective Date and the Applicable Rate shall be re-determined for the first time following the Third Amendment Effective Date based on the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that the financial statements upon which the Applicable Rate was determined were incorrect (whether based on a restatement, fraud or otherwise), or any ratio or compliance information in a Compliance Certificate or other certification was incorrectly calculated, relied on incorrect information or was otherwise not accurate, true or correct, the Borrower shall be required to retroactively pay any additional amount that the Borrower would have been required to pay if such financial statements, Compliance Certificate or other information had been accurate and/or computed correctly at the time they were delivered. Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a). Approved Escrow Agreement means the Escrow Agreement dated May 9, 2017 among the ETC Purchaser, the Borrower, and First Business Trust Investments, a division of First Business Bank, a Wisconsin banking corporation. 

 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to the term in Section 9.04(b). Arranger means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as sole bookrunner and sole lead arranger hereunder. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease or similar payments under the relevant lease or other applicable agreement or instrument that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease or other agreement or instrument were accounted for as a Capitalized Lease and (c) all Synthetic Debt of such Person. Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. Auxiliary License means any governmental approval or authorization issued to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by the FCC or acquired or otherwise transferred to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, which is authorized under Title 47 CFR 74.101 et seq . as secondary services which includes Experimental Broadcast Stations, Remote Pickup Broadcast Stations, Aural Broadcast Auxiliary Stations, Television Broadcast Auxiliary Stations, Low Power TV, TV Translator, and TV Booster Stations, Low Power Auxiliary Stations, Instructional Television Fixed Service, FM Broadcast Translator Stations and FM Broadcast Booster Stations, as such terms are defined in the Communications Act. Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (b) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Borrowings). Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments. Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for 

 interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.13. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services, and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or its Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, when such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan, the Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark 

 Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.13. Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (1) the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; 
 (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the 

 Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 

 administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Borrower means Saga Communications, Inc., a Florida corporation (successor by merger with Saga Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation). Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, and (b) a Swingline Loan. Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03. 

 Broadcasting Station means all related licenses (including FCC Licenses), franchises and permits issued under federal, state or local laws from time to time which authorize a Person to receive or distribute, or both, over the airwaves, audio and/or visual, radio or microwave signals within a geographic area for the purpose of providing commercial television or radio programming, together with all property owned or used in connection therewith, and all interest of such Person to receive revenues therefrom. Business Day m eans any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City or Chicago; provided that, in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only an U.S. Government Securities Business Day. Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, any expenditure in respect of the purchase or other acquisition of any fixed or capital asset (excluding normal replacements and maintenance which are properly charged to current operations). For purposes of this definition, the purchase price of equipment that is purchased simultaneously with the trade-in of existing equipment or with insurance proceeds shall be included in Capital Expenditures only to the extent of the gross amount by which such purchase price exceeds the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time or the amount of such insurance proceeds, as the case may be. Capitalized Leases means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases. Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of Investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens created under the Collateral Documents): (a) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than 360 days from the date of acquisition thereof; provided that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof; (b) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) (A) is a Lender or (B) is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or is the principal banking subsidiary of a bank holding company organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System, (ii) issues (or the parent of which issues) commercial paper rated as described in clause (c) of this definition and (iii) has combined capital and surplus of at least 1,000,000,000, in each case with maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition thereof; 

 (c) commercial paper issued by any Person organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America and rated at least Prime-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by Moody s or at least A-1 (or the then equivalent grade) by S P, in each case with maturities of not more than 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof; and (d) Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in money market investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which are administered by financial institutions that have the highest rating obtainable from either Moody s or S P, and the portfolios of which are limited solely to Investments of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of this definition. CFC means a Person that is a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an option right )), directly or indirectly, other than Permitted Holders of 35 or more of the voting power of the combined Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock of the Borrower, voting together in the election of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or (b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of any of the following: (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 

 2.13(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement ; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. Christian means Edward K. Christian. Class , when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans, and (b) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Revolving Commitment of a particular Class. Class A Common Stock shall have the meaning given such term in the Borrower s Organization Documents as in effect on the date hereof. Class B Common Stock shall have the meaning given such term in the Borrower s Organization Documents as in effect on the date hereof. CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator). Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Collateral means any and all property owned, leased or operated by a Person covered by the Collateral Documents and any and all other property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or be intended to be, subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, to secure the Secured Obligations. Collateral Access Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Security Agreement Supplements, the IP Security Agreement, the IP Security Agreement Supplements, and any other agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to 

 create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent, in each case as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Commitment Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). Communications Act means the Federal Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and the resolutions, regulations, rules, policies and orders promulgated or issued thereunder. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C. Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated EBITDA means, at any date of determination, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) other non-recurring expenses reducing such Consolidated Net Income which do not represent a cash item in such period or any future period (in each case of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period), (v) all costs, fees and expenses (including fees of counsel) paid by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the related Loan Documents, not to exceed 500,000 in the aggregate, and (vi) the aggregate amount of any non-cash charges of the Borrower during such period (1) arising from the issuance or vesting of any stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance awards granted by Borrower to its employees or directors and (2) arising from any impairment charges minus (b) the following to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: (i) Federal, state, local and foreign income tax credits, (ii) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income (in each case of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Measurement Period), (iii) the aggregate amount of all cash television programming payments made by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period; and (iv) the aggregate amount of any cash payments made by the Borrower during such period relating to any non-cash charges described in clauses (a)(iv) and (a)(vi) immediately preceding. Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA, divided by the sum of (b) (i) the aggregate amount of all cash Capital 

 Expenditures (other than any such Capital Expenditures made with the proceeds of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.02(c) and other than Capital Expenditures made in a Permitted Acquisition), (ii) Consolidated Interest Charges, (iii) the aggregate principal amount of all regularly scheduled principal payments or redemptions or similar acquisitions for value of outstanding debt for borrowed money, but excluding any such payments to the extent refinanced through the incurrence of additional Indebtedness otherwise expressly permitted under Section 6.02 , (iv) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments, other than those permitted under the proviso of Section 6.06(d) when the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50:1.00 as provided therein, and (v) the aggregate amount of Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes paid in cash, in each case, of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the most recently completed Measurement Period; minus the amount of federal and state income tax refunds received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period. The Consolidated Interest Charges under section (ii) of this definition will be calculated on a trailing four quarter basis using the amount of actual Consolidated Interest Charges for periods prior to the Effective Date used in any Measurement Period. Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations hereunder) and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments, (b) all purchase money Indebtedness, (c) all direct obligations arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments, (d) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (e) all Attributable Indebtedness, (f) without duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (e) above of Persons other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and (g) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses (a) through (f) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to the Borrower or such Subsidiary. Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, the sum of (a) all interest, premium payments, debt discount, fees, charges and related expenses in connection with borrowed money (including capitalized interest) or in connection with the deferred purchase price of assets, in each case to the extent treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, (b) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations and (c) the portion of rent expense under Capitalized Leases that is treated as interest in accordance with GAAP, in each case, of or by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period. Consolidated Net Income means, at any date of determination, the net income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period; provided that Consolidated Net Income shall exclude (a) extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses for such Measurement Period, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary during such Measurement Period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of such income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument or Law applicable to such Subsidiary during such Measurement Period, except that the Borrower s equity in any net loss of any such Subsidiary for such Measurement Period shall be included in determining Consolidated Net Income, (c) any net gain or loss arising from the sale of capital assets, (d) any net gain or loss arising from any write-up or write-down of assets, (e) any interest or other non-operating income of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, (f) the effect of all barter transactions for such period, 

 (g) proceeds from any Swap Agreement, (h) any restoration to income of any contingency reserve, except to the extent that provision for such reserve was made out of income accrued during such Measurement Period; and (i) any net gain arising from the acquisition of any securities, or the extinguishment under GAAP, of any Indebtedness of such Person. Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness minus the aggregate amount of Unrestricted Cash in excess of 10,000,000 as of such date, to (b) Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA of Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the most recently completed Measurement Period. Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website; Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action. Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith but excluding any sub-lease of any real property of which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is the lessee. Disqualified Equity Interest means any Equity Interest of any Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part. Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may 

 not survive. Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. Document has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Dollars or dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, web portal access for the Borrower and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health and safety matters. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law. Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing, but excluding any debt securities convertible into any of the foregoing. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of 

 any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent, in critical status or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. ETC APA means the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of May 9, 2017 among the ETC Purchaser, Saga Broadcasting LLC, Saga Quad States Communications, LLC, and the Borrower, in the form delivered to the Administrative Agent on the First Amendment Effective Date. ETC Assets means all assets being disposed of pursuant to the ETC APA. ETC Disposition means the Disposition of the ETC Assets pursuant to the ETC Disposition Documents. ETC Disposition Documents means the ETC APA and all agreements and documents executed in connection therewith. ETC Purchaser means Evening Telegram Company d/b/a Morgan Murphy media, a Wisconsin corporation. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. Excluded Assets means all leased and owned real property and all motor vehicles and all Excluded Collateral, as defined in the Security Agreement. Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises 

 under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Revolving Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Revolving Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.18(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.16, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Revolving Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.16(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. FCC means the United States Federal Communications Commission or any agency succeeding to the functions thereof. FCC License means any governmental approval or authorization issued to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by the FCC or acquired or otherwise transferred to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, pursuant to the Communications Act but excluding any non-material Auxiliary License, non-material Secondary Station License, any non-material Satellite Earth Station License (as such term is defined in the Communications Act) and any non-material Relocation Weather Radar License (as such term is defined in the Communication Act). FCC Order means an Initial FCC Order or a Final FCC Order as the context may require. Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

 Final FCC Order means, with respect to any assignment or transfer of FCC Licenses, Auxiliary Licenses and Secondary Station Licenses, an Initial FCC Order which shall not have been reversed, stayed, enjoined, annulled or suspended and the time for filing an appeal, petition for certiorari or other request for administrative or judicial relief, or for instituting administrative review of such order sua sponte, has expired and as to which no appeal, petition for certiorari or other formal request for administrative or judicial relief, or for instituting administrative review of such order sua sponte, has been filed and is pending or, if an appeal, petition for certiorari or other request for administrative or judicial relief, or for instituting administrative review of such order sua sponte, has been filed or taken, such Initial FCC Order has been affirmed (or such appeal, petition or other request for administrative or judicial relief has been dismissed as moot) by the highest court (or other tribunal having appellate jurisdiction over such Initial FCC Order) to which such Initial FCC Order was appealed or the petition for certiorari has been denied or, in the case of an Initial FCC Order which the FCC decided to review sua sponte, the FCC has either withdrawn or dismissed such review, and the time to take any further appeal or to seek further certiorari or judicial or administrative review has expired. Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. First Amendment means the First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of August 31, 2017. First Amendment Effective Date means the effective date of the First Amendment. Flood Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.10. Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be 0.00 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. Funding Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(h). GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. 

 Governmental Authority means the government of the U.S., any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, and including, without limitation, the FCC and the SEC. Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01. Guarantors means all Loan Guarantors and all non-Loan Parties who have delivered an Obligation Guaranty, and the term Guarantor means each or any one of them individually. Hazardous Materials means: (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste, or words of similar import in any Environmental Law; (b) those substances listed as hazardous substances by the United States Department of Transportation (or any successor agency) (49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto) or by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agency) (40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto); and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum, petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable, explosive, radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or any other agricultural chemical. Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 

 (b) the maximum amount of all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments; (c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Agreement; (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and not past due for more than 90 days after the date on which such trade account was created); (e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; (f) all Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capitalized Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations of such Person and all Synthetic Debt of such Person; (g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person or any warrant, right or option to acquire such Equity Interest, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends; and (h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Agreement on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 

 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12. Initial FCC Order means, with respect to any assignment or transfer of FCC Licenses, Auxiliary Licenses or Secondary Station Licenses the initial order or other initial written action or actions by the FCC approving the assignment or transfer of such FCC Licenses, Auxiliary Licenses or Secondary Station Licenses for each Broadcasting Station to be acquired as part of such acquisition or transferred as part of a permitted transfer in the manner contemplated by the applicable acquisition documents, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.07. Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the first Business Day of each calendar month and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, and (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment, as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.13(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 

 Investment means, as to any Person, (a) any direct or indirect Acquisition or investment by such Person or (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or interest in, another Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. IP Security Agreement means that certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other security agreement with respect to any Intellectual Property entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. IP Security Agreement Supplement means a supplement to update the IP Security Agreement or to add a party thereto. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. Issuing Bank means, individually and collectively, each of JPMCB, in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and any other Revolving Lender from time to time designated by the Borrower as an Issuing Bank (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated affiliates or branch offices), with the consent of such Revolving Lender and the Administrative Agent, and their respective successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.05(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.05 with respect to such Letters of Credit). If at any time there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks, as the context may require. Issuing Bank Sublimits means, as of the Effective Date, (i) 10,000,000, in the case of JPMCB and (ii) such amount as shall be designated to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing by an Issuing Bank; provided that any Issuing Bank shall be permitted at any time to increase or reduce its Issuing Bank Sublimit upon providing five (5) days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

 Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit D . JPMCB means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.05(j). LC Disbursement means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit outstanding at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements relating to Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). Lenders means the Persons listed on the Commitment Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.08 or an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank. Letters of Credit means the standby letters of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement, and the term Letter of Credit means any one of them or each of them singularly, as the context may require. Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 

 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, each promissory note issued pursuant to this Agreement, each Letter of Credit Agreement, each Collateral Document, each Compliance Certificate, the Loan Guaranty, any Obligation Guaranty, and each other agreement, instrument, document and certificate executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and including each other pledge, power of attorney, consent, assignment, contract, notice, letter of credit agreement, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit, and each other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party, or any employee of any Loan Party, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. Loan Guarantor means each Loan Party. Loan Guaranty means Article X of this Agreement. Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower, the Borrower s Domestic Subsidiaries and any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their respective successors and assigns, and the term Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. Loans means the loans and advances made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans. Local Marketing Agreement means, with respect to a Broadcasting Station operated by a Person, an agreement or arrangement with a Broadcasting Station operated by another Person pursuant to which the parties agree to function cooperatively in terms of programming, advertising, sales, management, consulting or similar services. 

 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the operations, business, properties, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or of the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party; or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party. Material Contract means, with respect to any Person, each contract to which such Person is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by such Person of 2,000,000 or more in any year or otherwise material to the business, financial condition, operations, performance, or properties of such Person. Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. Measurement Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four fiscal quarters of the Borrower. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d). Non-U.S. Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. NPL means the National Priorities List under CERCLA. NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day(or for any day that is not a Business 

 Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Obligated Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.02. Obligation Guaranty means any Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties by a guarantor who is not a Loan Party. Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Loan Parties to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 

 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document), or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit, or any Loan Document. Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.18). Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. Paid in Full or Payment in Full means, (i) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all outstanding Loans and LC Disbursements, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) the termination, expiration, or cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the furnishing to the Administrative Agent of a cash deposit, or at the discretion of the Administrative Agent a back up standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, in an amount equal to 105 of the LC Exposure as of the date of such payment), (iii) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the accrued and unpaid fees, including the applicable Prepayment Fee, if any, (iv) the indefeasible payment in full in cash of all reimbursable expenses and other Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations for which no claim has been made and other obligations expressly stated to survive such payment and termination of this Agreement), together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (v) the termination of all Commitments, and (vi) the termination of the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations or entering into other arrangements satisfactory to the Secured Parties counterparties thereto. Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). 

 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. Permitted Acquisition means an Acquisition which satisfies each of the following conditions: (a) any Subsidiary of the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof created for the purpose of effecting the Acquisition or acquired in connection therewith shall have complied with the requirements of Section 5.19; (b) the total cash and non-cash consideration paid by or on behalf of the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such Acquisition (including, without limitation, any Indebtedness assumed, incurred, or permitted to remain outstanding by the Borrower or such Subsidiary or the acquired Subsidiary Guarantor) when added to the total cash and non-cash consideration paid in connection with each Acquisition consummated hereunder as a Permitted Acquisition during the same fiscal year as such Acquisition, shall not exceed 50,000,000 for each fiscal year; provided that when the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50:1.00 for the twelve months ended as of the last day of the month immediately preceding the month such Acquisition is consummated, such 50,000,000 limitation will not apply and there will be no limit to the total cash and non-cash consideration paid and the delivery of the pro forma compliance certificate referenced in subsection (d) below giving effect to such Acquisition is required; (c) both before and after giving effect to any Acquisition, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (d) subject to subsection (b) above, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent, at least 10 Business Days (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree in writing) prior to the consummation of such Acquisition a certificate from a Financial Officer of the Borrower demonstrating (in detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) pro forma compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 6.11, after giving effect to such Acquisition; (e) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent not less than 10 Business Days (or such shorter time period as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree in writing) prior to the consummation of the Acquisition a summary providing a reasonably detailed description of the Target and the terms and conditions of the proposed Acquisition, material financial, business and legal due diligence information relating to the Target as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, and all material legal documentation pertaining to such Acquisition; (f) the assets acquired in such Acquisition shall be owned exclusively by the Borrower or a Subsidiary; 

 (g) the Borrower and such Subsidiary shall have complied with the provisions of Sections 5.14 and 5.19 with respect to such Acquisition; (h) if such Acquisition includes a Broadcasting Station, a copy of the Final FCC Order approving such Acquisition shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent or, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, an Initial FCC Order; and (i) the Target is engaged in the radio (including the radio news network) or television broadcast business. Permitted Holder means (i) Christian, (ii) Christian s spouse, (iii) members of their immediate family and their respective spouses and issue, (iv) the respective heirs and estates of each of the foregoing and (v) other than interests of remote contingent beneficiaries referenced in the relevant trust documents, any trusts created solely for the benefit of any one or more of the foregoing. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 

 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. Pro Forma EBITDA means, with respect to any Target acquired in a Permitted Acquisition, such Target s earnings before interest, income taxes, amortization and depreciation, as calculated in accordance with GAAP, for the most recent twelve (12) month period as shown on financial statements which are made available to the Administrative Agent prior to the consummation of the Permitted Acquisition, calculated by the Borrower and acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with such adjustments as can be verified and demonstrated by the Borrower and acceptable to the Administrative Agent. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Part y that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Recipient means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof (as the context requires). Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two (2) Business Days preceding the date of such setting,(2) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four (4) Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). Regulation D means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation X means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members, trustees, employees, agents, administrators, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. Release means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing, or dumping of any substance into the environment. Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or, in each case, any successor thereto. Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. Report means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the Borrower s assets from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Revolving Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Exposure and unused Revolving Commitments at such time; provided that, as long as there are only two unaffiliated Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean both Lenders; provided further that, for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII, and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Revolving Commitments expire or terminate, then, as to each Lender, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable for purposes of determining its Revolving Exposure to the extent such Lender shall have funded its participation in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 

 Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the president, Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Company. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to any Person s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent of any thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment, any payment of any subordinated Indebtedness or the payment of any management or similar fees. Revolving Borrowing means Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth on the Commitment Schedule opposite such Lender s name, or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation or record (as such term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code) as provided in Section 9.04(b)(ii)(C), pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable, as such Revolving Commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.08 and (b) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04; provided, that at no time shall the Revolving Exposure of any Lender exceed its Revolving Commitment. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments is 100,000,000. As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments is 50,000,000. Revolving Credit Maturity Date means December 19, 2027 (if the same is a Business Day, or if not then the immediately next succeeding Business Day), or any earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. 

 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Exposure. Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, and Syria). Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S. Second Amendment means the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 27, 2018. Second Amendment Effective Date means the effective date of the Second Amendment. 

 Secondary Station License means any governmental approval or authorization issued to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by the FCC or acquired or otherwise transferred to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, which is a Low Power TV Station, TV Translator Station, TV Booster Station, FM Broadcast Translator Station and/or FM Broadcast Booster Station, as such terms are defined in the Communications Act. Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all (i) Banking Services Obligations and (ii) Swap Agreement Obligations owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates; provided , however , that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor. Secured Parties means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Issuing Bank, (d) each provider of Banking Services, to the extent the Banking Services Obligations in respect thereof constitute Secured Obligations, (e) each counterparty to any Swap Agreement, to the extent the obligations thereunder constitute Secured Obligations, (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (g) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the date of this Agreement by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Security Agreement Supplement means a supplement to update the Security Agreement or to add a party thereto. Shared Services Agreement means, with respect to a Broadcasting Station operated by a Person, an agreement (other than a Time Brokerage Agreement) for the cooperation of the licensee of a Broadcasting Station licensed to another Person where one Person acts as an agent for the sale of advertising on the other Broadcasting Station or provides technical or programming advice and/or services to the other Broadcasting Station. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. Statement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(g). Station License means any governmental approval or authorization issued to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by the FCC or acquired or otherwise transferred to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, which is authorized under Title 47 CFR 73.1-73.190; 73.201-73.333; and/or 73.601-73.699, which includes AM Broadcast Stations, FM Broadcast Stations, and Television Broadcast Stations (as such terms are defined in the Communications Act), but excludes Secondary Station Licenses. Subordinated Indebtedness of a Person means any Indebtedness of such Person, the payment of which is subordinated to payment of the Secured Obligations to the written satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or 

 held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Borrower or of any other Loan Party, as applicable. Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement . Swap Agreement Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any Swap Agreement permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction permitted hereunder with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender. Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.19 of 

 the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of any Revolving Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Revolving Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans. Swingline Lender means JPMCB (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Any consent required of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be required of the Swingline Lender and any consent given by JPMCB in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank shall be deemed given by JPMCB in its capacity as Swingline Lender as well. Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.04. Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Synthetic Debt means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination thereof, all obligations of such Person in respect of transactions entered into by such Person that are intended to function primarily as a borrowing of funds but are not otherwise included in the definition of Indebtedness or as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of such Person and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so-called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property (including sale and leaseback transactions), in each case, creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the application of any Debtor Relief Laws to such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). Target means the Person, business or division of any Person or substantially all of the assets of a Person, acquired in an Acquisition. Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. Third Amendment means the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 19, 2022. Third Amendment Effective Date means the effective date of the Third Amendment. Threshold Amount means 2,500,000. Time Brokerage Agreement means, with respect to a Broadcasting Station operated by a Person, an agreement that results in the sale by a licensee of a Broadcasting Station of discrete blocks of time to a broker that supplies the programming to fill such time block and sells the commercial spot announcements in such time block. Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Michigan or in any other state, the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. 

 UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. Unrestricted Cash means, at any date, the unrestricted cash owned by the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties in which the Administrative Agent has a first priority, perfected security interest pursuant to the Collateral Documents. Without limiting the other exclusions in this definition, Unrestricted Cash shall not include any cash held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in escrow, trust or other fiduciary capacity for or on behalf of any Person or subject to any other restriction. U.S. means the United States of America. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Loan Party means any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of one of the states of the United States of America and that is not a CFC. U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. 

 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.16(f)(ii)(B)(3). USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ). SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding mascu line, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply) and all judgments, orders and decrees of all Governmental Authorities. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignments set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and 

 hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (f) any reference in any definition to the phrase at any time or for any period shall refer to the same time or period for all calculations or determinations within such definition, and (g) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms; GAAP . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if after the date hereof there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015-03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations, any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) FAS 842 ), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith. SECTION 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notifications . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.13(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with 

 respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. SECTION 1.06. Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions . To the extent the Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any Permitted Acquisition or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended, the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio and Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to the acquisition or the disposition of assets, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer), as if such acquisition or such disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four-quarter period; provided that calculation of Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA shall be determined on a pro forma basis as described in the definition thereof. SECTION 1.07. Status of Obligations . In the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Borrower shall take or cause such other Loan Party to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Secured Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secured Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 

 SECTION 1.8 Letters Of Credit . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Letter of Credit Agreement related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 
 SECTION 1.02 Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any Division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.
 ARTICLE II The Credits SECTION 2.01. Revolving Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans in dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.09(a)) in (i) such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment or (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . 

 (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Revolving Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04. (b) Subject to Section 2.13, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith, provided that (i) all Revolving Borrowings made on the Effective Date must be made as ABR Borrowings but may be converted into Term Benchmark Borrowings in accordance with Section 2.07 and (ii) RFR Loans are only available under this Agreement as a result of the application on Section 2.13. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 2.16 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accord ance with the terms of this Agreement. (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 100,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Revolving Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 25,000 and not less than 50,000 or other amount acceptable to the Swingline Lender. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of four Term Benchmark Borrowings outstanding. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. (e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Eurodollar Loans (as defined in this Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to the Third Amendment (the Existing Credit Agreement outstanding as of the Third Amendment Effective Date shall remain as Eurodollar Loans until the end of the current Interest Period applicable thereto and, upon the expiration of such current Interest Period, shall be converted to Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month (the SOFR Conversion ). Subject to the SOFR Conversion, all other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement with respect to Term Benchmark Loans shall apply to such Eurodollar Loans, mutatis mutandis. 

 SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings . To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request either in writing (delivered by hand or fax) by delivering a Borrowing Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent (a) (i) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (ii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, five Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.05(e) may be given not later than 9:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable. Each such and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01: (i) the Type of Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing, and a breakdown of the separate wires comprising such Borrowing; (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, provided that RFR loans are only available under this Agreement as the result of the application of Section 2.13; and (iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. SECTION 2.04. Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period, the Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, make Swingline Loans to the 

 Borrower, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 5,000,000, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding its Revolving Commitment, or (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by fax), not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the Funding Account(s) (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank, and in the case of repayment of another Loan or fees or expenses as provided by Section 2.17(c), by remittance to the Administrative Agent to be distributed to the Lenders) by 2:00 p.m., Chicago time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. (b) The Swingline Lender may, by written notice given to the Administrative Agent, require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which the Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 11:00 a.m., Chicago time, on a Business Day no later than 4:00 p.m., Chicago time on such Business Day and if received after 11:00 a.m., Chicago time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 9:00 a.m. Chicago time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is 

 required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. SECTION 2.05. Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in dollars as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations , in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period and the Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation, to issue such requested Letters of Credit pursuant to this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. The Borrower unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Borrower will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.11(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Borrower hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Bank shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit (i) the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or (iii) if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed not to be in effect on the Effective Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and/or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the Issuing Bank and using such bank s standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement ). A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed 10,000,000, (ii) no Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure shall exceed its Revolving Commitment and (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue or modify any Letter of Credit if, immediately after giving effect thereto, the outstanding LC Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by such Person and its Affiliates would exceed such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit. Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Borrower may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each Issuing Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith. Any Letter of Credit so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of this Agreement, and shall not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations on the aggregate LC Exposure set forth in clause (i) of this Section 2.05(b). (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination or non-renewal by notice from the Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, including, without limitation, any automatic renewal provision, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. (d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such 

 Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. (e) Reimbursement . If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 11:00 a.m., Chicago time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 9:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received after 9:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the day of receipt; provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.04 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof, and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.06 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.06 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, 

 or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders or the Issuing Bank, or any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit, or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. (g) Disbursement Procedures . The Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by fax or through Electronic Systems) of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. (h) Interim Interest . If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is due; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.12(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. (i) Replacement of the Issuing Bank . (i) The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such 

 replacement of the Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.11(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i) above. (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the aggregate LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 105 of the amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral in accordance with this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.10(b) or 2.19. Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the LC Collateral Account and the Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account and all moneys or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the aggregate LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all such Events of Default have been cured or waived as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent. 

 (k) Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent . Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent or unless JPMCB is the only Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. (l) LC Exposure Determination . For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of a Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at the time of determination. (m) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. SECTION 2.06. Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by such Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 1:00 p.m., Chicago time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage; provided that and Swingline Loans 

 shall be made as provided in Section 2.04. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the Funding Account(s); provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.05(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank. (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower each severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Revolving Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing; provided, that any interest received from the Borrower by the Administrative Agent during the period beginning when Administrative Agent funded the Borrowing until such Lender pays such amount shall be solely for the account of the Administrative Agent. SECTION 2.07. Interest Elections . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election either in writing (delivered by hand or fax) by delivering an Interest Election Request signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable. 

 (c) Each Interest Election Request (including requests submitted through Electronic System) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, provided that RFR Loans are only available under this Agreement as a result of the application of Section 2.13; and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchamrk Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term Benchmark and each RFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. SECTION 2.08. Termination and Reduction of Revolving Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments . 

 (a) Unless previously terminated, all the Revolving Commitments shall termi nate on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate the Revolving Commitments upon the Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations. (c) The Borrower may from time to time reduce the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 10,000,000 and not less than 10,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.10, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments. (d) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments under paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. (e) The Borrower shall have the right to increase the Revolving Commitments by obtaining additional Revolving Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution, provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, (ii) the Borrower may make a maximum of three such requests, (iii) after giving effect thereto, the sum of the total of the additional Revolving Commitments does not exceed 50,000,000, (iv) the Administrative Agent , the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank have approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld, (v) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, and (vi) the procedures described in Section 2.08(f) below have been satisfied. Nothing contained in this Section 2.08 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Revolving Commitment hereunder at any time. (f) Any amendment hereto for such an increase or addition shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall only require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender being added or increasing its Revolving Commitment, subject only to the approval of all Lenders if any such increase or addition would cause the Revolving Commitments to exceed 100,000,000 in the aggregate. As a condition precedent to such an increase or addition , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan 

 Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase or addition , (1) the representations and warranties contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, (2) no Default exists and (3) the Borrower is in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.11 and (ii) legal opinions and documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent. (g) On the effective date of any such increase or addition, (i) any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending) its Revolving Commitment shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase or addition and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall make such other adjustments among the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, commitment fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to effect such reallocation and (ii) the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase (or addition) in the Revolving Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Term Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.15 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Within a reasonable time after the effective date of any increase or addition, the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Commitment Schedule to reflect such increase or addition and shall distribute such revised Commitment Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrower, whereupon such revised Commitment Schedule shall replace the old Commitment Schedule and become part of this Agreement. SECTION 2.09. Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date , and (ii) to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made if required by the Swingline Lender; provided that, unless not required by the Swingline Lender, on each date that a Revolving Loan is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Revolving Loan shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. 
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such 

 Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, if any, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). SECTION 2.10. Prepayment of Loans . (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section and, if applicable, payment of any break funding expenses under Section 2.15. (b) In the event and on such occasion that the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall prepay the Revolving Loans, and/or LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans (or, if no such Borrowings are outstanding, deposit cash collateral in the LC Collateral Account in an aggregate amount equal to such excess, in accordance with Section 2.05(j)). (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by fax) or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, of any prepayment under this Section: (i) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Revolving Borrowing not later than five (5) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (iii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the date of prepayment or (iv) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., Chicago time, on the date 

 of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.08, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.08. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.12 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.15. SECTION 2.11. Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent a commitment fee for the account of each Revolving Lender, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders Revolving Commitments terminate; it being understood that the LC Exposure of a Lender shall be included and the Swingline Exposure of a Lender shall be excluded in the drawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender for purposes of calculating the commitment fee. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans on the daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.25 per annum on the daily amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Revolving Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. 

 Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. SECTION 2.12. Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. (b) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of each Lender affected thereby for reductions in interest rates), declare that (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 2 plus the rate applicable to such fee or other obligation as provided hereunder. (d) Accrued interest on each Loan (for ABR Loans, accrued through the last day of the prior calendar month) shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 

 (e) Interest computed by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case, interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or Term SOFR Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. SECTION 2.13. Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality. (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.13, if : 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Term SOFR Rate, as applicable (including, because the Term SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR ; or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or Loan) included in such Borrowing ; 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders through Electronic System as provided in Section 9.01 as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.07 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03 , (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) be repaid or converted into an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice 

 affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.13(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.07 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.13(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan . (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.13), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.13, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 

 action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.13. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (6) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted (1) any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (2) any such request for an RFR Borrowing into a request for an ABR Borrowing. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.13, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Loan so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan. 
 SECTION 2.14. Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall: 

 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate) or the Issuing Bank; or (ii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Revolving Commitments of or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing 

 Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. SECTION 2.15. Break Funding Payments . (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.10), (b) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.08(d) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18 or 9.02(d), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certifi cate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.10 and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. SECTION 2.16. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has 

 been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.16), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. (c) Evidence of Payment . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.16, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment, or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Loan Party by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). (f) Status of Lenders . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and 

 submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.16(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of 

 Exhibit B-2 or Exhibit B-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.16 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.16), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.16 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been 

 deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.16 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document (including Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations). (i) Defined Term s. For purposes of this Section 2.16, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. SECTION 2.17. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.14, 2.15 or 2.16, or otherwise) prior to 2:00 p.m., Chicago time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices designated by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Unless otherwise provided for herein, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars. (b) Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent (i) not constituting either (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the Borrower), or (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.10) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably first , to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank from the Borrower (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), second , to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrower (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), third , to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth , to prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and to pay any amounts owing with respect to Swap Agreement Obligations up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.21, ratably), fifth , to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the aggregate LC Exposure, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations, and sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing in respect of Banking Services Obligations up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.21, and seventh , to the payment of any other Secured Obligation due to the 

Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower or any other Loan Party . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the Borrower, or unless a Default is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any Term Benchmark Loan of a Class, except (i) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (ii) in the event, and only to the extent, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans of the same Class and, in any such event, the Borrower shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.15. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Secured Obligations arising under Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations shall be excluded from the application described above and paid in clause seventh if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may have reasonably requested from the applicable provider of such Banking Services or Swap Agreements. (c) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder, whether made following a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03 or 2.04 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans), and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 2.04, as applicable, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents. 
 (d) If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any 

 Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the NYFRB Rate. (f) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender hereunder. Application of amounts pursuant to (i) and (ii) above shall be made in such order as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. (g) The Administrative Agent may from time to time provide the Borrower with account statements or invoices with respect to any of the Secured Obligations (the Statements ). The Administrative Agent is under no duty or obligation to provide Statements, which, if provided, will be solely for the Borrower s convenience. Statements may contain estimates of the amounts owed during the relevant billing period, whether of principal, interest, fees or other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower pays the full amount indicated on a Statement on or before the due date indicated on such Statement, the Borrower shall not be in default of payment with respect to the billing period indicated on such Statement; provided, that acceptance by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of any payment that is less than the total amount actually due at that time (including but not limited to any past due amounts) shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s or the Lenders right to receive payment in full at another time. SECTION 2.18. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority 

 for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.16, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.14, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.16, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.14 or 2.16) and obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in circumstances where its consent would be required under Section 9.04, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unrea sonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.14 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.16, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. SECTION 2.19. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender : (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(a); 

 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 2.18(b) or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize the Issuing Banks LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the Issuing Banks future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto; (c) such Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than to the extent expressly provided in Section 9.02(b)) and the Revolving Commitment and Revolving Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby; (d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than, in the case of a Defaulting Lender that is a Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated 

 among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure to exceed its Revolving Commitment; (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.11(a) and 2.11(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.11(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, renew, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and such Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.19(c), and Swingline Exposure related to any such newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.19(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. I n the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and on the date of such readjustment such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the 

 Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. SECTION 2.20. Returned Payments . If, after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Secured Obligations or the part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.20 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.20 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. SECTION 2.21. Banking Services and Swap Agreements . Each Lender or Affiliate thereof providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such Banking Services or Swap Agreements, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent). In furtherance of that requirement, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall furnish the Administrative Agent, from time to time after a significant change therein or upon a request therefor, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations. JPMCB and any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof shall not be subject to foregoing requirements under this Section 2.21. The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining which tier of the waterfall, contained in Section 2.17(b), such Banking Services Obligations and/or Swap Agreement Obligations will be placed. ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that (and where applicable, agrees): SECTION 3.01. Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to 

 which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.02. Authorization; No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is or is to be a party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Material Contract to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority, or (iii) any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject where such conflict could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) violate any Law where such violation could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (d) cause any forfeiture or impairment of any of FCC License. SECTION 3.03. Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the FCC and the SEC) or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Collateral Documents (including the first priority nature thereof subject to such Liens as are permitted hereby) or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except for the authorizations, approvals, actions, notices and filings listed on Schedule 3.03 , all of which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect and the filing of a copy of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents with the FCC and the filing of a copy of this Agreement with the SEC in accordance with applicable law, which filings (or the failure to file) do not affect the validity or enforceability of the Loan or the Loan Documents. SECTION 3.04. Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms except as enforcement thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditor s rights, generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding in law or equity). SECTION 3.05. Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 

 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (iii) show all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness. (b) The unaudited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries dated March 31, 2015 and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. Schedule 3.05 sets forth all material indebtedness and other liabilities, direct or contingent, of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date of such financial statements, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and Indebtedness not disclosed in such financial statements. 
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (d) The consolidated and consolidating forecasted balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(b) or Section 5.01 were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Borrower s best estimate of its future financial condition and performance and are not a guaranty of future performance. 
 (e) The consolidated and consolidating forecasted balance sheet, statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(b) or Section 5.01 were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts, and represented, at the time of delivery, the Borrower s best estimate of its future financial condition and performance and are not a guaranty of future performance. 
 SECTION 3.06. Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the FCC and the SEC), by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (b) either individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

 SECTION 3.07. No Default . Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to, or a party to, any Contractual Obligation that could, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. SECTION 3.08. Ownership of Property; Liens; Investments . (a) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (b) Schedule 3.08(b) sets forth, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, a complete and accurate list of all Liens other than Liens created or permitted by the Loan Documents on the property or assets of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, showing as of the date hereof the lienholder thereof, the principal amount of the obligations secured thereby and the property or assets of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary subject thereto. The property of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Liens set forth on Schedule 3.08(b) , and as otherwise permitted by Section 6.01 . 
 (c) Schedule 3.08(c) sets forth, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, a complete and accurate list of all real property owned by the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, showing the street address or other relevant jurisdiction, state and record owner. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has good, marketable and insurable fee simple title to the real property owned by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens created or permitted by the Loan Documents. 
 (d) (i) Schedule 3.08(d)(i) sets forth, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, a complete and accurate list of all leases of real property under which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is the lessee, showing as of the date hereof the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, lessor and lessee. 
 (ii) Schedule 3.08(d)(ii) sets forth, as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, a complete and accurate list of all leases of real property for which the annual rent payable under such lease exceeds 25,000, under which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is the lessor, showing as of the date hereof the street address, county or other relevant jurisdiction, state, lessor, lessee and expiration date. (e) Schedule 3.08(e) sets forth a complete and accurate list of all Investments held by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party on the date hereof, other than Acquisitions and Investments held by one Loan Party in another Loan Party, showing as of the date hereof the amount, obligor or issuer and maturity, if any, thereof. 
 SECTION 3.09. Environmental Compliance . The Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries conduct in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Borrower has reasonably 

 concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.10. Insurance . The properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary operates. SECTION 3.11. Taxes . The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Borrower or any Subsidiary that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.12. ERISA Compliance . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan. SECTION 3.13. Subsidiaries; Equity Interests; Loan Parties . As of the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 3.13 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned by a Loan Party in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 3.13 free and clear of all Liens except those created under the Collateral Documents. The Borrower has no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 3.13 . Set forth on Part (c) of Schedule 3.13 is a complete and accurate list of all Loan Parties, showing as of the Third Amendment Effective Date (as to each Loan Party) the jurisdiction of its incorporation, the address of its principal place of business and its U.S. taxpayer identification number or, in the case of any non-U.S. Loan Party that does not have a U.S. taxpayer identification number, its unique identification number issued to it by the jurisdiction of its incorporation. The copy of the charter of each Loan Party and each amendment thereto, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, provided pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(vii) is a true and correct copy of each such document, each of which is valid and in full force and effect. SECTION 3.14. Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 

 (a) No Loan Party is engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of any Loan Party only or of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock . (b) [Reserved]. (3) None of the Borrower, any Person Controlling the Borrower, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 3.15. Disclosure . The Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No report, financial statement, certificate or other information furnished (whether in writing or orally) by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. SECTION 3.16. Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.17. Broadcasting Business . (a) Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are the holders of all FCC Licenses duly issued in respect of all Broadcasting Stations owned and operated by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Each Broadcasting Station is being operated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the FCC License applicable to it and the Communications Act, and as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, there are no conditions upon the FCC Licenses other than those stated on the face thereof or the conditions applicable to FCC Licenses generally. As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, all of the FCC Licenses 

 issued to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 3.17 and such FCC Licenses are issued in the name of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries as set forth on Schedule 3.17. Such FCC Licenses constitute all of the authorizations, licenses, and permits issued by the FCC or any other Governmental Authority that are necessary for the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries substantially in the manner presently being conducted by it, and such FCC Licenses are validly issued and in full force and effect, unimpaired by any act or omission by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have fulfilled and performed in all material respects all of their obligations with respect thereto and have full power and authority to operate thereunder. To the best of the Borrower s knowledge, except as set forth in Schedule 3.17, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any investigation, notice of violation, petition, order or complaint issued by or before the FCC which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except for applications for renewal of FCC Licenses that are pending or may become pending during the term of this Agreement, such proceedings that affect the radio or television broadcasting industry generally and as set forth in Schedule 3.17, there are no proceedings by or before the FCC, which could in any manner materially threaten or adversely affect the validity of any of such FCC Licenses. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowledge of a threat of any investigation, notice of violation, order, complaint, petition, or proceeding before the FCC which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or has any reason to believe that any FCC License will not be renewed in the ordinary course, or will be terminated prior to the stated expiration date thereof. (b) The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries (i) have duly and timely filed all reports, applications, and other documents which are required to be filed by the Borrower and such Subsidiary under the Communications Act and the rules and regulations of the FCC, the failure to file of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) are in all respects in compliance with the Communications Act, including laws relating to foreign ownership and multiple ownership and the rules and regulations of the FCC relating to the transmission of radio and television signals, the failure to comply of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. (c) Except as set forth on Schedule 6.16, as of the Second Amendment Effective Date, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Local Marketing Agreement or Time Brokerage Agreement. (d) As of the Second Amendment Effective Date, none of the Auxiliary Licenses, Secondary Station Licenses, Satellite Earth Station Licenses (as such term is defined in the Communication Act) or Relocation Weather Radar Licenses (as such term is defined in the Communication Act) are material to the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. SECTION 3.18. Solvency . Each Loan Party is, individually and together with its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, Solvent. 

 SECTION 3.19. Casualty, Etc . Neither the businesses nor the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries are affected by any fire, explosion, accident, strike, lockout or other labor dispute, drought, storm, hail, earthquake, embargo, act of God or of the public enemy or other casualty (whether or not covered by insurance) that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.20. Common Enterprise . The successful operation and condition of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on the continued successful performance of the functions of the group of the Loan Parties as a whole and the successful operation of each of the Loan Parties is dependent on the successful performance and operation of each other Loan Party. Each Loan Party expects to derive benefit (and its board of directors or other governing body has determined that it may reasonably be expected to derive benefit), directly and indirectly, from (a) successful operations of each of the other Loan Parties and (b) the credit extended by the Lenders to the Borrower hereunder, both in their separate capacities and as members of the group of companies. Each Loan Party has determined that execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents to be executed by such Loan Party is within its purpose, in furtherance of its direct and/or indirect business interests, will be of direct and indirect benefit to such Loan Party, and is in its best interest. SECTION 3.21. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . Each Loan Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and to the knowledge of such Loan Party its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Loan Party being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any agent of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. SECTION 3.22. Operating Entities . Each Loan Party is an operating entity except for Saga Radio Networks, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Saga Radio Networks, LLC does not and will not own any material assets. SECTION 3.23 ETC Disposition . The ETC Disposition complies in all material respects with all applicable Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, the Communications Act), and all material governmental, regulatory, member and other material consents and approvals required for the consummation of the ETC Disposition (including, without limitation, consents and approvals from the FCC and SEC) have been, or prior to the consummation thereof will be, duly obtained and in full force and effect. All applicable waiting periods with respect to the ETC Disposition have expired without any action being taken by any competent Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the FCC and SEC) which restrains, prevents or imposes material adverse conditions upon the consummation of such transaction. At the time of consummation thereof, there shall not exist any judgment, order or injunction prohibiting or imposing material adverse conditions on the ETC Disposition or any transaction contemplated hereby. The ETC Disposition will be consummated on the First Amendment Effective Date in accordance with the terms of the ETC Disposition Documents, without waiver of any of the conditions thereof. The consummation 

 of the ETC Disposition will not violate any statute or regulation of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction, or any order, judgment or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority (including, without limitation, the FCC and SEC), or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any Material Contract or indenture, or any order or decree, binding on any Loan Party. Correct and complete copies of all ETC Disposition Documents have been delivered to the Administrative Agent. The representations and warranties in the ETC Disposition Documents are true and correct in all material respects on the date of the First Amendment, and there have been no amendments to or waivers under the ETC Disposition Documents. All ETC Assets are listed on Schedule 3.23 and there are no other assets being disposed of in connection with the ETC Disposition other than the ETC Assets listed on Schedule 3.23. The total consideration paid or payable in connection with the ETC Disposition shall not be less than 66,600,000. SECTION 3.24. Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. SECTION 3.25. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions . None of the Loan Parties or any of their Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations or other applicable guidance), and neither the execution, delivery or performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. ARTICLE IV Conditions SECTION 4.01. Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): (a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include fax or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.09 payable to the order of each such requesting Lender and a written opinion of the Loan Parties counsels, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders and in each case in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent. (b) Financial Statements and Projections . The Lenders shall have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the 2013 and 2014 fiscal 

 years, (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter ended after the date of the latest applicable financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, and such financial statements shall not, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, reflect any material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as reflected in the audited, consolidated financial statements described in clause (i) of this paragraph and (iii) satisfactory projections through 2017. (c) Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated as of the Effective Date and executed by its Secretary or Assistant Secretary, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, its Financial Officers, and (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation of each Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, and (ii) a long form good standing certificate for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization. (d) No Default Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by a Financial Officer of the Borrower and each other Loan Party, dated as of the Effective Date (i) stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) stating that the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are true and correct as of such date, and (iii) certifying as to any other factual matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. (e) Fees . The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses required to be reimbursed for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Effective Date. All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Effective Date and will be reflected in the funding instructions given by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or before the Effective Date. (f) Lien Searches . The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for liens permitted by Section 6.01 or discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to a pay-off letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (g) Pay-Off Letter . The Administrative Agent shall have received satisfactory pay-off letters for all existing Indebtedness required to be repaid and which confirms that all Liens on any of the property of the Loan Parties constituting Collateral will be terminated concurrently with such payment and all letters of credit issued or guaranteed as part of such Indebtedness shall have been cash collateralized or supported by a Letter of Credit. (h) Funding Account . The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice setting forth the deposit account of the Borrower (the Funding Account to which the Administrative Agent 

 is authorized by the Borrower to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. (i) Collateral Access and Control Agreements . The Administrative Agent shall have received each of (i) the Collateral Access Agreements required to be provided pursuant to the Security Agreement and (ii) the deposit account control agreements required to be provided pursuant to the Security Agreement. (j) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate signed by a Financial Officer dated the Effective Date in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (k) Pledged Equity Interests; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof and (ii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. (l) Filings, Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any UCC financing statement) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.01), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. (m) Insurance . The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the Security Agreement. (n) Letter of Credit Application . The Administrative Agent shall have received a properly completed letter of credit application (whether standalone or pursuant to a master agreement, as applicable) if the issuance of a Letter of Credit will be required on the Effective Date. (o) Legal Due Diligence . The Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have completed all legal due diligence, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. (p) USA PATRIOT Act, Etc . The Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have received all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including USA PATRIOT Act, and a properly completed and signed IRS Form W-8 or W-9, as applicable, for each Loan Party. (q) Other Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or their respective counsel may have reasonably requested. 

 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 9.02) at or prior to 2:00 p.m., Chicago time, on August 17, 2015 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate at such time). SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects). (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. (c) After giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure does not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments. Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants Until all of the Secured Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that it shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to: 

 SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: (1) as soon as available, but in any event within 100 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such consolidated statements to be audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, and such consolidating statements to be certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower to the effect that such statements are fairly stated in all material respects when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 
 (f) as soon as available, but in any event within 55 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated and consolidating statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, such consolidated statements to be certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and such consolidating statements to be certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower to the effect that such statements are fairly stated in all material respects when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and 
 (g) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, an annual business plan and budget of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, for the upcoming fiscal year. 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 5.02(d) , the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under Section 5.01(a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in Sections 5.01(a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. SECTION 5.02. Certificates; Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: (1) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Section 5.01(a) , a certificate of its independent certified public accountants certifying such financial statements and stating that in making the examination necessary therefor no knowledge was obtained of any Default under the financial covenants set forth herein or, if any such Default shall exist, stating the nature and status of such event; 

(h) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower; 
 (i) promptly after any request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of any Loan Party by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or any audit of any of them; 
 (j) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto; 
 (k) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or report furnished to any holder of debt securities of any Loan Party or of any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01 or any other clause of this Section 5.02; 
 (l) as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a report summarizing the insurance coverage (specifying type, amount and carrier) in effect for each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and containing such additional information as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably specify; 
 (m) promptly, and in any event within ten days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning (i) any investigation or possible investigation or (ii) other inquiry (other than any routine inquiry in the ordinary course of business) by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; 
 (n) as soon as practicable, and in any event within 10 days after the issuance, filing or receipt thereof, or upon obtaining knowledge of a material complaint as provided in (iii) below, (i) copies of any order or notice of the FCC or a court of competent jurisdiction which designates any Station License, or any application therefor, for a hearing or which refuses renewal or extension of, or revokes or suspends the authority of any Broadcasting Station to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries provides services under a Local Marketing Agreement to operate, (ii) a copy of any citation, notice of violation or order to show cause issued by the FCC, (iii) a copy of any material complaint filed by or with the FCC, or a petition to deny any application, in each case with respect to such Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iv) a copy of any notice or application by the Borrower of any of its Subsidiaries requesting authority to cease broadcasting on any Broadcasting Station for any period in excess of forty-eight (48) hours; 
 (o) copies of each FCC form 323 Ownership Report (or any comparable form which may be substituted therefore by the FCC) filed with the FCC with respect to each Broadcasting Station owned by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as soon as practicable, and in any event within 30 days following (i) a request in writing by the Administrative Agent; (ii) filing such form if such form is not available publicly by accessing the FCC s worldwide web site e.g., http://licensing.fcc.gov/prod/cdbs/pubacc/prod/own_search.htm ); or (iii) upon consummation of a Permitted Acquisition; and 

(p) promptly following any request therefor, copies of any detailed audit reports, management letters or recommendations submitted to the board of directors (or the audit committee of the board of directors) of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request; 
 (q) promptly, following any request therefor, (x) such additional information regarding the business, financial, legal or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through Administrative Agent) may from time to time reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 
 (r) promptly after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided that if the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, the Borrower or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or (b) or Section 5.02(d) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at www.sagacommunications.com ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (x) the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (y) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in every instance the Borrower shall be required upon request of the Administrative Agent to provide paper copies of the Compliance Certificates required by Section 5.02(b) to the Administrative Agent. Except for such Compliance Certificates, the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Borrower with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such document to it and maintaining its copies of such documents. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another Platform. 

 SECTION 5.03. Notices . Notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: (1) of the occurrence of any Default within five (5) days of obtaining knowledge thereof; 
 (2) promptly, of any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws; 
 (3) promptly, of the occurrence of any ERISA Event which could reasonably be expected to result in a liability in excess of 1,000,000; and 
 (4) promptly, of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section (i) shall be in writing, (ii) shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads Notice under Section 5.03 of Saga Communications Credit Agreement dated August 18, 2015 and (iii) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 5.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities, including (a) all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary; (b) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property; and (c) all Indebtedness, as and when due and payable subject to such grace period as are set forth in the definition of Indebtedness and to any subordination provisions contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing such Indebtedness. SECTION 5.05. Preservation of Existence, Etc . (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.06. Maintenance of Properties . (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

 SECTION 5.07. Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons and providing for not less than 30 days prior notice to the Administrative Agent of termination, lapse or cancellation of such insurance. SECTION 5.08. Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property including, without limitation, under the Communications Act and the Federal Aviation Administration, applicable to it, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being properly contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted if so permitted under applicable Law including, without limitation, the Communications Act; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries shall at all times maintain the Station Licenses and all other licenses, permits, permissions and other authorizations necessary to operate the radio and television stations as currently operated by such Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. SECTION 5.09. Books and Records . (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be. SECTION 5.10. Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at the expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided , however , that so long as no Default has occurred and is continuing the Borrower will not be required to pay for more than one such inspection in any calendar year and further provided however , that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and without advance notice. SECTION 5.11. Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Borrowings and Letters of Credit (i) to refinance certain existing Indebtedness of the Borrower; (ii) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Transactions; (iii) for Permitted Acquisitions; and (iv) for working capital and for general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document. The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (x) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (y) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (z) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 

 SECTION 5.12. Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security . (a) Upon the acquisition of any property, other than an Excluded Asset, by any Loan Party, if such property, in the judgment of the Administrative Agent, shall not already be subject to a perfected first priority security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, then the Borrower shall, at the Borrower s expense: (i) within 10 Business Days after such acquisition, or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent, furnish to the Administrative Agent a description of the property so acquired in detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 
 (ii) within 15 Business Days after such acquisition, or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent, cause the applicable Loan Party to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent Security Agreement Supplements, IP Security Agreement Supplements and other security and pledge agreements, as specified by and in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, securing payment of all the Obligations of the applicable Loan Party under the Loan Documents and constituting Liens on all such properties, 
 (iii) within 30 days after such acquisition, or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent, cause the applicable Loan Party to take whatever action (including the filing of UCC financing statements) may be necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in the Administrative Agent (or in any representative of the Administrative Agent designated by it) valid and subsisting Liens on such property, enforceable against all third parties, and 
 (iv) within 60 days after such acquisition, or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent, upon the request of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, a signed copy of a favorable opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Loan Parties acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to the matters contained in clauses (ii) and (iii) above and as to such other matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
 (b) At any time upon request of the Administrative Agent, promptly execute and deliver any and all further instruments and documents and take all such other action as the Administrative Agent may deem necessary or desirable in obtaining the full benefits of, or (as applicable) in perfecting and preserving the Liens of, such guaranties, Security Agreement Supplements, IP Security Agreement Supplements and other security and pledge agreements. 
 SECTION 5.13. Compliance with Environmental Laws . Comply, and cause all lessees and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply, in all material respects, with all applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; obtain and renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and conduct any investigation, study, sampling and testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to remove and clean up all Hazardous Materials from any of its properties, in accordance with the requirements of all Environmental Laws; provided, however, that neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to undertake any such cleanup, removal, remedial or other action to the extent that its obligation to do so is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and appropriate reserves are being maintained with respect to such circumstances in accordance with GAAP. SECTION 5.14. Further Assurances . Promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, (a) correct any material defect or error that may be 

 discovered in any Loan Document or in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation thereof, and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent, or any Lender through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably require from time to time in order to (i) carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents, (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject any Loan Party s or any of its Subsidiaries properties, assets, rights or interests to the Liens now or hereafter intended to be covered by any of the Collateral Documents, (iii) perfect and maintain the validity, effectiveness and priority of any of the Collateral Documents and any of the Liens intended to be created thereunder and (iv) assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer, preserve, protect and confirm more effectively unto the Secured Parties the rights granted or now or hereafter intended to be granted to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document or under any other instrument executed in connection with any Loan Document to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is or is to be a party, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so. SECTION 5.15. Compliance with Terms of Leaseholds . Make all payments and otherwise perform all obligations in respect of all leases of real property to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, keep such leases in full force and effect and not allow such leases to lapse or be terminated or any rights to renew such leases to be forfeited or cancelled, notify the Administrative Agent of any default by any party with respect to such leases and cooperate with the Administrative Agent in all respects to cure any such default, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so, except, in any case, where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION5.16. Reserved . SECTION5.17. Material Contracts . Perform and observe all the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it, maintain each such Material Contract in full force and effect, enforce each such Material Contract in accordance with its terms, take all such action to such end as may be from time to time requested by the Administrative Agent and, upon request of the Administrative Agent, make to each other party to each such Material Contract such demands and requests for information and reports or for action as any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled to make under such Material Contract, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so, except, in any case, where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.18. Treasury Management . The Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries shall maintain all of its treasury, depository and cash management arrangements with a Lender to the extent that the fees, charges, interest payments and other account arrangements are competitive with those of similar banks in the marketplace, excluding (i) petty cash accounts holding in the aggregate, for all of such accounts at any time, of not more than 2,500,000, and (ii) payroll and benefit accounts; such accounts in (i) and (ii) immediately preceding will not be subject to any deposit account control agreements. In the event that Borrower reasonably determines that a Lender is not so competitive, the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries may maintain other such accounts so long as such party delivers a deposit account control agreement therefor reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. SECTION 5.19. Additional Subsidiaries . If any Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law from guaranteeing the Obligations and/or providing any security therefor) is formed or acquired after the Effective Date, the Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent in writing thereof not later than the fifteenth Business Day after the date on which such Subsidiary is formed or acquired and (i) the Borrower will cause such Subsidiary to (a) execute and deliver each applicable Collateral Document (or otherwise become a party thereto in the manner provided therein) and become a 

 party to each applicable Loan Document in the manner provided therein, in each case not later than the tenth Business Day after the date on which such Subsidiary is formed (or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent), (b) within 30 days after such formation or acquisition (or such longer period as may be agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent), cause such Subsidiary and each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has not already done so) to take whatever action (including the filing of UCC financing statements and the giving of notices) may be necessary or advisable in the opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in the Administrative Agent valid and subsisting Liens on the property (other than the Excluded Assets) purported to be subject to Security Agreement Supplements, IP Security Agreement Supplements and security and pledge agreements delivered pursuant to this Section 5.19, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, and (c) promptly take such other actions to create and perfect Liens on such Subsidiary s assets to secure the Obligations as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall reasonably request and (ii) the Borrower will cause the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary and promissory notes and other instruments evidencing loans, advances and other debt of such Subsidiary held by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary to be pledged pursuant to the Collateral Documents not later than the fifteenth Business Day after the date on which such Subsidiary is formed or acquired or by such later date as agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent. ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants Until all of the Secured Obligations shall have been Paid in Full, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that it shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: SECTION 6.01. Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or sign or file or suffer to exist under the UCC of any jurisdiction a financing statement that names the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor, or assign any accounts or other right to receive income, including, without limitation, in any Excluded Assets, other than the following: (a) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document; 
 (b) Liens existing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 3.08(b) and any renewals or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed, (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased except as contemplated by Section 6.02 , (iii) the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, and (iv) any renewal or extension of the obligations secured or benefited thereby is permitted by Section 6.02 ; 

(c) Liens for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 
 (d) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person; 
 (e) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; 
 (f) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (g) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount, and which do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
 (h) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under clause (h) of Article VII; 
 (i) purchase money security interests on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.02(c) , (ii) such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets, (iv) such security interest shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (v) the amount of Indebtedness permitted to be secured hereunder, shall not exceed 10,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 
 (j) security interests existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Effective Date prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary, provided that (i) such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.02(d), (ii) such security interests are not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, as applicable, (iii) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (iv) such security interests shall secure only the Indebtedness that they secure on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as applicable, and any extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; and 

(k) [Reserved]. 
 SECTION 6.02. Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents; (b) Indebtedness outstanding on the Third Amendment Effective Date and listed on Schedule 6.02 and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness is not increased at the time of such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to a reasonable premium or other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such refinancing and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder and the direct or any contingent obligor with respect thereto is not changed, as a result of or in connection with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension; (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof, provided that (A) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (B) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this subsection (c) shall not, without duplication, exceed 10,000,000 at any time outstanding; (d) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the Effective Date, provided that (A) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary and (B) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this subsection (d) shall not, without duplication, exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding; (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Guarantor and of any Guarantor to the Borrower or any other Guarantor; (f) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Guarantor and by any Guarantor of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Guarantor, provided that such Indebtedness is otherwise permitted by this Section 6.02; 

 (g) other unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 10,000,000 at any time outstanding; (h) [Reserved]; and (i) Indebtedness in respect of Swap Agreements, provided that such transaction is entered into for risk management purposes and not for speculative purposes. SECTION 6.03. Investments . Make or hold any Investments, except: (a) Investments held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the form of Cash Equivalents; (b) Investments amongst the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (c) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from such Investment, additional Investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, up to an aggregate amount of all such Investments made after the Third Amendment Effective Date not to exceed 7,500,000 (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs); (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; (e) Guarantees permitted by Section 6.02; (f) Investments existing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 3.08(e) ; (g) any Permitted Acquisition and any deposits, loans and advances in connection with any Permitted Acquisition, provided that any such loan or advance shall be in lieu of a deposit, shall be on a short-term basis pending the closing of such Permitted Acquisition and, if such loan or advance is secured, the applicable Loan Party s security interest shall be assigned to the Administrative Agent; 

 (h) Investments constituting deposits made in connection with the purchase of goods or services in the ordinary course of business; (i) Investments in respect of Swap Agreements, provided that such transaction is entered into for risk management purposes and not for speculative purposes; and (j) loans to directors, officer and employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that (i) at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) loans to any one director, officer or employee shall not exceed 300,000 at any time outstanding, (iii) the aggregate amount of loans to all directors, officers and employees shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding, (iv) no loan may be made to a director or executive officer of the Borrower and (v) to the extent prohibited by applicable law, no loan may be made to a director or executive officer of any Subsidiary. SECTION 6.04. Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom: (a) any wholly-owned Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity, and any wholly-owned Subsidiary may merge into any Subsidiary Guarantor in a transaction in which such Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving entity; (b) any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to the Borrower or to any Subsidiary Guarantor; (c) the Borrower or any Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets in a transaction that is not permitted by this Section 6.04, provided that such sale, transfer, lease or other disposition is permitted by Section 6.05; (d) the Borrower may declare and pay, and agree to pay, dividends with respect to its Equity Interests payable solely in perpetual common Equity Interests; (e) any wholly-owned Subsidiary may declare and pay dividends with respect to its Equity Interests to the Borrower; and 

 (f) any Subsidiary that does not have any material assets may liquidate or dissolve if all of its assets are transferred to the Borrower or to any Subsidiary Guarantor. SECTION 6.05. Dispositions . Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except: (a) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property or property no longer used or useful in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business; (b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; (d) Dispositions of property by any Subsidiary to the Borrower or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Guarantor, the transferee thereof must either be the Borrower or a Guarantor; (e) non-exclusive licenses of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business and substantially consistent with past practice for terms not exceeding five years; (f) Disposition of Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business; (g) Dispositions of owned or leased vehicles in the ordinary course of business; (h) Disposition of leased real estate in the ordinary course of business; (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the ETC Disposition; 

 (j) all Dispositions made prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date (which Borrower represents and warrants were made in compliance with this Agreement, as in effect at the time of such Dispositions); and (k) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, other Dispositions of property where the aggregate fair market value of all such Dispositions of property after the Second Amendment Effective Date is not in excess of 7,500,000. SECTION 6.06. Restricted Payments . Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, or issue or sell any Equity Interests or accept any capital contributions, except that, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of any action described below or would result therefrom: (a) each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower, any Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are Guarantors and any other Person that owns a direct Equity Interest in such Subsidiary, ratably according to their respective holdings of the type of Equity Interest in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made; (b) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the common stock or other common Equity Interests of such Person; (c) the Borrower and each Subsidiary may purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire its common Equity Interests with the proceeds received from the substantially concurrent issue of new common Equity Interests or from the dividends permitted under subsection (d) immediately following; (d) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and no Default or Event of Default would occur after giving effect to such dividend or repurchase, the Borrower may (i) declare or pay cash dividends to its stockholders and (ii) repurchase any outstanding Equity Interests held by its stockholders, if after giving effect to any proposed Restricted Payment under (i) or (ii), the aggregate amount of such proposed Restricted Payments made during any fiscal year does not exceed, in the aggregate, the amount which, if paid, would create an Event of Default under the pro forma calculation of the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, after giving effect to any proposed Restricted Payment, based upon the trailing twelve-month calculation as of the last day of the month immediately preceding the month such Restricted Payment is made; provided that if the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50:1.00 as of the last day of such month, such pro forma calculation is not required and no such Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test will be required; and (e) the Borrower may issue and sell its common Equity Interests, so long as no Change of Control results therefrom. 

 SECTION 6.07. Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto. SECTION 6.08. Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate. SECTION 6.09. Burdensome Agreements . Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that (a) limits the ability (i) of any Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Guarantor or to otherwise transfer property to or invest in the Borrower or any Guarantor, except for any agreement in effect (A) on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 6.09 or (B) at the time any Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) of any Subsidiary to Guarantee the Indebtedness of the Borrower or (iii) of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person; provided, however, that this clause (iii) shall not prohibit any negative pledge incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.02(i) solely to the extent any such negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness; or (b) requires the grant of a Lien to secure an obligation of such Person if a Lien is granted to secure another obligation of such Person. SECTION 6.10. Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. SECTION 6.11. Financial Covenants . (a) Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower (as calculated for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ending) to be greater than 3.50:1.00; or (b) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower (as calculated for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ending) to be less than 1.15:1.00. 

 SECTION 6.12. Amendments of Material Documents . The Borrower will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under (a) its Organizational Documents other than immaterial amendments, modifications or waivers that could not reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, (b) any of the ETC Disposition Documents, or (c) any other Material Contract, to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would be materially adverse to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders. SECTION 6.13. Accounting Changes . Make any change in (a) accounting policies or reporting practices, except as required by GAAP, or (b) fiscal year or fiscal quarters. SECTION 6.14. Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness . Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner, or make any payment in violation of any subordination terms of, any Indebtedness, except (a) the prepayment of the Loans and Letters of Credit in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (b) regularly scheduled or required repayments or redemptions of Indebtedness set forth in Schedule 6.02 and refinancings and refundings of such Indebtedness in compliance with Section 6.02(b). SECTION 6.15. Amendment, Etc. . Amend, modify or change in any manner any material term or condition of any Indebtedness set forth in Schedule 6.02 , except for any refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension thereof permitted by Section 6.02(b). SECTION 6.16. Local Marketing Agreements and Time Brokerage Agreements . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Local Marketing Agreements (other than with the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to another Broadcasting Station of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), except for any Local Marketing Agreements in effect on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 6.16 or otherwise established on commercially reasonable terms (as determined in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower) in connection with a Permitted Acquisition. (b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Time Brokerage Agreements (other than with the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to another Broadcasting Station of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), except for any Time Brokerage Agreements in effect on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 6.16 . (c) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Shared Services Agreements (other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary with respect to another Broadcasting 

 Station of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), except for any Shared Services Agreements in effect on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule 3.17 or otherwise established on commercially reasonably terms (as determined in the reasonably opinion of the Borrower and approved by the Administrative Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) in connection with one or more Permitted Acquisitions. SECTION 6.17. Equity Interests . The Borrower will not issue any Disqualified Equity Interests, or be or become liable in respect of any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to purchase, redeem, retire, acquire or make any other payment in respect of any Equity Interests of the Borrower, except as permitted under Section 6.06. The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to issue any Equity Interest which is not pledged to the Administrative Agent. ARTICLE VII Events of Default If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur: (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower or any other Loan Party fails to (i) pay when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan or any LC Disbursement or deposit any funds as cash collateral to the LC Collateral Account, or (ii) pay within three days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any LC Disbursement, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) pay within five days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or (b) Specific Covenants . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 5.01, 5.02, 5.03, 5.05, 5.07, 5.10, 5.11, 5.12, 5.14, 5.18, 5.19 or Article VI; or (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in clauses (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days; or (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 

 (e) Cross-Default . (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Agreements) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Agreement an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Agreement) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Agreement as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Agreement) or (B) any Termination Event (as defined in such Swap Agreement) under such Swap Agreement as to which a Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof is an Affected Party (as defined in such Swap Agreement) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or (g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or (h) Judgments . There is entered against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments and orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer is rated at least A by A.M. Best Company, has been notified of the potential claim and does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments 

 that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 10 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control; or (l) Collateral Documents . Any Collateral Document after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 4.01 or 5.12 shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof) cease to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.01) on the Collateral purported to be covered thereby; or (m) FCC Licenses . Any FCC License of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is revoked or canceled, expires or is suspended for more than five consecutive days, other than (to the extent not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents) by reason of (i) a voluntary surrender (consented to by the Administrative Agent), not in response to any adverse action or threatened adverse action by any Governmental Authority, or (ii) a disposition permitted by this Agreement, and such revocation, cancellation, expiration or suspension has a Material Adverse Effect. then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Revolving Commitments, whereupon the Revolving Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then out standing to be due and payable in whole (or in part, but ratably as among the Classes of Loans and the Loans of each Class at the time outstanding, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may 

 thereafter be declared to be due and payable), whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in the case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Revolving Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without present ment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, increase the rate of interest applicable to the Loans and other Obligations as set forth in this Agreement and exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent SECTION 8.01. Authorization and Action . (a) Each Lender, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than within the United States, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute and enforce any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the 

Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank, any other Secured Party or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; and nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account; 
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 

(e) None of any Syndication Agent, any Co-Documentation Agent or the Arranger shall have obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each other Secured Party to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the other Secured Parties, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. (g) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article. 
 SECTION 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc . (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be (i) liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties 

under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any (i) notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.03 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.03 in respect of this Agreement and identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or (ii) notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, or (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral. 
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (i) may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, (ii) may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), (iii) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, (iv) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (v) in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and (vi) shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise 

authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 SECTION 8.03. Posting of Communications . (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic system chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). 
 (b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER, ANY CO-DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. 
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. 

 (d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (e) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 
 SECTION 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Banks , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. SECTION 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be 

discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and continue to be entitled to the rights set forth in such Collateral Document and Loan Document, and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this Section (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any further action under any Security Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and (ii) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that (A) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and (B) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (a) above. 
 SECTION 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks . (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities.. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without 

reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date or the effective date of any such Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan document pursuant to which it shall have become a Lender hereunder. 
 (c) (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

 (iii) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party except, in each case, to the extent such Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Payment. (iv) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. (d) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Administrative Agent (A) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (B) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report; (iii) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel and that the Administrative Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (iv) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and (v) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, (A) it will hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any extension of credit that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans; and (B) it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or any such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 SECTION 8.07. Collateral Matters. (a) Except with respect to the exercise of setoff rights in accordance with Section 9.08 or with respect to a Secured Party s right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the UCC. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver 

on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. 
 (b) In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no arrangements in respect of Banking Services the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations and no Swap Agreement the obligations under which constitute Secured Obligations, will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that is a party to any such arrangement in respect of Banking Services or Swap Agreement, as applicable, shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph. 
 (c) The Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(b). The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Administrative Agent s Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or any other Secured Party for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 SECTION 8.08. Credit Bidding . The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case 

 may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership interests, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. SECTION 8.09. Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, and the conditions for exemptive relief thereunder are and will continue to be satisfied in connection therewith, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional 

Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 
 (b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has not provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that: 
 (i) none of the Administrative Agent, or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto), 
 (ii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is independent (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-21, as amended from time to time) and is a bank, an insurance carrier, an investment adviser, a broker-dealer or other person that holds, or has under management or control, total assets of at least 50 million, in each case as described in 29 CFR 2510.3-21(c)(1)(i)(A)-(E), 
 (iii) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment strategies (including in respect of the Obligations), 
 (iv) the Person making the investment decision on behalf of such Lender with respect to the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement is a fiduciary under ERISA or the Code, or both, with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating the transactions hereunder, and 
 (v) no fee or other compensation is being paid directly to the Administrative Agent, or the Arranger or any their respective Affiliates for investment advice (as opposed to other 

services) in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 SECTION 8.10. Flood Laws . Chase has adopted internal policies and procedures that address requirements placed on federally regulated lenders under the National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 and related legislation (the Flood Laws ). Chase, as administrative agent or collateral agent on a syndicated facility, will post on the applicable electronic platform (or otherwise distribute to each Lender in the syndicate) documents that it receives in connection with the Flood Laws. However, Chase reminds each Lender and Participant in the facility that, pursuant to the Flood Laws, each federally regulated Lender (whether acting as a Lender or Participant in the facility) is responsible for assuring its own compliance with the flood insurance requirements. ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous SECTION 9.01. Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or Electronic Systems (and subject in each case to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax, as follows: (i) if to any Loan Party, to it in care of the Borrower at: Saga Communications, Inc. 

 73 Kercheval Ave. Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan 48236 Attention: Samuel D. Bush, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Telephone No: 313.886.7070 Telecopier No: 313.886.7150 E-mail: sbush.sagacom.com (ii) if to the Administrative Agent or Swingline Lender at: 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 Suite IL1-0480 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 Attention: Dia Alsabah Email: dia.alsabah@chase.com With copy(s) to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Middle Market Servicing 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 Suite IL1-0480 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 Attention: Commercial Banking Group Fax No: (844) 490-5663 Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com jpm.agency.servicing.1@jpmorgan.com Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries: Email: agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com 

 Agency Compliance/Financials/Intralinks: Email: covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com (iii) if to Issuing Bank at: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 Suite IL1-0480 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 Attention: LC Agency Team Tel: 800-364-1969 Fax: 856-294-5267 Email: chicago.lc.agency.activity.team@jpmchase.com With a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2 Suite IL1-0480 Chicago, IL, 60603-2300 Attention: Dia Alsabah Email: dia.alsabah@chase.com (iv) if to any other Lender, to it at its address or fax number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. All such notices and other communications (i) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail shall be deemed to have been given when received, (ii) sent by fax shall be deemed to have been given when sent, provided that if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient, or (iii) delivered through Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic 

 Platforms, as applicable, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, or pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II or to compliance and no Default certificates delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (on behalf of the Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by using Electronic Systems or Approved Electronic Platforms, as applicable, pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise proscribes, all such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient. (c) Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. (b) Subject to Section 2.13(c), (d) and (e) and Section 9.02(e), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by 

 the Borrower and the Required Lenders or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (A) increase the Revolving Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (B) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (C) postpone any scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Revolving Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (D) change Section 2.17(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (E) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (F) change Section 2.19, without the consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (G) release any material Loan Guarantor from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty or Obligation Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), or (H) except as provided in clause (c) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender); provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be (it being understood that any amendment to Section 2.19 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank); provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.07 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral agreement between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, respectively. The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04. Any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of the Lenders of one or more Classes (but not the Lenders of any other Class), may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the requisite number or percentage in interest of each affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time. (c) The Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the Payment in Full of all Secured Obligations and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to each affected Lender, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement 

 (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed of constitutes 100 of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty or Obligation Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary, (iii) constituting property leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (iv) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent will not release any Liens on Collateral without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, release its Liens on Collateral valued in the aggregate not in excess of 1,000,000 during any calendar year without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders (it being agreed that the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on one or more certificates of the Borrower as to the value of any Collateral to be so released, without further inquiry). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. (d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but has not been obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.14 and 2.16, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.15 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 

 (a) Expenses . The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay all (i) reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through an Electronic System or Approved Electronic Platform) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. Expenses being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with: 
 (A) appraisals and insurance reviews; 
 (B) field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a third party retained by the Administrative Agent or the internally allocated fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination; 
 (C) background checks regarding senior management and/or key investors, as deemed necessary or appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; 
 (D) Taxes, fees and other charges for (i) lien and title searches and title insurance and (ii) recording the Mortgages, filing financing statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agent s Liens; 
 (E) sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take; and 
 (F) forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral. 
 
 All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrower as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.17(c) . (b) Limitation of Liability . To the extent permitted by applicable law (i) neither the Borrower nor any Loan Party shall assert, and the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and (ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or 

punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this Section 9.03(b) shall relieve the Borrower or any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 
 (c) Indemnity . The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, (ii) the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iv) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, (v) the failure of a Loan Party to deliver to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by such Loan Party for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.16 , or (vi) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(c) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (d) Lender Reimbursement . Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by any Loan Party under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such; provided , further , that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and non-appealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Person s gross negligence or 

willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and Payment in Full of the Secured Obligations. 
 (e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable after written demand therefor. 
 
 SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b)(i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of: (A) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof, and provided further that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; (B) the Administrative Agent; (C) the Issuing Bank; and (D) the Swingline Lender. 

 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Revolving Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Revolving Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement; (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; and (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings: Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Ineligible Institution means a (a) natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Parent, (c) company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that, such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or 

 Revolving Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business or (d) a Loan Party or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of a Loan Party. (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Revolving Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04, 2.05(d) or (e), 2.06(b), 2.17(d) or 9.03(d), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

 (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant other than an Ineligible Institution in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Revolving Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.14, 2.15 and 2.16 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.16(f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.16(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.16(g) will be delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.17 and 2.18 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.14 or 2.16 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.18(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.17(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Revolving Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Revolving Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

 (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. SECTION 9.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstand ing and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Revolving Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Revolving Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic 

 Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. SECTION 9.07. Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

 SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all of the Secured Obligations owing to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Loan Parties may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.19 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Secured Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The applicable Lender, the Issuing Bank or such Affiliate shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such setoff or application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff or application under this Section. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . (a) The Loan Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of the State of Michigan, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks. (b) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. federal court in Michigan or Michigan state court in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such state court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

 (c) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. SECTION 9.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan Parties 

 and their obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower, (h) to any Person providing a Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, (i) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, or (j) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. SECTION 9.13. Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any Requirement of Law. SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. SECTION 9.15. Disclosure . Each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with, any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. SECTION 9.16. Appointment for Perfection . Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the 

 Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. SECTION 9.17. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under appli cable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. SECTION 9.18. No Fiduciary Duty, etc . The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transaction contemplated therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 

 SECTION 9.19. Marketing Consent . The Borrower hereby authorizes JPMCB and its affiliates (including without limitation JPMorgan Securities LLC) (collectively, the JPMCB Parties ), at their respective sole expense, but without any prior approval by the Borrower, to publish such tombstones and give such other publicity to this Agreement as each may from time to time determine in its sole discretion. The foregoing authorization shall remain in effect unless the Borrower notifies JPMCB in writing that such authorization is revoked. SECTION 9.20. FCC Compliance . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any of the Collateral Documents, the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties will not take any action pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Collateral Documents that would constitute or result in any assignment of an FCC License, Auxiliary License, Secondary Station License, Satellite Earth Station License (as such term is defined in the Communications Act) or Relocation Weather Radar License (as such term is defined in the Communications Act), or any change of control of the Broadcasting Stations if such assignment of FCC License, Auxiliary License, Secondary Station License, Satellite Earth Station License or Relocation Weather Radar License, or change of control would require under then existing law (including the published rules and regulations promulgated by the FCC), the prior approval of the FCC, without first obtaining such approval of the FCC. The Administrative Agent and each other Credit Party specifically agree that (a) voting rights in the Equity Interests of the Loan Parties (the Pledged Equity Interests will remain with the holders of such voting rights upon and following the occurrence of an Event of Default unless any required prior approvals of the FCC to the transfer of such voting rights shall have been obtained; (b) upon and following the occurrence of any Event of Default and foreclosure upon the Pledged Equity Interests by the Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties, there will be either a public or private arm s-length sale of the Pledged Equity Interests; and (c) prior to the exercise of voting rights by the purchaser at any such sale, all prior consents of the FCC required by applicable law will be obtained. The Borrower agrees to take any action which the Administrative Agent and/or the other Credit Parties may reasonably request in order to obtain and enjoy the full rights and benefits granted to the Administrative Agent and the Credit Parties by this Agreement including specifically, at the Borrower s own cost and expense, the use of the commercially reasonable efforts of the Borrower to assist in obtaining approval of the FCC, if applicable, for any action or transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents which is then required by law, and specifically, without limitation, upon request following the occurrence of an Event of Default, to prepare, sign and file (or cause to be prepared, signed or filed) with the FCC any portion of any application or applications for consent to the assignment of license or transfer of control required to be signed by the Borrower and necessary or appropriate under the FCC s rules and regulations for approval of any sale or transfer of any of the Equity Interests or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any transfer of control over any FCC License, Auxiliary License, Secondary Station License, Satellite Earth Station License or Relocation Weather Radar License. SECTION 9.21. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. SECTION 9.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . (a) To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 (b) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 ARTICLE X Loan Guaranty SECTION 10.01. Guaranty . Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate Guaranty) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses including, without limitation, all court costs and 

 reasonable attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Secured Obligations, collectively the Guaranteed Obligations provided , however , that the definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor. Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. SECTION 10.02. Guaranty of Payment . This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. SECTION 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty . (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. (b) The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof. (c) Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or 

 direct security for the obligations of the Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations). SECTION 10.04. Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower or any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party , or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party , without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty, except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been Paid in Full. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. SECTION 10.05. Rights of Subrogation . No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party , or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Loan Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders. SECTION 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration . If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. 

 SECTION 10.07. Information . Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. SECTION 10.08. Termination . Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Borrower based on this Loan Guaranty until five (5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. SECTION 10.09. Taxes . Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made. SECTION 10.10. Maximum Liability . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, Uniform Voidable Transactions Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. SECTION 10.11. Contribution . 

 (1) To the extent that any Loan Guarantor shall make a payment under this Loan Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Loan Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Loan Guarantor if each Loan Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Loan Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Loan Guarantors as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment, the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations and the termination of this Agreement, such Loan Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Loan Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment. 
 (2) As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Loan Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Loan Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Loan Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Loan Guarantors as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions. 
 (3) This Section 10.11 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Loan Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 10.11 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Loan Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Loan Guaranty. 
 (4) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Guarantor or Loan Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing. 
 (5) The rights of the indemnifying Loan Guarantors against other Loan Guarantors under this Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon the Payment in Full of the Guaranteed Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 10.12. Liability Cumulative . The liability of each Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor under this Article X is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. SECTION 10.13. Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Part y to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified 

 ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13 constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. [Signature Page Follows] 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By:_____________________________ Name: Samuel D. Bush Title: Chief Financial Officer SAGA RADIO NETWORKS, LLC SAGA BROADCASTING, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF NEW ENGLAND, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF ARKANSAS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA, LLC TIDEWATER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF ILLINOIS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF SOUTH DAKOTA, LLC LAKEFRONT COMMUNICATIONS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF IOWA, LLC SAGA SOUTH COMMUNICATIONS, LLC SAGA COMMUNICATIONS OF TUCKESSEE, LLC WATER DRAGON, LLC By:_____________________________ Name: Samuel D. Bush Title: Treasurer 

 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually, and as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank By:_____________________________ Name:___________________________ Title:____________________________ 

 THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK By:_____________________________ Name:___________________________ Title:____________________________ 

 COMMITMENT SCHEDULE Lender Title Revolving Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Administrative Agent 30,000,000 The Huntington National Bank Syndication Agent 20,000,000 Total 50,000,000 

Schedule 3.03 Governmental Authorizations; Other Consents Schedule 3.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect Schedule 3.08(b) Liens Schedule 3.08(c) Owned Properties Schedule 3.08(d)(i) Leased Properties as Lessee Schedule 3.08(d)(ii) Leased Properties as Lessor Schedule 3.08(e) Investments Schedule 3.13 

 Part (a) Subsidiaries Part (b) Equity Interests Part (c) Loan Parties Schedule 3.17 Broadcasting Business Schedule 3.23 ETC Assets Schedule 6.02 Indebtedness Schedule 6.09 Burdensome Agreements Schedule 6.16 Local Marketing Agreements and Time Brokerage Agreements 

 EXHIBIT A ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [ Insert name of Assignor ] (the Assignor and [ Insert name of Assignee ] (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of credit and guarantees and swingline loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and other rights of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 1. Assignor: ______________________________ 2. Assignee: ______________________________ [and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of [ identify Lender ]] 3. Borrower: Saga Communications, Inc. 4. Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement 

 5. Credit Agreement: Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 among Saga Communications, Inc., the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other parties thereto 

 6. Assigned Interest: Facility Assigned Aggregate Amount of Revolving Commitment/Loans for all Lenders Amount of Revolving Commitment/Loans Assigned Percentage Assigned of Revolving Commitment/Loans 
 Effective Date: _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] The Assignee agrees to deliver to the Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the Assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: ASSIGNOR [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] By:______________________________ Name:____________________________ Title:_____________________________ 

 ASSIGNEE [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] By:______________________________ Name:___________________________ Title:_____________________________ 

 Consented to and Accepted: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender By:_________________________________ Name:______________________________ Title:_______________________________ [if required - Consented to:] SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. By:________________________________ Name:_____________________________ Title:_______________________________ 

 ANNEX 1 to ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION SAGA COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 1. Representations and Warranties . 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or Affiliate or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document, (iv) any requirements under applicable law for the Assignee to become a lender under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or to charge interest at the rate set forth therein from time to time or (v) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or Affiliate, or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 1.2. Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement and under applicable law that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Lender, (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any other Lender or their respective Related Parties, and (v) attached to the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the Assignor or any other Lender or their respective Related Parties, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in 

 accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 2. Payments . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by Electronic Signature (as defined in the Credit Agreement) or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Approved Electronic Platform (as defined in the Credit Agreement) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of Michigan. 

 EXHIBIT B-1 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Saga Communications, Inc., the other Loan Parties party thereto, each Lender from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and Beneficial Owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF LENDER] By:_________________________ Name:_______________________ Title:________________________ Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

 EXHIBIT B-2 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Saga Communications, Inc., the other Loan Parties party thereto, each Lender from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and Beneficial Owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:_________________________ Name:_______________________ Title:________________________ Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

 EXHIBIT B-3 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Saga Communications, Inc., the other Loan Parties party thereto, each Lender from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole Beneficial Owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) from each of such partner s/member s Beneficial Owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] By:_________________________ Name:_______________________ Title:________________________ Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

 EXHIBIT B-4 FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Saga Communications, Inc., the other Loan Parties party thereto, each Lender from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole Beneficial Owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable (or any successor form) from each of such partner s/member s Beneficial Owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. [NAME OF LENDER] By:_________________________ Name:_______________________ Title:________________________ Date: ________ __, 20[ ] 

 EXHIBIT C COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE To: The Lenders party to the Credit Agreement described below This Compliance Certificate Certificate ), for the period ended _______ __, 201_, is furnished pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as amended, modified, renewed or extended from time to time, the Agreement among Saga Communications, Inc. (the Borrower ), the other Loan Parties, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders and as the Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Certificate have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. THE UNDERSIGNED HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT: 1. I am the of the Borrower and I am authorized to deliver this Certificate on behalf of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 2. I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made, or have caused to be made under my supervision, a detailed review of the compliance of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries with the Agreement during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements (the Relevant Period 3. The attached financial statements of the Borrower and, as applicable, its Subsidiaries and/or Affiliates for the Relevant Period: (a) have been prepared on an accounting basis (the Accounting Method consistent with the requirements of the Agreement and, except as may have been otherwise expressly agreed to in the Agreement, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and (b) to the extent that the attached are not the Borrower s annual fiscal year end statements, are subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 4. The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose and I have no knowledge of, except as set forth below, (a) the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default under the Agreement or any other Loan Document during or at the end of the Relevant Period or as of the date of this Certificate or (b) any change in the Accounting Method or in the application thereof that has occurred since the date of the annual financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with the closing of the Agreement or subsequently delivered as required in the Agreement; 

 1. I hereby certify that, except as set forth below, no Loan Party has changed (i) its name, (ii) its chief executive office, (iii) its principal place of business, (iv) the type of entity it is or (v) its state of incorporation or organization without having given the Administrative Agent the notice required by Section 4.15 of the Security Agreement; 2. Schedule I attached hereto sets forth financial data and computations evidencing the Borrower s compliance with certain covenants of the Agreement, all of which data and computations are true, complete and correct; and 3. Schedule II hereto sets forth the computations necessary to determine the Applicable Rate commencing on the Business Day this Certificate is delivered. Described below are the exceptions, if any, referred to in paragraph 4 hereof by listing, in detail, the (i) nature of the condition or event, the period during which it has existed and the action which the Borrower has taken, is taking, or proposes to take with respect to each such condition or event or (ii) change in the Accounting Method or the application thereof and the effect of such change on the attached financial statements: The foregoing certifications, together with the computations set forth in Schedule I and Schedule II hereto and the financial statements delivered with this Certificate in support hereof, are made and delivered this day of , . _____________________________ By: Name: Title: 

 Schedule I to Compliance Certificate Compliance as of _________, ____ with Provisions of and of the Agreement 

 Schedule II to Compliance Certificate Borrower s Applicable Rate Calculation 

 EXHIBIT D JOINDER AGREEMENT THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of [ ], is entered into between ________________________________, a _________________ (the New Subsidiary and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent under that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 18, 2015 (as the same may be amended, modified, extended or restated from time to time, the Credit Agreement among Saga Communications, Inc. (the Borrower ), the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent for the Lenders. All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. The New Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, hereby agree as follows: 1. The New Subsidiary hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Agreement, the New Subsidiary will be deemed to be a Loan Party under the Credit Agreement and a Loan Guarantor for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and shall have all of the obligations of a Loan Party and a Loan Guarantor thereunder as if it had executed the Credit Agreement. The New Subsidiary hereby ratifies, as of the date hereof, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms, provisions and conditions contained in the Credit Agreement, including without limitation (a) all of the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in Article III of the Credit Agreement, (b) all of the covenants set forth in Articles V and VI of the Credit Agreement and (c) all of the guaranty obligations set forth in Article X of the Credit Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing terms of this paragraph 1, the New Subsidiary, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.10 and 10.13 of the Credit Agreement, hereby guarantees, jointly and severally with the other Loan Guarantors, to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as provided in Article X of the Credit Agreement, the prompt payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof and agrees that if any of the Guaranteed Obligations are not paid or performed in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration or otherwise), the New Subsidiary will, jointly and severally together with the other Loan Guarantors, promptly pay and perform the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 

 2. If required, the New Subsidiary is, simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, executing and delivering such Collateral Documents (and such other documents and instruments) as requested by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the Credit Agreement. 3. The address of the New Subsidiary for purposes of Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement is as follows: 4. The New Subsidiary hereby waives acceptance by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of the guaranty by the New Subsidiary upon the execution of this Agreement by the New Subsidiary. 5. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 6. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF MICHIGAN. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Subsidiary has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized officer, and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, has caused the same to be accepted by its authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. [NEW SUBSIDIARY] By: Name: Title: Acknowledged and accepted: 

 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent By: Name: Title: 

 Schedule 3.23 ETC Assets: The Assets, as defined below. Assets means all of the assets of Seller used, directly or indirectly, useful or held for use in the operation of the business of the Stations (excluding only the Excluded Assets), which assets include Seller s right, title and interest to the following: (a) the FCC Licenses (including any pending applications therefor or renewals thereof) related to the Stations, including those listed on Schedule 1.1(a) of the ETC APA and the Antenna Structure Registrations; (b) the Licenses (including any pending applications therefor or renewals thereof) of Seller (other than the FCC Licenses) related, directly or indirectly, to the Stations, the operations of the Stations or the other Assets, including those listed on Schedule 1.1(b) of the ETC APA; (c) all the Stations equipment (including computers and office equipment), transmitting towers, transmitters, supplies, vehicles, furniture, fixtures and leasehold improvements, improvements on land being acquired by Buyer pursuant to Section 1.1 of the ETC APA, and all other tangible personal property, wherever located, in each case that is owned by Seller and used exclusively in the operation of the Stations, including, but not limited to, the items listed on Schedule 1.1(b) of the ETC APA; (d) all Owned Real Property; (e) all Station Intellectual Property, excluding rights under Programming Agreements; (f) all rights of Seller under leases, commitments and other agreements affecting the business and operations of the Stations or the Assets, including (i) all commitments and other agreements relating to the acquisition of programming rights for the Stations, including rights to the film and videotape prints of motion pictures and television programs, with respect to programming currently being broadcast or currently scheduled to be broadcast by the Stations Programming Agreements ), (ii) all commitments and other agreements relating to the sale of broadcast and advertising time on the Stations, (iii) all network affiliation agreements related to the Stations, (iv) the leases, commitments and other agreements listed on Schedules 4.20(a)(i) through 4.20(a)(xiii) of the ETC APA, (v) any other leases, commitments and other agreements relating exclusively to the business and operations of the Stations or the Assets that are entered into consistent with the provisions of Section 6.2 of the ETC APA between the date of the ETC APA and the Closing Date and (vi) any other outstanding offers or solicitations made by or to Seller to enter into any lease, commitment or agreement affecting the Stations or the Assets; (g) all of Seller s rights in connection with any barter transactions and trade agreements affecting to the Stations; 

 (h) all of Seller s rights under manufacturers and vendors warranties to the extent relating to items included in the Assets and all similar rights against third parties relating to items included in the Assets; (i) all files, logs and business records of every kind to the extent relating to the operations of the Stations and owned by Seller, including, but not limited to, programming information and studies, technical information and engineering data, news and advertising studies or consulting reports, sales correspondence, lists of advertisers, promotional materials, credit and sales records, and copies of personnel files for Transferred Employees; (j) all Seller s Contracts relating to or affecting the operations of the Stations or the Assets, and all outstanding offers or solicitations made by or to Seller to enter into any Contract affecting the Stations or the Assets; (k) all Seller s insurance benefits, including rights and proceeds, arising from or relating to the Assets or the Assumed Liabilities prior to the Effective Time, unless expended in accordance with this Agreement; (l) all claims of Seller against third parties relating to the Assets, whether choate or inchoate, known or unknown, contingent or non-contingent; and (m) all rights of Seller relating to deposits and prepaid expenses, claims for refunds and rights to offset in respect thereof that are not otherwise Excluded Assets. Capitalized terms used in the definition of Assets above shall have the meanings given to them in the ETC APA, other than the term ETC APA , which shall have the meaning given to it in the Credit Agreement. 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21>
 3
 sga-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 INFORMATION REGARDING SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT Saga Communications, Inc. Subsidiaries 

Jurisdiction of Name Under Which Subsidiary does Name Organization Business Franklin Communications, Inc. Delaware Franklin Communications, Inc. Saga South Communications, LLC Saga Communications of Iowa, LLC Lakefront Communications, LLC Delaware Lakefront Communications, LLC Saga Communications of Tuckessee, LLC Saga Broadcasting, LLC Delaware Saga Broadcasting, LLC Franklin Communications, Inc. Lakefront Communications, LLC Saga Communications of Illinois, LLC Saga Communications of South Dakota, LLC Tidewater Communications, LLC Saga Communications of Arkansas, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of Arkansas, LLC Saga Communications of Illinois, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of Illinois, LLC Saga Communications of Iowa, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of Iowa, LLC Saga Communications of New England, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of New England, LLC Saga Communications of North Carolina, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of North Carolina, LLC Saga Communications of South Dakota, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of South Dakota, LLC Saga Communications of Tuckessee, LLC Delaware Saga Communications of Tuckessee, LLC Saga South Communications, LLC Delaware Saga South Communications, LLC Tidewater Communications, LLC Delaware Tidewater Communications, LLC Water Dragon, LLC Florida Water Dragon, LLC 
 
 1 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 sga-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

EXHIBIT 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-63321) of Saga Communications, Inc. Employees 401(k) Savings Investment Plan,
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-125361) of Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, and
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-192101) of Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan Second Amended and Restated;
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228307) of Saga Communications, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan Second Amended and Restated, as amended
 of our reports dated March 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Saga Communications, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Saga Communications, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Saga Communications, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ UHY LLP Sterling Heights, Michigan March 16, 2023 
 
 1 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sga-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED I, Christopher S. Forgy, Chief Executive Officer of Saga Communications, Inc., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Saga Communications, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 /s/ Christopher S. Forgy Christopher S. Forgy Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sga-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED I, Samuel D. Bush, Chief Financial Officer of Saga Communications, Inc., certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Saga Communications, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 6 

Date: March 16, 2023 /s/ Samuel D. Bush Samuel D. Bush Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 sga-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Saga Communications, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Christopher S. Forgy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Samuel D. Bush, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of our knowledge, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 /s/ Christopher S. Forgy Christopher S. Forgy Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 16, 2023 /s/ Samuel D. Bush Samuel D. Bush Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sga-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sga-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sga-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sga-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 sga-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

