<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1485074_0001477932-23-002129.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3796168</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190964</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>818343</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1023994</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>715987</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>955075</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002129.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331170038
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002129
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Freeze Tag, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001485074
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54267
		FILM NUMBER:		23788922

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18062 IRVINE BLVD, SUITE 103
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-210-3850

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18062 IRVINE BLVD, SUITE 103
		CITY:			TUSTIN
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92780

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002129.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 frzt_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

frzt_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from_____________ to _____________. Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022: based on the closing price of 0.020 on June 30, 2022 of our common stock. The voting stock held by non-affiliates on that date consisted of 31,653,123 shares of common stock. Applicable Only to Registrants Involved in Bankruptcy Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of March 31, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.00001, issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to rule 424(b) or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). None. Freeze Tag, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. Business 3 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 14 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 25 ITEM 2. Properties 25 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 25 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 25 PART II 26 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 26 ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data 28 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 34 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 35 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 36 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 36 ITEM 9B. Other Information 37 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 38 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 40 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 42 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 44 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 45 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 46 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 49 SIGNATURES 50 2 Table of Contents PART I Explanatory Note This Annual Report includes forward looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation. Forward looking statements also include statements in which words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, consider or similar expressions are used. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company s future results and shareholder values may differ materially from those expressed in these forward looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward looking statements. ITEM 1 BUSINESS Corporate History We were incorporated as Freeze Tag, Inc. in February 2006 in the State of Delaware. In March 2006, Freeze Tag, LLC, our predecessor which was formed in October 2005, was merged with and into Freeze Tag, Inc. In October of 2017, we completed a merger transaction with Munzee Inc. in a transaction in which Freeze Tag, Inc. became the surviving entity and both companies merged their operations together (the Merger ). Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, the Merger is treated as a reverse merger under the purchase method of accounting, with Munzee as the accounting acquirer. Accordingly, Munzee s historical financial results of operations replace Freeze Tag s historical financial results of operations for all periods prior to the Merger and, for all periods following the Merger, our financial statements include the financial results of operations of the combined company. The consolidated entity maintains office addresses in Tustin, California and McKinney, Texas. Other corporate actions that occurred as a result of the merger are that Robert Vardeman, Jr., former CEO of Munzee Inc. became President of Freeze Tag, Inc. and both Robert Vardeman, Jr. and Robert D. Vardeman were added to the Freeze Tag, Inc. Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors currently consists of Craig Holland, Mick Donahoo, Robert Vardeman, Jr., and Robert D. Vardeman. In the quarter ended March 31, 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Space Coast Geo Store, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, began selling merchandise to the geocaching industry, and its financial results are consolidated in our financial statements. Business Overview Freeze Tag, Inc. is a creator of location-based, mobile social games that are fun and engaging for consumers and businesses. Based on a free-to-play business model that has propelled games built and marketed by some of our competitors to worldwide success, we employ state-of-the-art data analytics and proprietary technology to dynamically optimize the gaming experience for revenue generation. Players can download and enjoy our games for free, and, if they so choose, they can purchase virtual items and additional features within the game to increase the fun factor. Founded by gaming industry veterans, Freeze Tag has launched several successful games over the course of its history. Our current portfolio includes hits such as Munzee , a social platform with over 10 million locations worldwide and hundreds of thousands of players that blends gamification and geolocation into an experience that rewards players for going places in the physical world, WallaBee , an addictive collecting game with over 2,000 beautifully drawn digital cards, as well as many social mobile games that provide endless hours of family-friendly fun. We also offer our technology and services to third party businesses that want to leverage mobile gaming in their marketing and branding programs. For example, our Eventzee solution allows businesses to create private scavenger hunts in physical places such as malls, tradeshows, company events or campuses to create immersive brand experiences. Our mission is to design, develop and deliver innovative digital entertainment that surprises and delights. Our products bring families together by providing fun to kids of all ages. We also strive to create a workplace environment where creativity and fun can thrive in a demanding industry. 3 Table of Contents Throughout 2022, we made progress on several objectives including continued development of our Munzee product offering, the expansion of our Eventzee custom scavenger hunt platform, and the ongoing creation of a new location-based application. Munzee Development and Live Operations Munzee continues to be our flagship product. In 2022, several new features were added to our Munzee app including: - Introduced new Daily Activity Tracker that helps players keep up their streaks and rewards them for consecutive daily and monthly gameplay activity. - Introduced ability to create In-App Map Links, which allows players to share the location of a specific Munzee or anywhere on the map to ask for deploys, setup trades and more - Google Fit updates to allow players to continue to sync and track their walking activity - Added 5 new filter presets for Premium players to allow for more customization - Updated activity notifications to show how many CapOn points the player earned when other players capture their Munzees We also increased our marketing efforts and expanded to new user acquisition sources to help grow and expand our customer base across the world. Eventzee Development and Expanded Customer Base During 2022, we started the design and development process on a whole new admin interface for our Eventzee clients. When completed, our clients will have several new features and capabilities available to them including: - The ability to create their own events and experience Eventzee with a limited number of users before purchasing a full event package - Access to a library of hundreds of pre-made challenges that have been successfully implemented in dozens of Eventzee events - A new challenge type, which will bring the total to 8 challenge options, the most of any scavenger hunt app on the market - Two levels of admins authorization - And many more features requested by clients We plan on launching the new admin tool in Q2 of 2023. The Eventzee team also continued to add and service high profile clients such as the Monumental Sports, (owners of Capital One Arena, the Washington Wizards and Capitals pro sports teams), Baha Mar, a large luxury resort located in the Bahamas, and continuing clients DTLA (downtown Los Angeles BID) and Miami Zoo. New App for Painted Rocks Hobbyists For enthusiasts who paint and hide rocks for others to find, it is difficult to track the activity of your rock. Painted rock creators want to know who found their rocks, how they reacted when they found it, and whether they kept the rock or re-hid it for others to find. Our new Painted Rocks App (PRA) manages all these functions and more. The Painted Rocks App also offers a Rock Locator Map that players can use to find painted rocks hidden in the wild. We beta launched the Painted Rocks App in 2022 to build an organic audience and receive feedback on the app s features and benefits. In 2023, we are planning on continuing development to implement changes requested by early users and embark on an ad campaign to grow the PRA player base and formally launch the app. Our Goals for 2023 and Beyond As we look ahead to 2023, we plan to expand our topline revenue and profit. We plan to continue expanding our Munzee player base both in the United States and internationally. Our Munzee app development roadmap calls for adding features that will engage players of all ages and should help us expand our player base. In addition, our Eventzee app has shown consecutive year over year revenue growth. During 2023, we will add resources, both in terms of people and promotion, to the Eventzee platform to continue and accelerate the upward growth trajectory. 4 Table of Contents The market opportunity for Eventzee services is large with potential clients in a wide array of industries and applications, including cities, tourism centers, parks and zoos, educational institutions, brands and marketing organizations, companies looking for team building tools, and many more. For more information, we refer you to the Eventze e web site: www.eventzeeapp.com. Since our Painted Rocks App is just concluding its beta phase, 2023 is the year we plan to build an audience and engage with painted rocks enthusiasts across the world. Business Strategy In recent years, we have shifted our business strategy to focus our efforts on creating free-to-play (FTP) social games for the mobile market. We ve made this change because we believe that games that are social and mobile will provide the greatest revenue opportunities now and in the foreseeable future. This change in direction has not been an easy one as we ve had to deploy resources differently, learn new techniques, and experiment with new game designs and marketing processes. As we realize success with profitable free-to-play games like Munzee and WallaBee , we are realizing dividends from the many hours invested in learning, experimenting and testing FTP game mechanics and marketing techniques. We have also announced our intention to grow through acquisition. The merger with Munzee Inc. is evidence that we are making progress on our intention to grow the business through merging and/or acquiring other companies in our field. During 2022, we continued to focus a great deal of effort on building a successful multi-office and multi-state team, developing communications, reporting, and working relationships to integrate all of the Freeze Tag employees and contractors into a cohesive, thriving worldwide team, and we believe that we are seeing the benefits of those efforts. We still feel that the time is right to build an alliance of mobile game developers who can become stronger and more successful by working together to build a company that can leverage market intelligence, development expertise and cross-promotional opportunities to achieve great results for our customers and shareholders. During 2023 and beyond, we will continue to look for acquisition candidates and propose transactions in cases where it makes sense for both parties and will enhance the value of the company. In the event we do enter into any such transactions in the future, such transactions will likely be accomplished through the issuance of shares of our stock and/or in connection with a strategic financial investor, and not with cash directly from us unless and until our cash position improves. 5 Table of Contents Free-to-play Business Model The free-to-play business model for games was pioneered on the PC platform and has exploded globally on the mobile platform. The free-to-play model allows users to download and play an enjoyable, but limited, portion of a game for free. If the user wants to access premium features or special virtual items to increase the fun factor, then the user is required to pay, usually 0.99 per feature or item or 0.99 for a bundle of virtual items. For example, if a player has run out of lives or moves in a game, the player is given two options: 1) Wait for the lives to re-charge which involves waiting but no expense of money or virtual currency; 2) Spend money or virtual currency to buy additional lives and keep playing immediately. With the exception of the Eventzee platform, we adhere to the free-to-play business model in our currently live Freeze Tag games. In Munzee , players can purchase blast caps to capture virtual munzees deployed near them. WallaBee also offers players a chance to forage for honeycombs for free or they may be purchased as in-game items. In all cases, Munzee, WallaBee and some of our other games are games that players can and do play for free, yet by spending money on additional items, the gameplay experience is enhanced. Over the last several years, the free-to-play business model has proven to be a very successful model for mobile games. The revenue potential of a game largely depends on the fun-factor and popularity of the game and the game creator s proprietary techniques for encouraging the player to make a purchase decision without overly offending the player. The potential for rapidly spreading the game through social networks and small in-game purchases can add up to a very sizeable business opportunity, as evidenced by many mobile games generating millions and even billions of dollars based solely on an accumulation of players making many individual item purchases. Going forward, we plan on the majority of Freeze Tag s mobile games to be based on the free-to-play model. In addition, we believe that games are more fun with friends, so we connect our players with major social networks such as Facebook and Twitter to enhance the games addictiveness, enjoyment and world-of-mouth referrals. We also offer ways for players to communicate directly with each other in Munzee and WallaBee to enhance the feeling of community and comradery. In both Munzee and WallaBee mobile apps, there are certain aspects of gameplay that are more enjoyable when the experience is shared with other players. Since mobile app development technology is constantly changing and evolving, we review and research platforms, tools, techniques, and third-party SDK s on a routine basis to ensure we are in synch with the market. In executing our business model, we have derived the most benefit from employing proprietary game engine(s) built on commonly used technologies (like Cordova, HTML5, and others) because using our own tools and techniques allows us to be nimble and anticipate market changes. In the future, we plan to continue to employ our game engine(s). This approach allows us to find the best development teams, engineering teams, and partners to help us quickly deploy our games. The Freeze Tag Strategy In targeting the global market for mobile games, we are highly focused on developing mobile social games that are casual, fun and engaging for all ages and genders. The free-to-play business model combined with the use of best-in-class development environments and Analytics and Deployment tools, allows us to systematically launch, optimize and monetize our games. We design our games to be never ending entertainment that our users will enjoy playing and be willing to pay us 0.99 or more from time-to-time for special features and virtual items to keep having fun. We believe that the free-to-play model should not be run as a sprint but rather as a marathon. Over the span of several months, or even years, each game is continuously subject to this optimization process to increase user enjoyment and financial return to the company. Distribution and Marketing We market, sell and distribute our games primarily through direct-to-consumer digital storefronts, such as Apple s App Store, the Google Play Store and. We also sell to our players directly through our own web site http://www.freezetag.com and https://store.freezetag.com. We work with payment vendors like Shopify, Square and PayPal to process our online payments. In addition to publishing our smartphone games on direct-to-consumer digital storefronts, we also publish some of our titles on other platforms, such as the Facebook App Store, the Mac App Store and PC Download portals such as Big Fish Games and others. Our focus for growth is with the direct-to-consumer digital storefronts, and revenues for the other platforms (Facebook app store, Mac App Store, and PC Download portals) have diminished in recent years, as we have not focused on them. 6 Table of Contents User Acquisition In the free-to-play business model, a constant stream of new players is necessary to be successful. So, we have partnered with advertising networks and lead generation companies such as Facebook and Google to help us reach the appropriate audience for our products. We also employ data analytics to determine which creative messages and which lead referral sources are bringing in the most players who spend money in our games. To help reduce the cost of acquiring downloads, we have embedded social networking mechanisms into our games to enable our best customers to do the marketing for us. Every time a satisfied player invites her friend to play one of our games, we have been introduced to a new potential customer without incurring a cost to entice that player to download the game. We will continue to design methods to encourage our players to invite their friends and spread the word about our games. Each time a user downloads one of our games from a friend referral without a direct expense from us, our user acquisition cost is lower, and therefore our profitability is potentially higher. Technology and Tools Free-to-play Revenue Model The game industry, like many other forms of entertainment (music, TV, books, etc.) has undergone a major shift. The free-to-play business model has increased in appeal to game players of every genre and platform. Nowhere has this been felt more deeply than the mobile market. Free is a very powerful marketing approach that is irresistible to game players. The top grossing charts on popular mobile app stores like Apple, Google, and Amazon continually show that free games earn the most revenue for their developers. So, with all this free-ness, how does a game creator make any money? Optimizing Customer Lifetime Value The key business metric of any free-to-play game is the Customer Lifetime Value (CLV). A free-to-play gamer starts out as a zero-revenue customer, but he or she may become a paying customer throughout the customer s life of playing the game. The game creator s business is an ongoing engagement with the game players to get them to buy things in the game, without ruining the fun. Optimizing this delicate balance is where the most revenue can be extracted. This combination allows us to optimize the features of our games to refresh and update the content so that players are happily engaged and invite their friends to play with them. When players invite their friends, they lower our user acquisition costs. The longer and more often players come back to play, the more likely they are to spend money on virtual goods (through in-game purchases). The net result is a customer with a greater lifetime value. The happier customers are, the more they share with their friends and the more often they come back to spend money. Everything we do is geared to our players having more fun because ultimately customer fun translates into revenue. Data Analytics By using commercial and proprietary data analytics tools, we analyze various aspects of the game across the entire pool of players to determine what modifications can be made to the game, which allows us to: (1) make it more fun, and (2) induce a purchase. 7 Table of Contents Some of the analysis we perform regularly are: Analyze the number of users that complete the tutorial process Identify the Day 1, Day 7, and Day 30 retention metrics of how many players are returning to play Quantify the ARPDAU (average revenue per daily active user) to determine the monetization effectiveness of each game Determine the percentage of overall users that are converting to spenders Quantify the ARPPDAU (average revenue per paying daily active user) Determine what parts of the game users are playing most Identify where in the game users are dropping out, and find out why Average play time per day and per session Importance of social networks, like Facebook and Twitter, to the game and how many players login to social networks Identify what events most correlate with purchase events Identify how many invites a user is sending out, how long it takes them to send the first invite out, and how many of those players are coming in. Dynamic Game Engine(s) Over the years, we have developed proprietary dynamic game engine(s) (Freeze Tag Game Engine(s)) that allows us to make changes to game play and game economies on-the-fly, in most cases, without requiring the download of another update. We also integrate several business analytics packages, and other key game management tools into our games that provide us with real time data to measure detailed player behavior, and respond directly to that behavior. We continue to develop and enhance our own Game Engine(s) which use web-friendly technology that can be easily ported to the most popular mobile platforms, iOS and Android. As our games have become more sophisticated with the need for constant data connection and several points of data required to be associated with physical locations on a map, we have developed server-side tools to handle these requirements. Over the years, the Freeze Tag Game Engine(s) have allowed us the ability to port across multiple platforms using a single codebase. We continue to look to contract with outside teams and outside contractors, allowing us to maintain a smaller internal team. As we continue our development efforts, our approach is to review the technical requirements of the game we want to develop, then make a decision as to which Game Engine is the most appropriate to implement for that development effort, whether that be our own proprietary game engine based on web technologies or third-party platforms such as Unity 3D. As we make decisions about which Game Engine to employ, here are a few of the things that we look to have: A single codebase that can be easily ported to other platforms Ability to bolt on other technologies and codes to easily integrate with other SDK s, platforms and special needs Interface easily with scalable backend databases and architecture Easily localized into new languages Updates can be pushed to the game allowing us to change things like: o adding new characters o changing the values in the economy o updating text o messaging users (in game) about new features o instigating a social network-based contest 8 Table of Contents Integrated Feedback Mechanisms In addition, we aim to integrate feedback mechanisms into our games to provide incentive for our players to communicate their favorite features and any technical difficulties they may be experiencing. By combining dynamic gaming technology and data analytics into one integrated business process, we can optimize the fun factor for our players and maximize our revenue potential. Product Development We have learned that establishing and following a fairly rigid process is essential to producing commercially successful products, regardless of the platform. The process all begins with the creative development process. The chart below describes the approach we use to filter ideas and make final decisions on which games we will actually produce. After choosing the game that we will focus on, we write a detailed design document. A thorough design document ensures that all of those involved in the creation of the game have a common reference source throughout the production process. Also, critical to producing high quality games, a test plan accompanies every design document. Not only do we test for bugs, but also we test the game for usability. Since most casual gamers do not want to read instructions, it is critical that the finished game be easy to play by just tapping at objects on the screen. As a developer of mobile social games, we have developed expertise in three core aspects of game production. These core competencies help to give us a competitive advantage in the industry. They are listed below, with the resulting benefit also identified. 1. Create High Quality Products (including art and sound assets). Benefit: Provides high value to distribution partners and consumers, resulting in increased downloads and purchases. 9 Table of Contents 2. Maintain Flexible Engineering Tools and Processes. Benefit: Decreases time-to-market delivery of products. 3. Minimize Risk by doing the following: 1) selecting proven genres, 2) keeping development costs low, and 3) modifying designs on the fly based on consumer feedback. Benefit: Increases the number of games released per year and decreases reliance on any one title s success, ultimately improving return on investment for each game. Competition The business of mobile games is very competitive. New products are introduced frequently and the platforms and devices change rapidly. To be successful in this crowded marketplace, we have to entice consumers to play our games based on the quality and fun of the experience. Players evaluate our games based on the game play, graphics quality, the music and sound effects and the efficiency and clarity of our software engineering and user interface design. We compete with a continually increasing number of successful location-based mobile game companies, including Niantic (makers of Pokemon Go), Geocaching, and many others. In addition, given the open nature of the development and distribution for mobile devices, we also compete or will compete with a vast number of small companies and individuals who are able to create and launch games and other content for these devices using relatively limited resources and with relatively limited start-up time or expertise. Some of our competitors and our potential competitors have one or more advantages over us, either globally or in particular geographic markets, which include: significantly greater financial resources; greater experience with the free-to-play games and games-as-a-service (GAAS) business models and more effective game monetization; stronger brand and consumer recognition regionally or worldwide; greater experience and effectiveness integrating community features into their games and increasing the revenues derived from their users; larger installed customer bases from their existing mobile games; the capacity to leverage their marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of mobile and non-mobile products; larger installed customer bases from related platforms, such as console gaming or social networking websites, to which they can market and sell mobile games; more substantial intellectual property of their own from which they can develop games without having to pay royalties; better overall economies of scale; greater platform-specific focus, experience and expertise; and broader global distribution and presence. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property is an essential element of our business. We use a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property laws, confidentiality agreements and license agreements to protect our intellectual property. We have also registered a number of domain names, which we believe will be important to the branding and success of our games. Our employees and independent contractors are required to sign agreements acknowledging that all inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship, developments and other processes generated by them on our behalf are our property, and assigning to us any ownership that they may claim in those works. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use without consent intellectual property that we own or license. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights, may adversely affect our business. 10 Table of Contents We intend to register ownership of software copyrights in the United States as well as seek registration of various trademarks associated with the Company s name and mobile social games that we will develop. Wherever possible, we own registered trademark protection for properties we develop. As the digital markets evolve, there are and will continue to be many competitors who will imitate successful game properties. We are investing in trademark protection to create game brands and protect them. For example, we have received approval from the United States Patent and Trademark Office to register Unsolved Mystery , Unsolved Mystery Club , Ancient Astronauts , Victorian Mysteries , Grimm Reaper and Rocket Weasel for all gaming platforms. Munzee Inc. has previously received approval for the trademarks Munzee , Eventzee , and WallaBee . These marks will assist us in defending against copycats who may try to incorporate these terms into their game titles. From time to time, we may encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property. While we believe that our product and service offerings do not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, we cannot be assured that we will prevail in any intellectual property dispute. If we do not prevail in such disputes, we may lose some or all of our intellectual property protection, be enjoined from further sales of the applications determined to infringe the rights of others, and/or be forced to pay substantial royalties to a third party. Business Acquisitions In addition to our current operations, we propose to seek, investigate and, if warranted, acquire an interest in one or more businesses. The merger with Munzee Inc. is evidence of our pursuit of this strategy. We propose to investigate potential opportunities, particularly focusing upon existing privately held businesses whose owners are willing to consider merging their businesses into our company in order to establish a public trading market for their common stock, and whose managements are willing to operate the acquired businesses as divisions or subsidiaries of our company. The businesses we acquire may or may not need an injection of cash to facilitate their future operations. Presently, if we acquire any businesses, we envision such acquisition being completed either with our shares of our stock or with the assistance of a strategic funding partner. We currently do not have substantial funds, or a revenue stream, to make acquisitions utilizing cash. We are primarily interested in other technology opportunities, but we currently do not intend to restrict our search for investment opportunities to any particular industry or geographical location and may, therefore, engage in essentially any business. Our executive officers will review material furnished to them by the proposed merger or acquisition candidates and will ultimately decide if a merger or acquisition is in our best interests and the interests of our shareholders. We intend to source business opportunities through our officers and directors and their contacts. Those contacts include professional advisors such as attorneys and accountants, securities broker dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community, other businesses and others who may present solicited and unsolicited proposals. Management believes that business opportunities and ventures may become available to it due to a number of factors, including, among others: (1) management s willingness to consider a wide variety of businesses; (2) management s contacts and acquaintances; and (3) our flexibility with respect to the manner in which we may be able to structure, finance, merge with or acquire any business opportunity. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our executive officers and directors. Inasmuch as we will have limited funds available to search for business opportunities and ventures, we will not be able to expend significant funds on a complete and exhaustive investigation of such business or opportunity. We will, however, investigate, to the extent believed reasonable by our management, such potential business opportunities or ventures by conducting a so-called due diligence investigation . 11 Table of Contents In a so-called due diligence investigation, we intend to obtain and review materials regarding the business opportunity. Typically, such materials will include information regarding a target business products, services, contracts, management, ownership, and financial information. In addition, we intend to cause our officers or agents to meet personally with management and key personnel of target businesses, ask questions regarding our prospects, tour facilities, and conduct other reasonable investigation of the target business to the extent of our limited financial resources and management and technical expertise. Government Regulation Because of our development of Augmented Reality/Geolocation games, and the types of data that we collect in those games, we must be more mindful of government regulations regarding the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act or COPPA. To protect minors on the Internet (and now mobile devices), U.S. officials passed The Children s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Essentially, COPPA governs online data collection of people aged 13 and younger. The COPPA rules define privacy policy requirements, data collection parameters, and the process of acquiring verifiable parental consent. In the past, we have disclosed the information that we collect in Privacy Policies, but now need to focus on getting parental approval for certain types of applications as they relate to children under the age of 13. Our Employees We have 12 employees, with the majority of them based in either the Tustin, California area, or the McKinney, Texas area, with several in other remote locations throughout the world. Four of these are managers, one is administrative staff, and the remaining seven are artists, engineers, production staff, etc. We also work with several other independent contractors including artists, engineers, and designers, on an as-needed basis. Human Capital Resources As noted above, we only have a small number of employees. The remainder of our workforce is consultants due to the nature of our business. As it relates to our employees and the consultants that work with us: Oversight and Management Our executive officers are tasked with leading our organization in managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, talent management and development. We are committed to providing team members with the training and resources necessary to continually strengthen their skills. Our executive team is responsible for periodically reviewing team member programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices. Management periodically reports to the Board regarding our human capital measures and results that guide how we attract, retain and develop a workforce to enable our business strategies. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success, and we continue to monitor and improve the application of our hiring, retention, compensation and advancement processes for women and underrepresented populations across our workforce, including persons of color, veterans and LGBTQ to enhance our inclusive and diverse culture. We continue to invest in recruiting diverse talent. 12 Table of Contents Workplace Safety and Health A vital part of our business is providing our workforce with a safe, healthy and sustainable working environment. We focus on implementing change through workforce observation and feedback channels to recognize risk and continuously improve our processes. Importantly during 2020 and 2021, our focus on providing a positive work environment and on workplace safety enabled us to preserve business continuity without sacrificing our commitment to keeping our colleagues and workplace visitors safe during the COVID-19 pandemic. For instance, at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic we took immediate action to enact safety protocols in our facilities by improving sanitation measures, implementing mandatory social distancing, requiring the use of face coverings, reducing on-site workforce through staggered shifts and schedules, permitting remote working for most employees, and restricting visitor access to our locations. These actions helped minimize the impact of COVID-19 on our workforce. Description of Property In November of 2022, we closed our physical office space, and now maintain an executive office address in Tustin, California, at 360 E 1 st Street, #450, Tustin, CA 92780, at a rate of 120 per year. During 2022, we leased a production office in Texas located at 201 E. Virginia, Suite 8, McKinney, TX 75069. We were on a one-year lease at monthly lease payment of 600. This lease ended December 2022. Effective, January 15, 2023, we closed that facility. As a result, we began outsourcing our physical production. However, we still maintain an office mailing address in McKinney, Texas. Available Information We are a fully reporting issuer, subject to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Quarterly Reports, Annual Reports, and other filings can be obtained from the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission at http://www.sec.gov. Our Internet website address is http://www.freezetag.com/. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide a statement of risk factors. However, we believe this information may be valuable to our shareholders. We reserve the right to not provide risk factors in our future filings. We face risks in developing our games and products and eventually bringing them to market. The following risks are material risks that we face. If any of these risks occur, our business, our ability to achieve revenues, our operating results and our financial condition could be seriously harmed. Our primary risk factors and other considerations include: Risk Factors Related to the Business of the Company We have incurred losses from operations, and we may never generate substantial revenue or become profitable. We created net income of 200,701 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 284,565 and a total stockholders deficit of 65,122. We reported net cash provided by operating activities of 165,332 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management believes that by implementing cost reductions and continuing to grow our games and user base, operating cash flows will be sufficient to support our business plan. We will also continue to develop and launch new games to maximize revenues. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. Our ability to generate revenues from any of our games will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to satisfy consumer demand identify appropriate commercialization strategies, and successfully market and sell our games. Our ultimate success will depend on many factors, including factors outside of our control. We may never successfully commercialize or achieve and sustain market acceptance of any of our games, our game operations may not generate sufficient revenue to support our business, and we may never reach the level of sales and revenues necessary to achieve and sustain profitability. If we are unable to meet our future capital needs, we may be required to reduce or curtail operations. Since 2017, we have relied on cash flow from operations to fund operations. We have limited cash liquidity and capital resources. Our cash on hand as of December 31, 2022, was 741,163, and our projected monthly expenditures rate is approximately 175,000. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenues were 2,099,055. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our ability to market our products successfully, cash flow from operations, and competing market developments. Based on our current financial situation we may have difficulty continuing our operations at their current level, or at all, if we do not receive additional financing in the near future. Consequently, although we currently have no specific plans or arrangements for financing, we intend to raise funds through private placements, public offerings or other financings. Any equity financings would result in dilution to our then-existing stockholders. Sources of debt financing may result in higher interest expense. Any financing, if available, may be on unfavorable terms. If adequate funds are not obtained, we may be required to reduce or curtail operations. We anticipate that our existing capital resources will not be adequate to satisfy our operating expenses and capital requirements for any length of time. However, this estimate of expenses and capital requirements may prove to be inaccurate. Debt financing is difficult to obtain. Debt financing is difficult to obtain in the current credit markets. This difficulty may make future acquisitions either unlikely, or too difficult and expensive. This could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our common stock. Raising capital by borrowing could be risky. If we were to raise capital by borrowing to fund our operations or acquisitions, it could be risky. Borrowing through non-convertible instruments typically results in less dilution than in connection with equity financings, but it also would increase our risk, in that cash is required to service the debt, ongoing covenants are typically employed which can restrict the way in which we operate our business, and if the debt comes due either upon maturity or an event of default, we may lack the resources at that time to either pay off or refinance the debt, or if we are able to refinance, the refinancing may be on terms that are less favorable than those originally in place, and may require additional equity or quasi equity accommodations. These risks could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our common stock. Our financing decisions may be made without stockholder approval. Our financing decisions and related decisions regarding levels of debt, capitalization, distributions, acquisitions and other key operating parameters, are determined by our board of directors in its discretion, in many cases without any notice to or vote by our stockholders. This could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our common stock. 14 Table of Contents Our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. As a result of our financial condition, we have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm for our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 that includes an explanatory paragraph describing the uncertainty as to our ability to continue as a going concern. In order to continue as a going concern, we must effectively balance many factors and increase our revenues to a point where we can better fund our operations from our sales and revenues. If we are not able to do this, we may not be able to continue as an operating company. Because we face intense competition, we may not be able to operate profitably in our markets. The market for casual games is highly competitive and is becoming more so, which could hinder our ability to successfully market our products. We may not have the resources, expertise or other competitive factors to compete successfully in the future. We expect to face additional competition from existing competitors and new market entrants in the future. Many of our competitors have greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. As a result, these competitors may be able to: develop and expand their product offerings more rapidly; adapt to new or emerging changes in customer requirements more quickly; take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily; and devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. If we are unable to maintain brand image or product quality, our business may suffer. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and build brand image for our existing products, new products and brand extensions. We have no assurance that our advertising, marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our products brand image and on consumer preferences. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key management, including primarily Robert Vardeman, Jr., Craig Holland and Mick Donahoo, technical experts, and sales and marketing personnel. We attempt to enhance our management and technical expertise by recruiting qualified individuals who possess desired skills and experience in certain targeted areas. Our inability to retain employees and attract and retain sufficient additional employees, and information technology, engineering and technical support resources, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The loss of key personnel could limit our ability to develop and market our products. Because our officers and directors control our common stock vote, they have the ability to influence matters affecting our shareholders. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 75,056,123 outstanding shares of Common Stock, no outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ), 2,480,482 shares of Series B Preferred Stock Series B Preferred ), and 4,355,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock Series C Preferred ). Our officers and directors own a significant portion of our outstanding voting rights on any matters that may be brought before our shareholders for a vote. As a result, they have the ability to influence matters affecting our shareholders, including the election of our directors, the acquisition or disposition of our assets, and the future issuance of our shares. Because they control such shares, investors may find it difficult to replace our management if they disagree with the way our business is being operated. Because the influence by these insiders could result in management making decisions that are in the best interest of those insiders and not in the best interest of the investors, you may lose some or all of the value of your investment in our common stock. 15 Table of Contents Our business may be negatively impacted by a slowing economy or by unfavorable economic conditions or developments in the United States and/or in other countries in which we operate. A general slowdown in the economy in the United States or unfavorable economic conditions or other developments may result in decreased consumer demand, business disruption, foreign currency devaluation, inflation or deflation. A slowdown in the economy or unstable economic conditions in the United States or in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse impact on our business results or financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic caused more people to stay at home and/or work remotely from home, which may adversely impact our geolocation games, since such games require users to be outdoors and visiting various locations. Some of our most successful games are geolocation games, in which the user plays the game while exploring outdoors with certain aspects of the outdoors augmented with gameplay features. With many people staying at home more and/or working remotely from home since the coronavirus, some of our users do not go outside as much, and, as a result, do not play our geolocation games as much. As a result, users may not purchase the in-game additions, which could cause us to experience decreased revenue. Additionally, for some of our games, we host events for our users to attend and play the game together and receive certain promotional items. If more people continue to stay at home more we will continue to have decreased attendance at our events, which could cause us to have less downloads of our games, as well less in-game purchases. We may not be able to effectively manage our growth and operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business . We may experience rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time by aggressively marketing our casual games. The management of this growth will require, among other things, continued development of our financial and management controls and management information systems, stringent control of costs, increased marketing activities, the ability to attract and retain qualified management personnel and the training of new personnel. We intend to hire additional personnel in order to manage our expected growth and expansion. Failure to successfully manage our possible growth and development could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock. Failure to obtain required licenses could harm our business. Some of our game products may be based on or incorporate intellectual properties that we license from third parties. If we are unable to obtain or renew these licenses on terms favorable to us, or at all, and we may be unable to secure alternatives in a timely manner. We expect that licenses we obtain in the future may impose development, distribution and marketing obligations on us. If we breach our obligations, our licensors may have the right to terminate the license or change an exclusive license to a non-exclusive license. Competition for licenses may also increase the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to the licensor, which could significantly increase our costs. Failure to maintain our existing licenses or obtain additional licenses with significant commercial value could impair our ability to introduce new applications or continue our current game products and applications, which could materially harm our business. 16 Table of Contents If we fail to develop and introduce new casual games and other applications that achieve market acceptance, our sales could suffer. Our business depends on providing casual games and applications that consumers initially want to download to their devices and then make subsequent in-game purchases. We must invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our offering of casual games and other applications and introduce new games and other applications. Our operating results would suffer if our games and other applications are not responsive to the preferences of our customers or are not effectively brought to market. The planned timing or introduction of new casual games is subject to risks and uncertainties. Unexpected technical, operational, deployment, distribution or other problems could delay or prevent the introduction of new casual games, which could result in a loss of, or delay in, revenues or damage to our reputation and brand. If any of our applications is introduced with defects, errors or failures, we could experience decreased sales, loss of customers and damage to our reputation and brand. In addition, new applications may not achieve sufficient market acceptance to offset the costs of development. Our success depends, in part, on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control, including customer preferences, competing applications and the availability of other entertainment activities. A shift in Internet or mobile device usage or the entertainment preferences of our customers could cause a decline in our applications popularity that could materially reduce our revenues and harm our business. We intend to continuously develop and introduce new games and new game mechanics and features in our existing games, and other applications for use on next-generation Internet and mobile devices. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the anticipated introduction of new mobile devices. New mobile devices for which we will develop applications may be delayed, may not be commercially successful, may have a shorter life cycle than anticipated or may not be adequately promoted by wireless carriers or the manufacturer. If the mobile devices for which we are developing games and other applications are not released when expected or do not achieve broad market penetration, our potential revenues will be limited and our business will suffer. If our independent, third-party developers cease development of new applications for us and we are unable to find comparable replacements, our competitive position may be adversely impacted. We rely on independent third-party developers to develop some of our game products which subjects us to the following risks: key developers who work for us may choose to work for or be acquired by our competitors; developers currently under contract may try to renegotiate our agreements with them on terms less favorable to us; and our developers may be unable or unwilling to allocate sufficient resources to complete our applications on a timely or satisfactory basis or at all. If our developers terminate their relationships with us or negotiate agreements with terms less favorable to us, we may have to increase our internal development staff, which would be a time consuming and potentially costly process. If we are unable to increase our internal development staff in a cost-effective manner or if our current internal development staff fails to create successful applications, our earnings could be materially diminished. In addition, although we require our third-party developers to sign agreements acknowledging that all inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship, development and other processes generated by them are our property and to assign to us any ownership they may have in those works, it may still be possible for third parties to obtain and use our intellectual properties without our consent. 17 Table of Contents Our industry is experiencing consolidation that may cause us to lose key relationships and intensify competition. The Internet and media distribution industries are undergoing substantial change, which has resulted in increasing consolidation and formation of strategic relationships. We expect this consolidation and strategic partnering to continue. Acquisitions or other consolidating transactions could harm us in a number of ways, including: we could lose strategic relationships if our strategic partners are acquired by or enter into relationships with a competitor (which could cause us to lose access to distribution, content, technology and other resources); we could lose customers if competitors or users of competing technologies consolidate with our current or potential customers; and our current competitors could become stronger, or new competitors could form, from consolidations. Any of these events could put us at a competitive disadvantage, which could cause us to lose customers, revenue and market share. Consolidation could also force us to expend greater resources to meet new or additional competitive threats, which could also harm our operating results. We rely on the continued reliable operation of third parties systems and networks and, if these systems and networks fail to operate or operate poorly, our business and operating results will be harmed. Our operations are in part dependent upon the continued reliable operation of the information systems and networks of third parties. If these third parties do not provide reliable operation, our ability to service our customers will be impaired and our business, reputation and operating results could be harmed. The Internet and our network are subject to security risks that could harm our business and reputation and expose us to litigation or liability. Online commerce and communications depend on the ability to transmit confidential information and licensed intellectual property securely over private and public networks. Any compromise of our ability to transmit and store such information and data securely, and any costs associated with preventing or eliminating such problems, could damage our business, hurt our ability to distribute products and services and collect revenue, threaten the proprietary or confidential nature of our technology, harm our reputation, and expose us to litigation or liability. We also may be required to expend significant capital or other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or hacker attacks or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches or attacks. Any successful attack or breach of our security could hurt consumer demand for our products and services, expose us to consumer class action lawsuits and harm our business. We may be unable to adequately protect our proprietary rights. Our ability to compete partly depends on the superiority, uniqueness and value of our intellectual property and technology, including both internally developed technology and technology licensed from third parties. To the extent we are able to do so, in order to protect our proprietary rights, we will rely on a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties, and protective contractual provisions and licensing agreement. Despite these efforts, any of the following occurrences may reduce the value of our intellectual property: Our applications for trademarks and copyrights relating to our business may not be granted and, if granted, may be challenged or invalidated; Issued trademarks and registered copyrights may not provide us with any competitive advantages; Our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of our technology; Our efforts may not prevent the development and design by others of products or technologies similar to or competitive with, or superior to those we develop; Another party may obtain a blocking patent and we would need to either obtain a license or design around the patent in order to continue to offer the contested feature or service in our products; or We may not be able to afford to pay the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights. 18 Table of Contents We may be forced to litigate to defend our intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against us relating to intellectual property rights. We may be forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of other parties proprietary rights. Any such litigation could be very costly and could distract our management from focusing on operating our business. The existence and/or outcome of any such litigation could harm our business. Interpretation of existing laws that did not originally contemplate the Internet could harm our business and operating results. The application of existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, copyright and other intellectual property issues to the Internet is not clear. Many of these laws were adopted before the advent of the Internet and do not address the unique issues associated with the Internet and related technologies. In many cases, the relationship of these laws to the Internet has not yet been interpreted. New interpretations of existing laws may increase our costs, require us to change business practices or otherwise harm our business. It is not yet clear how laws designed to protect children that use the Internet may be interpreted, and such laws may apply to our business in ways that may harm our business. The Child Online Protection Act and the Child Online Privacy Protection Act impose civil and criminal penalties on persons distributing material harmful to minors (e.g., obscene material) over the Internet to persons under the age of 17, or collecting personal information from children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly distribute harmful materials to minors or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. The COPPA rules define privacy policy requirements, data collection parameters, and the process of acquiring verifiable parental consent. In the past, we have disclosed the information that we collect in Privacy Policies, but now need to focus on getting parental approval for certain types of applications as they relate to children under the age of 13. Although we have verification procedures in place to ensure we do not violate COPPA, in the event those safeguards fail, we could be subject to fines and/or lawsuits, and harm our business in other ways. We may be subject to market risk and legal liability in connection with the data collection capabilities of our products and services. Many of our products are interactive Internet applications that by their very nature require communication between a client and server to operate. To provide better consumer experiences and to operate effectively, our products send information to our servers. Many of the services we provide also require that a user provide certain information to us. We post an extensive privacy policy concerning the collection, use and disclosure of user data involved in interactions between our client and server products. Our planned venture into augmented reality and geolocation games could subject us to greater liability risks from our users and third parties. As noted herein, we are currently planning to develop a number of augmented reality and geolocation games. Such games place characters on a user s mobile device in real world surroundings and have the user interacting with the game while on the move in real life. Augmented reality games developed by some of our competitors have led users into situations that may not be ideal for the user, such as near roads, bodies of water and/or possibly on private property. Although we will use our best efforts to develop our games to minimize locations that could be dangerous for our users, there is a chance that they could wander into a dangerous situation or onto a third parties private property, potentially harming themselves or others. Although we will have appropriate disclaimers and disclosures on our games, any such harmful events could expose us to potential lawsuits and/or liability. 19 Table of Contents Risk Factors Relating to Future Acquisitions We may not be able to identify, negotiate, finance or close future acquisitions. A significant component of our growth strategy focuses on acquiring additional companies or assets. We may not, however, be able to identify, audit, or acquire companies or assets on acceptable terms, if at all. Additionally, we may need to finance all or a portion of the purchase price for an acquisition by incurring indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on terms that are favorable, if at all, which will limit our ability to acquire additional companies or assets in the future. Failure to acquire additional companies or assets on acceptable terms, if at all, would have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase assets, revenues and net income and on the trading price of our common Stock. We may acquire businesses without any apparent synergies with our casual games related operations. In an effort to diversify our sources of revenue and profits, we may decide to acquire businesses without any apparent synergies with our casual games related operations. For example, we believe that the acquisition of technologies unrelated to games and leisure may be an important way for us to enhance our stockholder value. Notwithstanding the critical importance of diversification, some members of the investment community and research analysts would prefer that micro-cap or small-cap companies restrict the scope of their activity to a single line of business, and may not be willing to make an investment in, or recommend an investment in, a micro-cap or small-cap company that undertakes multiple lines of business. This situation could materially adversely impact our company and the trading price of our stock. We may not be able to properly manage multiple businesses. We may not be able to properly manage multiple businesses. Managing multiple businesses would be more complicated than managing a single line of business, and would require that we hire and manage executives with experience and expertise in different fields. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully. A failure to properly manage multiple businesses could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our stock. We may not be able to successfully integrate new acquisitions. Even if we are able to acquire additional companies or assets, we may not be able to successfully integrate those companies or assets. For example, we may need to integrate widely dispersed operations with different corporate cultures, operating margins, competitive environments, computer systems, compensation schemes, business plans and growth potential requiring significant management time and attention. In addition, the successful integration of any companies we acquire will depend in large part on the retention of personnel critical to our combined business operations due to, for example, unique technical skills or management expertise. We may be unable to retain existing management, finance, engineering, sales, customer support, and operations personnel that are critical to the success of the integrated company, resulting in disruption of operations, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs, and otherwise diminishing anticipated benefits of these acquisitions, including loss of revenue and profitability. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our company and the trading price of our stock. 20 Table of Contents Our acquisitions of businesses may be extremely risky and we could lose all of our investments. We may invest in software companies, other technology businesses, or other risky industries. An investment in these companies may be extremely risky because, among other things, the companies we are likely to focus on: (1) typically have limited operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; (2) tend to be privately-owned and generally have little publicly available information and, as a result, we may not learn all of the material information we need to know regarding these businesses; (3) are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of people; and, as a result, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these people could have an adverse impact on the operations of any business that we may acquire; (4) may have less predictable operating results; (5) may from time to time be parties to litigation; (6) may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence; and (7) may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position. Our failure to make acquisitions efficiently and profitably could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of our stock. Future acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. Future acquisitions may fail to perform as expected. We may overestimate cash flow, underestimate costs, or fail to understand risks. This could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our Stock. Competition may result in overpaying for acquisitions. Other investors with significant capital may compete with us for attractive investment opportunities. These competitors may include publicly traded companies, private equity firms, privately held buyers, individual investors, and other types of investors. Such competition may increase the price of acquisitions, or otherwise adversely affect the terms and conditions of acquisitions. This could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our stock. We may have insufficient resources to cover our operating expenses and the expenses of raising money and consummating acquisitions. We have limited cash to cover our operating expenses and to cover the expenses incurred in connection with money raising and a business combination. It is possible that we could incur substantial costs in connection with money raising or a business combination. If we do not have sufficient proceeds available to cover our expenses, we may be forced to obtain additional financing, either from our management or third parties. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, and neither our management nor any third party is obligated to provide any financing. This could have a negative impact on our company and our stock price. The nature of our proposed future operations is speculative and will depend to a great extent on the businesses which we acquire. While management typically intends to seek a merger or acquisition of privately held entities with established operating histories, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in locating an acquisition candidate meeting such criteria. In the event we complete a merger or acquisition transaction, of which there can be no assurance, our success if any will be dependent upon the operations, financial condition and management of the acquired company, and upon numerous other factors beyond our control. If the operations, financial condition or management of the acquired company were to be disrupted or otherwise negatively impacted following an acquisition, our company and our stock price would be negatively impacted. 21 Table of Contents We may make actions that will not require our stockholders approval. The terms and conditions of any acquisition could require us to take actions that would not require stockholder approval. In order to acquire certain companies or assets, we may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock, borrow money or issue debt instruments including debt convertible into capital stock. Not all of these actions would require our stockholders approval even if these actions dilute our shareholders economic or voting interest. Our investigation of potential acquisitions will be limited. Our analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our executive officers and directors. Inasmuch as we will have limited funds available to search for business opportunities and ventures, we will not be able to expend significant funds on a complete and exhaustive investigation of such business or opportunity. We will, however, investigate, to the extent believed reasonable by our management, such potential business opportunities or ventures by conducting a so-called due diligence investigation. In a so-called due diligence investigation, we intend to obtain and review materials regarding the business opportunity. Typically, such materials will include information regarding a target business products, services, contracts, management, ownership, and financial information. In addition, we intend to cause our officers or agents to meet personally with management and key personnel of target businesses, ask questions regarding the company s prospects, tour facilities, and conduct other reasonable investigation of the target business to the extent of our limited financial resources and management and technical expertise. Any failure of our typical due diligence investigation to uncover issues and problems relating to potential acquisition candidates could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our stock. We will have only a limited ability to evaluate the directors and management of potential acquisitions. We may make a determination that our current directors and officers should not remain, or should reduce their roles, following money raising or a business combination, based on an assessment of the experience and skill sets of new directors and officers and the management of target businesses. We cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. This could have a negative impact on our company and our stock price. We will be dependent on outside advisors to assist us. In order to supplement the business experience of management, we may employ accountants, technical experts, appraisers, attorneys or other consultants or advisors. The selection of any such advisors will be made by management and without any control from shareholders. Additionally, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged by us on an independent basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us. We may be unable to protect or enforce the intellectual property rights of any target business that we acquire or the target business may become subject to claims of intellectual property infringement. After completing a business combination, the procurement and protection of trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, and trade secrets may be critical to our success. We will likely rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to protect any proprietary technology and rights that we may acquire. Despite our efforts to protect those proprietary technology and rights, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of those proprietary rights or deter independent development of technologies that compete with the business we acquire. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. It is also possible that third parties may claim we have infringed their patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights. Claims or litigation, with or without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversions of resources, either of which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position and business. Further, depending on the target business or businesses that we acquire, it is likely that we will have to protect trademarks, patents, and domain names in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful in every location. These factors could negatively impact our company and the trading price of our stock. 22 Table of Contents Integrating acquired businesses may divert our management s attention away from our day-to-day operations and harm our business. Acquisitions generally involve significant risks, including the risk of overvaluation of potential acquisitions and risks in regard to the assimilation of personnel, operations, products, services, technologies, and corporate culture of acquired companies. Dealing with these risks may place a significant burden on our management and other internal resources. This could materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our stock. We may fail to manage our growth effectively. Future growth through acquisitions and organic expansion would place a significant strain on our managerial, operational, technical, training, systems and financial resources. We can give you no assurance that we will be able to manage our expanding operations properly or cost effectively. A failure to properly and cost-effectively manage our expansion could materially adversely affect our company and the trading price of our stock. The management of companies we acquire may lose their enthusiasm or entrepreneurship after the sale of their businesses. We can give no assurance that the management of future companies we acquire will have the same level of enthusiasm for the operation of their businesses following their acquisition by us, or if they cease performing services for the acquired businesses that we will be able to install replacement management with the same skill sets and determination. There also is always a risk that management will attempt to reenter the market and possibly seek to recruit some of the former employees of the business, who may continue to be key employees of ours. This could materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our stock. If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. We believe we will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act insofar as we will not be engaged in the business of investing or trading in securities. However, in the event that we engage in business combinations which result in us holding passive investment interests in a number of entities, we may become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. In such event, we may be required to register as an investment company and may incur significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal determination from the government as to our status under the Investment Company Act, and consequently, any violation of such Act might subject us to material adverse consequences. Risks Related To Our Common Stock There is a limited public trading market for our common stock, which may impede our shareholders ability to sell our shares . Currently, there is a limited trading market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that a more robust market will be achieved in the future. There can be no assurance that an investor will be able to liquidate his or her investment without considerable delay, if at all. If the trading market for our common stock does increase, the price may be highly volatile. Factors discussed herein may have a significant impact on the market price of our shares. Moreover, due to the relatively low price of our securities, many brokerage firms may not affect transactions in our common stock if a market is established. Rules enacted by the SEC increase the likelihood that most brokerage firms will not participate in a potential future market for our common stock. Those rules require, as a condition to brokers effecting transactions in certain defined securities (unless such transaction is subject to one or more exemptions), that the broker obtain from its customer or client a written representation concerning the customer s financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these procedures tends to discourage most brokerage firms from participating in the market for certain low-priced securities. 23 Table of Contents If we are unable to pay the costs associated with being a public, reporting company, we may not be able to continue trading on the OTC Markets and/or we may be forced to discontinue operations. We have significant costs associated with being a public, reporting company, which adds to the substantial doubt about our ability to continue trading on the OTC Markets and/or continue as a going concern. These costs include compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are difficult given the limited size of our management, and we have to rely on outside consultants. Accounting controls, in particular, are difficult and can be expensive to comply with. Our ability to continue trading on the OTC Markets and/or continue as a going concern will depend on positive cash flow, if any, from future operations and on our ability to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. If we are unable to achieve the necessary product sales or raise or obtain needed funding to cover the costs of operating as a public, reporting company, our common stock may be deleted from the OTC Markets and/or we may be forced to discontinue operations. We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not plan on making any cash distributions in the manner of a dividend or otherwise. Our Board presently intends to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any. We have the right to issue additional shares of common stock and preferred stock without consent of stockholders. This would have the effect of diluting investors ownership and could decrease the value of their investment. We have additional authorized, but unissued shares of our common stock that may be issued by us for any purpose without the consent or vote of our stockholders that would dilute stockholders percentage ownership of our company. In addition, our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of preferred stock, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of which may be set by the Board of Directors. Our certificate of incorporation has authorized issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in the discretion of our Board. The shares of authorized but undesignated preferred stock may be issued upon filing of an amended certificate of incorporation and the payment of required fees; no further stockholder action is required. In addition, other shares of preferred stock could be designated and, if issued, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of such preferred stock would be set by our Board and could operate to the disadvantage of the outstanding common stock. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends, voting, and distributions on liquidation. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we have 2,480,482 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock outstanding, which are convertible into an aggregate of 124,024,100 shares of our common stock. In the event the holder(s) convert such shares of preferred stock into common stock significant dilution could occur to the other holders of our common stock and could significantly decrease the value of our common stock. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we have 2,480,482 shares of our Series B preferred stock outstanding, which are convertible into an aggregate of 124,024,100 shares of our common stock. Although under the terms of the agreements with the holders of our Series B preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of their shares of preferred stock cannot exceed an amount that would cause the beneficial ownership of the holder and its affiliates to own more than 4.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock, the issuance of almost 5 of our outstanding common stock in a short period time, possibly happening multiple times, would cause substantial dilution to our shareholders. In the event the holder(s) of such preferred stock convert shares of their preferred stock into common stock significant dilution could occur to the other holders of our common stock and could significantly decrease the value of our common stock. We also have 4,355,000 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock outstanding which is convertible into 217,750,000 shares of our common stock. 24 Table of Contents Sales of our stock could cause the trading price of our stock to fall. Sellers of our stock might include convertible debt securities as discussed above, our existing stockholders who have held our stock for years, persons and entities who acquire our stock as consideration for services they provide to our company, or our directors, officers or employees who might receive and then exercise stock options and simultaneously sell our stock. Since the trading volume of our stock is typically very low, any sales or attempts to sell our stock, or the perception that sales or attempts to sell our stock could occur, could adversely affect the trading price of our stock. Our common stock is governed under The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990. The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Such exceptions include any equity security listed on NASDAQ and any equity security issued by an issuer that has (i) net tangible assets of at least 2,000,000, if such issuer has been in continuous operation for three years, (ii) net tangible assets of at least 5,000,000, if such issuer has been in continuous operation for less than three years, or (iii) average annual revenue of at least 6,000,000, if such issuer has been in continuous operation for less than three years. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. ITEM 1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS This Item is not applicable to us as we are not an accelerated filer, a large accelerated filer, or a well-seasoned issuer; however, we have not received written comments from the Commission staff regarding our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within the last 180 days before the end of our last fiscal year. ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES In November of 2022, we closed our physical office space, and now maintain an executive office address in Tustin, California, at 360 E 1 st Street, #450, Tustin, CA 92780, at a rate of 120 per year. During 2022, we leased a production office in Texas located at 201 E. Virginia, Suite 8, McKinney, TX 75069. We were on a one-year lease at monthly lease payment of 600. This lease ended December 2022. Effective, January 15, 2023, we closed that facility. As a result, we began outsourcing our physical production. However, we still maintain an office mailing address in McKinney, Texas. ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not a party to or otherwise involved in any legal proceedings. In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The litigation process is inherently uncertain and it is possible that the resolution of such matters might have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition and/or results of operations. However, in the opinion of our management, other than as set forth herein, matters currently pending or threatened against us are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES There is no information required to be disclosed by this Item. 25 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is quoted for trading on the OTC Markets / OTC Pink tier. Our current trading symbol is FRZT. Since our stock has been quoted, there has been limited volume. The following table sets forth the high and low bid information for each quarter within the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Fiscal Year Ended Bid Prices December 31, Period High Low 2021 First Quarter 0.08 0.01 Second Quarter 0.05 0.01 Third Quarter 0.04 0.01 Fourth Quarter 0.05 0.01 2022 First Quarter 0.04 0.02 Second Quarter 0.04 0.02 Third Quarter 0.02 0.01 Fourth Quarter 0.03 0.02 The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a few exceptions which we do not meet. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 75,056,123 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately 128 holders of record of our common stock. Aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022: 633,063 based on the closing price of 0.020 of our common stock on June 30, 2022 of our common stock. The voting stock held by non-affiliates on that date consisted of 31,653,123 shares of common stock. 26 Table of Contents Dividends We have not declared or paid a cash dividend on our capital stock in our last two fiscal years and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain our earnings, if any, for use in our business. Any dividends declared in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to any restrictions that may be imposed by our lenders. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans There are currently options outstanding, to purchase 7,762,821 shares of our common stock. Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan On December 4, 2017, our Board of Directors approved the Freeze Tag, Inc. 2017 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, our Board of Directors may issue options to purchase up to an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of common stock to individuals, including, but not limited to, our Board of Directors and/or our executive management. On December 5, 2017, our Board of Directors granted options to purchase a total of 1,512,821 shares of our common stock. On December 18, 2019, our Board of Directors granted additional options to purchase 6,250,000 shares of our common stock. 3,750,000 options to purchase stock were issued to Mick Donahoo, our CFO, at an exercise price of .02 with a ten-year expiration. The remaining 2,500,000 shares were issued to employees or independent consultants at an exercise price of 0.2 with a ten-year expiration. The issuances were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, since the recipients are our executive management team, employees, or independent consultants, and they are either accredited or sophisticated investors, and familiar with our operations. On March 20, 2006, our Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Freeze Tag, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan (the 2006 Plan ). The 2006 Plan terminated during the year ended December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2022, there were no options outstanding to purchase shares of common stock, and no shares of common stock had been issued pursuant to stock purchase rights under the 2006 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we had the following options outstanding: Plan Category Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2006 plan) - - - Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (2017 plan) 7,762,821 0.024 2,237,179 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders - - - Total 7,762,821 0.024 2,237,179 27 Table of Contents Recent Issuance of Unregistered Securities We issued no unregistered securities during the three months ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freeze Tag, Inc. Freeze Tag or the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains forward-looking statements, principally in this Section and Business. Generally, you can identify these statements because they use words like anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, plans, and similar terms. These statements reflect only our current expectations. Although we do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy and actual results may differ materially from those we anticipated due to a number of uncertainties, many of which are unforeseen, including, among others, the risks we face as described in this filing. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements that, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties. In any forward-looking statement where we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation of belief will be accomplished. We believe it is important to communicate our expectations to our investors. There may be events in the future; however, that we are unable to predict accurately or over which we have no control. The risk factors listed in this filing, as well as any cautionary language in this annual report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated, include, but are not limited to: distributors not accepting our games; price reductions; unforeseen delays in game production; changes in product strategies; general economic, financial and business conditions; changes in and compliance with governmental regulations; changes in various tax laws; and the availability of key management and other personnel. As noted in our risk factors, we are also closely monitoring the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our business, as well as its effects on general market and economic conditions. Summary Overview Freeze Tag, Inc. is a creator of location-based, mobile social games that are fun and engaging for consumers and businesses. Based on a free-to-play business model that has propelled games built and marketed by some of our competitors to worldwide success, we employ state-of-the-art data analytics and proprietary technology to dynamically optimize the gaming experience for revenue generation. Players can download and enjoy our games for free, and, if they so choose, they can purchase virtual items and additional features within the game to increase the fun factor. 28 Table of Contents In October 2017, Rob Vardeman, former President of Munzee Inc. joined gaming industry veterans, Craig Holland and Mick Donahoo, to form a stronger and well-rounded Freeze Tag team through a merger. In addition to successful games Freeze Tag has launched previously, the current portfolio of games includes hits such as Munzee, a real-world gaming adventure and social platform with over 8 million locations worldwide and hundreds of thousands of players, WallaBee, an addictive collecting game with over 2,000 beautifully drawn digital cards. We also offer our technology and services to businesses that want to leverage our expertise in location-based mobile gaming in their marketing and branding programs. For example, our Eventzee solution allows businesses to create private scavenger hunts in physical places such as malls, tradeshows, company events or campuses to create immersive brand experiences. We are closely monitoring the coronavirus pandemic and the directives from federal and local authorities regarding not only our workforce, but how it impacts both the companies we work with for the development of our games and apps, and our users. We believe these social distancing and stay-at-home regulations may negatively impact our users and their ability to play our geolocation games for the foreseeable future. The extent and duration of this impact is difficult to predict at this time. Central to Freeze Tag s core strategy is capitalizing on fast-growing trends in the mobile applications world, including geofencing and location-based advertising. We plan to leverage the combined company s proprietary technology and expertise to create more exciting location-based experiences in our games. Throughout 2023, we plan to continue to explore opportunities to incorporate geofencing into our applications, and then, when the time is right, we will examine opportunities to introduce advertising opportunities to Freeze Tag clients and customers. In the quarter ended March 31, 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Space Coast Geo Store, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, began selling merchandise to the geocaching industry. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs, expenses and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are often based on historical experience and judgments that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time made. However, all such estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and actual results may differ. For further information on our significant accounting policies see Note 2 to our financial statements included in this filing. The following is a summary of our critical accounting policies that involve estimates and management s judgment. Revenue Recognition The Company s revenues are derived primarily by licensing software products in the form of mobile games for smartphone and tablet platforms. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; identification of the performance obligations in the contract; determination of the transaction price; allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 29 Table of Contents Allowances for Sales Returns and Doubtful Accounts The allowance for sales returns is based on the Company s estimates of potential future product returns and other allowances related to current period product revenue. The Company analyzes historical returns, current economic trends and changes in customer demand and acceptance of the Company s products. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts and the aging of the related invoices, and represents the Company s best estimate of probable credit losses in its existing trade accounts receivable. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, the age of the accounts receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay. We determined that no allowances for sales returns and doubtful accounts were required at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Intangible Assets Intangible assets consist primarily of intellectual property, customer base and non-compete agreements acquired in 2017, which are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 years. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the expected undiscounted cash flows of the asset, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value. The testing of these intangibles under established guidelines for impairment requires significant use of judgment and assumptions. Changes in forecasted operations and other assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair values. Changes in business conditions could potentially require adjustments to these asset valuations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reviewed the intangible assets and determined that no impairment was required. Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC Topic 718-10, Compensation-Stock Compensation and ASC Subtopic 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. Stock-based compensation expense recognized during the requisite services period is based on the value of share-based payment awards after reduction for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and are revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Software Development Costs Software development costs include direct costs incurred for internally developed products and payments made to independent software developers and/or contract engineers and artists. The Company accounts for software development costs in accordance with the FASB guidance for the costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed as found in ASC Subtopic 985-20. On a case-by-case basis, certain software development costs are capitalized once the technological feasibility of a product is established and such costs are determined to be recoverable. Technological feasibility of a product encompasses both technical design documentation and game design documentation, or the completed and tested product design and working model. Software development costs are capitalized once technological feasibility of a product is established and such costs are determined to be recoverable against future revenues. For products where proven game engine technology exists, this may occur early in the development cycle. Significant management judgments and estimates are utilized in the assessment of when technological feasibility is established. For most products, technological feasibility is established when a detailed game design document containing sufficient technical specifications written for a proven game engine or framework technology had been created and approved by management. However, technological feasibility is evaluated on a product-by-product basis. Amounts related to software development that are not capitalized are charged immediately to the appropriate expense account. Amounts that were considered research and development that are not capitalized are immediately charged to general and administrative expense. 30 Table of Contents Prior to a product s release, the Company expenses, as part of Cost of Sales Product Development, capitalized costs when the Company believes such amounts are not recoverable. Capitalized costs for those products that are cancelled or abandoned are charged to product development expense in the period of cancellation. Commencing upon product release, capitalized software development costs are amortized to Cost of Sales Product Development based on the straight-line method. The Company evaluates the future recoverability of capitalized software development costs and intellectual property licenses on an annual basis. For products that have been released in prior years, the primary evaluation criterion is actual title performance. For products that are scheduled to be released in future years, recoverability is evaluated based on the expected performance of the specific products to which the costs relate or in which the licensed trademark or copyright is to be used. Criteria used to evaluate expected product performance include: historical performance of comparable products developed with comparable technology; orders for the product prior to its release; and, for any sequel product, estimated performance based on the performance of the product on which the sequel was based. Fair Value of Financial Instruments In accordance with current accounting standards, certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. ASC 820 requires that certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value, and the standard details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value. The Company had no assets and liabilities required to be measured on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The current assets and current liabilities reported on the Company s consolidated balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate fair market value due to their short-term nature. Income Taxes We account for income taxes using ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Under ASC Topic 740, income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. ASC Topic 740 includes accounting guidance which clarifies the accounting for the uncertainty in recognizing income taxes in an organization by providing detailed guidance for financial statement recognition, measurement and disclosure involving uncertain tax positions. This guidance requires an uncertain tax position to meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized both upon the adoption of the related guidance and in subsequent periods. The Company has no uncertain tax positions at any of the dates presented. 31 Table of Contents Earnings per Share The computation of basic earnings per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted earnings per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period plus the weighted average common stock equivalents which would arise from the exercise of stock options, warrants, convertible preferred stock and other rights during the period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the diluted weighted average number of shares includes 18,991,250 common shares issuable upon conversion of related party convertible debt and 67,734 common shares issuable from outstanding stock options. For the years ended December 31, 2021, the diluted weighted average number of shares includes 18,991,250 common shares issuable upon conversion of related party convertible debt and 1,886,298 common shares issuable from outstanding stock options. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Although there were new accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB during the year ended December 31, 2022 and through the date of filing of this report, the Company does not believe any of these accounting pronouncements, other than the item listed above, has had or will have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenues Our revenue can typically fluctuate based on when we release our games and the popularity of the games we release. Currently, our games are free to download and play, but have built-in features that require the consumer to pay if they want to access the feature, which means our revenue is tied to when the consumer pays to access the features. The exception to this business model is Eventzee, which generates revenue by way of a licensing fee paid by clients based on the number of participants who use our software. Revenues decreased 37,303 to 2,099,055 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,136,358 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly due to slightly lower revenues in one of our games, offset by increased revenues in other apps. Our Eventzee app saw over a 32 increase in revenues compared to 2021, due to increased marketing efforts and the newly re-designed app. Cost of Sales Cost of sales increased 90,526 to 366,624 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 276,098 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was a result of increased costs in server and backend technology as our Munzee and Eventzee games increased in the numbers of players using the games, as well as an increase in cost of sales of physical goods. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 33,247 to 1,660,825 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,694,072 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily a result of a decrease in payroll expenses and capitalizing some of our production costs, a decrease in general office expenses related to the coronavirus pandemic, partially offset by an increase in marketing expenses. 32 Table of Contents Other Income (Expense) Total other income (expense) of 129,095 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was up 3,490 from 125,605 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily driven by the recognition of revenue from the forgiveness of our second PPP loan of 176,441 versus our first PPP loan of 174,420 in 2021. The remaining amounts relate to interest expense comprised primarily of imputed interest accrued for the entire year on the related party debt. For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense of 47,346) was relatively consistent with prior year amounts. This imputed interest does not represent on obligation payable in cash, but is recorded as a contribution to capital. Provision for Income Taxes The provision for income taxes was 1,555 and 1,454 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net Income (Loss) As a result of the above, we reported net income of 200,701 and 290,339 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net income in 2022 was due to slightly lower revenues and much higher costs. The net income in 2022 and 2021 both include non-cash expenses such as imputed interest. Liquidity and Capital Resources Introduction As of December 31, 2022, we had current assets of 771,500, including cash of 741,163, and current liabilities of 1,056,065, resulting in a working capital deficit of 284,565. In addition, we had a total stockholders deficit of 65,122 at December 31, 2022. From a financial perspective, one of our focuses in 2022 was to improve our cash positions and increase flow management, as well as increasing overall game revenues. Properly managing cash allows the company to move forward in development and growth without borrowing funds from investors or third parties. Freeze Tag management made a concentrated effort on managing cash flow. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating activities provided 165,332 and 300,080 net cash, respectively. Management believes that by continuing cost reductions and realizing cost efficiencies, operating cash flows will be sufficient to support our business plan. We will also continue to update and launch new components of our games to maximize revenues. As a result, we may have short-term cash needs. Therefore, management is currently evaluating alternative financing sources to fund our current business plan should cash provided by operations be insufficient. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. Sources and Uses of Cash Net cash provided by operating activities was 165,332 for the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly as a result of our net income of 200,701, non-cash expenses totaling 116,680 and increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 31,274. These are partially offset by forgiveness of our PPP loan of 176,441, increases in accounts receivable of 3,705 and other assets of 3,450, and a decrease in other liabilities of 5,640. By comparison, net cash provided by operating activities was 300,080 for the year ended December 31, 2021 mainly as a result of our net income of 290,339, non-cash expenses totaling 182,481 and increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 10,160. These are partially offset by forgiveness of our PPP loan of 174,420, increases in accounts receivable of 1,699 and other assets of 1,453, and a decrease in other liabilities of 5,474. 33 Table of Contents Net cash used by investing activities was 167,015 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 203,624 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of capitalized software. Net cash used by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 9,980 was a result of loan payments on our vehicle. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 164,731 related to new loans during the period partially offset by payments on outstanding loans. Notes Payable Related Party As of December 31, 2022, our related party debt was comprised of notes payable totaling 379,825 to Craig Holland, our Chief Executive Officer and Mick Donahoo, our Chief Financial Officer. These notes are non-interest bearing and mature on December 31, 2023. Of this related party indebtedness, there are two convertible notes payable of 186,450 to each of Messrs. Holland and Donahoo, who have the right, at any time, at their election, to convert all or part of the amount due into shares of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of the Company. The Company has imputed interest on these notes payable using an annual rate of 10 . This imputed interest does not represent on obligation payable in cash, but is recorded as a contribution to capital. The fixed conversion price is 0.02 per share. Debt Instruments, Guarantees, and Related Covenants We have no disclosures required by this item. ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 34 Table of Contents ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA FREEZE TAG, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 35 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Freeze Tag, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Freeze Tag, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and consolidated cash flows for the two-year period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has capitalized software development costs in accordance with ASC 985-20. Auditing management s calculation of the fair value of stock-based compensation can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on various inputs to the calculation. To evaluate the appropriateness of the fair value determined by management, we examined and evaluated the inputs management used in calculating the fair value of the stock-based compensation. /s/ M K CPAS, PLLC We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. March 31, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents FREEZE TAG, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Unearned royalties Notes payable related party, current portion Notes payable, current portion Total current liabilities Notes payable related party, net of current portion Notes payable net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock; par value, shares authorized: Series B; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Series C; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common stock; par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Common stock payable Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements F-2 Table of Contents FREEZE TAG, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Total operating costs and expenses Income from operations Other income (expense): Gain on extinguishment of debt Interest expense Total other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic Weighted average number of common shares outstanding diluted Net loss per common share basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements F-3 Table of Contents FREEZE TAG, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Series B Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Common Stock Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Payable (Deficit) Equity Balance, December 31, 2020 Imputed interest on related party debt - - - Stock-based compensation - - - Net income - - - Balance, December 31, 2021 Imputed interest on related party debt - - - Net income - - - Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements F-4 Table of Contents FREEZE TAG, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Imputed interest on related party debt Stock-based compensation Forgiveness of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current and noncurrent liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capitalized software costs Net cash used by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from notes payable Payments on notes payable Net cash (used) provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash at the beginning of the year Cash at the end of the year Supplemental disclosure: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents FREEZE TAG, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Revenue Recognition Cash and Cash Equivalents . At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no cash equivalents. F-6 Table of Contents Property and Equipment years Computer equipment years Office furniture and equipment years Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Significant renewals and betterments will be capitalized. At the time of retirement or other disposition of equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation will be removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss, if any, will be reflected in operations. The Company will assess the recoverability of property and equipment by determining whether the depreciation and amortization of these assets over their remaining life can be recovered through projected undiscounted future cash flows. The amount of equipment impairment, if any, will be measured based on fair value and is charged to operations in the period in which such impairment is determined by management. Intangible Assets years. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the expected undiscounted cash flows of the asset, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value. The testing of these intangibles under established guidelines for impairment requires significant use of judgment and assumptions. Changes in forecasted operations and other assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair values. Changes in business conditions could potentially require adjustments to these asset valuations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reviewed the intangible assets and determined that no impairment was required. Concentrations of Credit Risk, Major Customers and Major Vendors Income Taxes F-7 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Translation Stock-Based Compensation and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. Earnings per Share common shares issuable upon conversion of related party convertible debt and common shares issuable from outstanding stock options using the treasury stock method. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the diluted weighted average number of shares includes common shares issuable upon conversion of related party convertible debt and common shares issuable from outstanding stock options using the treasury stock method. Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-8 Table of Contents and respectively, of capitalized software development costs in other assets on the balance sheet. The Company did not recognize amortization expense in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Recent Accounting Pronouncements F-9 Table of Contents for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of and a total stockholders deficit of . These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management believes that by continuing to implement cost reductions, and by increasing revenue from updated product lines, operating cash flows will be sufficient to support the Company s business plan. However, management is currently evaluating alternative financing sources to fund the Company s current business plan should cash provided by operations be insufficient. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon successfully executing its plans to attain a successful level of operations. The Company s consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if it were unable to continue as a going concern. Computer equipment Office furniture and equipment Total Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net Depreciation expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. F-10 Table of Contents Customer base Non-compete agreements Less accumulated amortization Net Amortization expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The intangible assets were amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of years. . The Company recognized and in operating lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date of the lease, based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes any lease incentives. When readily determinable, the Company uses the implicit rate in determining the present value of lease payments. When leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company will use its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date, including the lease term. Short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Lease expense for short-term leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no long-term leases. Convertible note payable to Craig Holland, non-interest bearing, maturing on December 31, 2023 Convertible note payable to Mick Donahoo, non-Interest bearing, maturing on December 31, 2023 Other: Note payable to financial institution, secured by vehicle, interest at 2.9 , due in 2025 Paycheck Protection Program loan(s), payable to financial institution, 1 interest, principal and interest deferred six months, payments starting in November, 2020, due in 2022 (loan for 174,420 forgiven in 2021, loan for 174,421 due in 2022) Small Business Loan, payable to financial institution, 3.75 interest, payments starting in November 2021, due in 2050 Total notes payable Less current portion Notes payable, net of current portion F-11 Table of Contents . Under the Paycheck Protection Program, the PPP Loan has a fixed interest rate of , a Pursuant to the terms of the PPP Loan, the Company may apply for forgiveness of the amount due on the PPP Loan in an amount equal to the sum of the following costs incurred by the Company during the 8-week period (or any other period that may be authorized by the U.S. Small Business Association) beginning on the date of first disbursement of the loan: payroll costs, any payment of interest on a covered mortgage obligation, payment on a covered rent obligation, and any covered utility payment. The amount of PPP Loan forgiveness shall be calculated in accordance with the requirements of the Paycheck Protection Program, including the provisions of Section 1106 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), although no more than 25 of the amount forgiven can be attributable to non-payroll costs. The Company applied for and received loan forgiveness in 2021. On January 25, 2021, the Company received an additional PPP Loan in the amount of . Under the Paycheck Protection Program, the PPP Loan has a fixed interest rate of , a maturity date five years from the date of the funding of the loan and no payments are due for six months. Other terms are consistent with the first PPP loan. The Company applied for and received forgiveness of the full loan amount in 2022. On May 18, 2020, the Company received an additional U.S. Small Business Administration Loan (SBA Loan) in the amount of to alleviate continued economic injury caused the COVID-19 crisis. The SBA Loan has a fixed interest rate of and matures in thirty years from the date of the loan. Payments were scheduled to begin twelve months from the effective date in a fixed amount of per month. All payments will be applied to interest first. This loan is secured by the general assets of the Company. The SBA Loan has since indicated that the first payments are not required to begin until 30 months from the date of the note. The Company had a note payable to Craig Holland, its Chief Executive Officer, with a balance of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company also had convertible notes payable to Mr. Holland and Mick Donahoo, its Chief Financial Officer, with a total balance of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Messrs. Holland and Donahoo have the right, at any time, at their election, to convert all or part of the amount due into shares of fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of the Company. The fixed conversion price is per share. The Company has imputed interest expense on the notes payable related party using an annual rate of . This imputed interest does not represent an obligation payable in cash, but is recorded as a contribution in capital. Imputed interest expense on notes payable related party was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Future maturities of notes payable as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Notes Payable shares of its par value common stock and had common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was no common stock activity during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had common stock payable of resulting from a technology transfer agreement with an unrelated party that obligated the Company to issue a total of shares of its common stock, payable in quarterly installments of shares. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of its par value preferred stock. The shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series B preferred stock and shares of Series C preferred stock issued and outstanding. Series A Preferred Stock The Company s Series A Preferred Stock has shares authorized and the following rights: (i) no dividend rights; (ii) no liquidation preference over the Company s common stock; (iii) no conversion rights; (iv) the shares are automatically redeemed by the Company in the event: (a) Mr. Holland is no longer an officer, director or consultant with the Company, or (b) the Company s common stock is listed on a national exchange, if the listing rules require the shares to be eliminated; (v) no call rights by the Company; (vi) non-transferable; and (vii) There was no Series A Preferred Stock activity during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. F-12 Table of Contents shares authorized and the following rights: . There was no Series B Preferred Stock activity during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Series C Preferred Stock The Company s Series C Preferred Stock has shares authorized and the following rights: There was no Series C Preferred Stock activity during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Stock Options 2006 Stock Option Plan The Company s 2006 Stock Option Plan adopted by our Board of Directors in March of 2006 terminated in the year ended December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no stock options outstanding under the 2006 Stock Option Plan. 2017 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan On December 4, 2017, our Board of Directors approved the Freeze Tag, Inc. 2017 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, our Board of Directors may issue options to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock to individuals, including, but not limited to, our Board of Directors and/or our executive management. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were stock options outstanding under the 2017 Stock Option Plan. F-13 Table of Contents and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, there is no future compensation cost related to non-vested stock options not yet recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A summary of the status of the stock options issued by the Company under both plans as of December 31, 2022, and changes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below: Granted - - Canceled / Expired - - Exercised - - Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted - - Canceled / Expired - - Exercised - - Outstanding, December 31, 2022 . at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company also had convertible notes payable to Mr. Holland and Mick Donahoo, its Chief Financial Officer, with a total balance of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 7 for detailed disclosure of this related party debt, including interest rates, terms of conversion and other repayment terms. . This lease ended . Effective, January 15, 2023, the Company closed that facility. As a result, the Company began outsourcing its physical production. However, it still maintains an office mailing address in McKinney, Texas. Total rent expense under all operating leases was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. F-14 Table of Contents and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For Federal and California income tax purposes, the Company has net operating loss carry forwards that expire through . The net operating loss as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The Company experienced a Section 382 change of ownership in connection with the Merger in 2017, thereby subjecting net operating loss carryovers generated previously to limitations on utilization. To-date, these limitations have not had an impact on the Company s reported income tax. The deferred tax asset and the valuation allowance consist of the following at December 31: Valuation allowance Net The ultimate realization of our deferred tax asset is dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, our future earnings, and other events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a allowance against our deferred tax asset since we were unable to conclude that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax asset will be realized. In November 2020, the Company closed an Internal Revenue Service tax audit for 2015 and 2016. The Company had previously reserved for these amounts and has negotiated a payment plan to repay these amounts, plus penalties and interest. The years open to examination by taxing authorities vary by jurisdiction; no years prior to 2018 are open. F-15 Table of Contents ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There are no items required to be reported under this Item. ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(c) and 15d 15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who are our principal executive officer and principal financial officers, respectively, concluded that, as of the end of the period ended December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective (1) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to us, including our chief executive and chief financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We had these same deficiencies throughout 2022, but mistakenly called our disclosure controls and procedures effective in our three Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed in 2022. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. No matter how well conceived and operated, our disclosure controls and procedures can provide only a reasonable level of assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Furthermore, smaller reporting companies face additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties. Often, one or two individuals control every aspect of the company s operation and are in a position to override any system of internal control. Additionally, smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and any disposition of our assets; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Under the supervision of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as at December 31, 2022. 36 Table of Contents This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered, public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, we determined that there was a control deficiency that constituted a material weakness: (1) Due to the Company not having formal Control procedures related to the approval of related party transactions; (2) Management did not maintain effective internal controls relating to the quarter end closing and financial reporting process; (3) The Company did not maintain effective internal controls to assure proper segregation of duties as the same employee was responsible for initiating and recording of transactions, thereby creating a segregation of duties weakness. This control deficiency resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements could not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of the material weakness described above, we concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control 2013 Integrated Framework issued by COSO. Our management continues to evaluate remediation plans for the above deficiency. We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There are no changes to report during our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION None 37 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names, ages, and biographical information of each of our current directors and executive officers, and the positions with the Company held by each person, and the date such person became a director or executive officer of the Company. Our executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors. The directors serve one-year terms until their successors are elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation or removal by the Board of Directors. Family relationships among any of the directors and officers are described below. Name Age Position Craig Holland 62 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Creative Officer, and Director Robert D. Vardeman, Jr. 47 President and Director Mick Donahoo 53 Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Director Robert D. Vardeman 69 Director Craig Holland co-founded Freeze Tag in October 2005. Prior to founding Freeze Tag, Craig founded Thumbworks, a publisher of mobile gaming applications, in January 2002 and served as the CEO of Thumbworks from its formation until its acquisition by In-Fusio, a mobile game publisher and mobile entertainment platform provider in January 2005. As CEO of Thumbworks, Mr. Holland drove the organization s strategic direction, overseeing carrier relations, business development and licensing initiatives which led to partnerships with some of the world s leading brands such as Etch A Sketch , Nickelodeon, Suzuki, Paramount Pictures, and Honda. Prior to founding Thumbworks, Mr. Holland founded Nine Dots, an interactive marketing firm in North America whose clients included a number of high-profile consumer brands such as Nestle, Quaker Oats, Qualcomm and General Motors, in 1992. Mr. Holland served as the CEO of Nine Dots from its formation until its sale to CyberSight, a Canadian-based interactive marketing company, in September 2000. Mr. Holland holds an MBA with an emphasis in Marketing from the University of Southern California (USC) and a Bachelor of Arts in English Literature from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA). Robert Vardeman, Jr. , is our President and a member of our Board of Directors, appointed to both positions on October 18, 2017 when Munzee merged with and into our corporation. From 2013-2017 (prior to the merger), Mr. Vardeman was the President of Munzee, Inc., providing the strategic direction of the company, ensuring that the general day-to-day operations were adequately executed. Mr. Vardeman was the visionary for Munzee s suite of applications. He was also responsible for pushing the Munzee brand and spearheading its sales efforts. Before starting Munzee, Mr. Vardeman taught at Allen I.S.D. for 15 years, teaching mathematics for grades four through eight. Mr. Vardeman has a Bachelors in Elementary Education from Dallas Baptist University and a Masters in Administration and Supervision from the University of Phoenix. Mick Donahoo co-founded Freeze Tag in October 2005 and in his role as COO, Mr. Donahoo oversees product planning, design, and software development of all games and technology. With over 25 years of technology experience, Mr. Donahoo has produced over 25 mobile games distributed via 20 worldwide wireless carriers. Prior to founding Freeze Tag, Mr. Donahoo led North American development for Thumbworks and following its acquisition, by In-Fusio, oversaw overseas engineering teams located in Taiwan, Thailand, India, Russia, and Korea. Prior to In-Fusio, Mick was a consulting executive at Ernst Young, LLP in the Financial Services and Aerospace and Defense industries architecting and developing large-scale, three-tiered client/server applications. Mick holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business and Management Information Systems from Brigham Young University. Don Vardeman , is a member of our Board of Directors, appointed on October 18, 2017 when Munzee merged with and into our corporation. From 2013-2017, Mr. Vardeman was an advisor of Munzee, Inc., until Munzee merged with and into Freeze Tag, Inc. As a shareholder of Munzee, Mr. Vardeman provided guidance and insight to senior management. From 1999 - 2016, Mr. Vardeman worked for Anadarko Petroleum, eventually retiring as vice president of worldwide project management. In his positions with Anadarko Petroleum, Mr. Vardeman had execution responsibility for Anadarko s major projects in Algeria, Ghana, Mozambique, and the Gulf of Mexico. Mr. Vardeman began his career with Amoco in operations, drilling and facilities. He later joined Sun Exploration and Production Company, predecessor of Oryx Energy Company, where he held positions in facilities and project management. Kerr-McGee merged with Oryx in 1999 and he later became vice president of marine facilities engineering. Vardeman and his group led the execution of the company s deepwater developments including eight spar projects and other floating systems for the Gulf of Mexico and international locations. Mr. Vardeman graduated magna cum laude from Texas A M University in 1975 with a degree in Electrical Engineering. 38 Table of Contents Family Relationships Don Vardeman (Director) is the father of Rob Vardeman (President and Director). There are no other family relationships among our officers or directors. Historical Compensation of Directors Other than as set forth herein no compensation has been given to any of the directors, although they may be reimbursed for any pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. During the most recent fiscal year, to the Company s knowledge, there were no failures to timely file Section 16(a) forms. Board Meetings and Committees During the 2022 fiscal year, the Board of Directors met on a regular basis and took written action on numerous other occasions. All the members of the Board attended the meetings. The written actions were by unanimous consent. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a written code of ethics, because we believe and understand that our officers and directors adhere to and follow ethical standards without the necessity of a written policy. Audit Committee We do not currently have an audit committee. Compensation Committee We do not currently have a compensation committee. 39 Table of Contents ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Officers and Directors We do not currently have written employment agreements with our executives, Craig Holland, Robert D. Vardeman, Jr. (Rob), and Mick Donahoo. All are at-will employees whose compensation is set forth in the Summary Compensation Table below. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation earned by our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Financial Officer for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Craig Holland 2022 171,600 250 - - - - - 171,850 CEO 2021 159,600 500 - - - - - 160,100 2020 159,600 - - - - - - 159,600 Robert D. Vardeman, Jr. 2022 171,600 250 - - - - - 171,850 President 2021 120,000 500 - - - - - 120,500 2020 110,000 - - - - - - 110,000 Mick Donahoo 2022 171,600 250 - - - - - 171,850 CFO 2021 159,600 500 - - - - - 160,100 2020 159,600 - - - - - - 159,600 Director Compensation The following table sets forth director compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Craig Holland - - - - - - - Mick Donahoo - - - - - - - Robert D. Vardeman, Jr. - - - - - - - Robert D. Vardeman - - - - - - - 40 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End On December 4, 2017, our Board of Directors approved the Freeze Tag, Inc. 2017 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the Plan ). Under the Plan, our Board of Directors may issue options to purchase up to an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of common stock to individuals, including, but not limited to, our Board of Directors and/or our executive management. On March 20, 2006, our Board of Directors and shareholders approved the Freeze Tag, Inc. 2006 Stock Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the 2006 Stock Plan was terminated. The following table sets forth certain information concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022: Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Mick Donahoo 1,025,641 - - 0.039 12/05/27 - - - - Mick Donahoo 3,750,000 - - 0.020 12/18/29 - - - - 41 Table of Contents ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, certain information with respect to our equity securities owned of record or beneficially by (i) each of our Officers and Directors; (ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of each class of our outstanding equity securities; and (iii) all Directors and Executive Officers as a group. Common Stock (1) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) Nature of Beneficial Ownership No. of Shares Percent of Class Percent of Total Voting Rights (6) Craig Holland (2)(3) CEO, CCO and Director 50,876,692 (4) 60.1 14.1 Rob Vardeman (2)(3) President and Director -0- 0 0 Mick Donahoo (2)(3) CFO, Secretary and Director 16,303,198 (5) 18.3 .8 Don Vardeman (2)(3) Director -0- 0 0 All Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 67,179,890 (4)-(5) 78.4 14.9 (1) As of March 31, 2023, there were 75,056,123 shares of common stock outstanding (post reverse stock split). Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of the person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage of any other person. (2) Indicates an officer and/or director of the Company. (3) Unless indicated otherwise, the address of the shareholder is Freeze Tag, Inc., 360 E 1 st Street, #450, Tustin, California 92780. (4) Includes 41,207,942 shares of common stock, and 9,668,750 shares of common stock underlying convertible promissory notes. (5) Includes 2,195,057 shares of common stock, 9,332,500 shares of common stock underlying a convertible promissory note, 1,025,641 shares of common stock underlying vested stock options, which has an exercise price of 0.039 per share, and 3,750,000 shares of common stock underlying vested stock options, which has an exercise price of 0.02 per share. (6) Calculated based on the total votes currently outstanding (does not include votes from shares underlying promissory notes, options or warrants). As of March 31, 2023, there was a total of 292,806,123 votes outstanding, consisting of 75,056,123 votes from common stockholders and 217,750,000 votes from Series C Preferred Stock holders. 42 Table of Contents Series C Preferred Stock (1) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Nature of Beneficial Ownership No. of Shares Percent of Class Percent of Total Voting Rights (4) Craig Holland (2)(3) CEO, CCO and Director -0- 0 0 Rob Vardeman (2)(3) President and Director 2,659,128 61.1 45.4 Mick Donahoo (2)(3) CFO, Secretary and Director -0- 0 0 Don Vardeman (2)(3) Director 339,174 7.9 5.7 Scott Foster 360 E 1 st Street, #450 Tustin, CA 92780 5 Shareholder 868,287 20.0 14.82 Chris Pick 360 E 1 st Street, #450 Tustin, CA 92780 5 Shareholder 325,607 7.50 5.5 All Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 2,998,272 68.8 51.1 (1) As of March 31, 2023, there were 4,355,000 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock outstanding. Each share of our Series C Preferred Stock is convertible and votes at 50 to 1. Shares of Series C Preferred Stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage of the person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage of any other person. (2) Indicates an officer and/or director of the Company. (3) Unless indicated otherwise, the address of the shareholder is Freeze Tag, Inc., 360 E 1 st Street, #450, Tustin, California 92780. (4) Calculated based on a total of 292,806,123 votes outstanding, consisting of 75,056,123 votes from common stockholders and 217,750,000 votes from Series C Preferred Stock holders. We are not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any class of the issuer, other than as set forth above. We are not aware of any person who controls the issuer as specified in Section 2(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. There are no classes of stock other than common stock issued or outstanding. We do not have an investment advisor. There are no current arrangements which will result in a change in control. 43 Table of Contents ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Notes Payable Related Party On July 25, 2017, we entered into an Amendment No. 1 to a Promissory Note with Craig Holland, our Chief Executive Officer, under which we agreed to amend the terms of that certain Convertible Promissory Note dated December 31, 2013, as extended by agreement dated December 31, 2016, and entered into by and between the parties (the Holland Salary Note in order to (i) make the Holland Salary Note non-interest bearing, (ii) change the conversion price from a variable price to 0.02 per share, and (iii) waive all interest due and owing under the Holland Salary Note. The description of the Holland Salary Note set forth in this report is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of document, which is incorporated herein by reference. On July 25, 2017, we entered into an Amendment No. 1 to a Promissory Note with Mick Donahoo, our Chief Financial Officer, under which we agreed to amend the terms of that certain Convertible Promissory Note dated December 31, 2013, as extended by agreement dated December 31, 2016, and entered into by and between the parties (the Donahoo Salary Note in order to (i) make the Donahoo Salary Note non-interest bearing, (ii) change the conversion price from a variable price to 0.02 per share, and (iii) waive all interest due and owing under the Donahoo Salary Note. The description of the Donahoo Salary Note set forth in this report is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of document, which is incorporated herein by reference. On July 25, 2017, we entered into an Amendment No. 1 to a Promissory Note with Craig Holland, our Chief Executive Officer, under which we agreed to amend the terms of that certain Convertible Promissory Note dated December 31, 2013, as extended by agreement dated December 31, 2022, and entered into by and between the parties (the Holland Note in order to make the Holland Note non-interest bearing, (ii) make the Holland Note non-convertible, and (iii) waive all interest due and owing under the Holland Note. The description of the Holland Note set forth in this report is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of document, which is incorporated herein by reference. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we owed a total of 379,825 to Craig Holland, our Chief Executive Officer and Mick Donahoo, our Chief Financial Officer under these related party notes payable. Imputed interest expense on the related party notes payable, calculated at 10 per annum, totaled 37,983 and 37,984 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This imputed interest does not represent on obligation payable in cash, but is recorded as a contribution to capital. Securities Exchange Agreements On July 25, 2017, we entered into a Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Craig Holland, our Chief Executive Officer (the Holland Securities Exchange Agreement ). Under the Holland Securities Exchange Agreement, Mr. Holland agreed to exchange promissory notes issued by us dated December 31, 2013 and September 30, 2014 (the Holland Notes ), and the 756,984 in principal owing under the Holland Notes, into 37,849,200 shares of our common stock (the Holland Common Stock ), on a post-reverse basis (based on a prospective 1-for-100 reverse stock split we had planned for on or about September 1, 2017). At the time, the closing under the Holland Securities Exchange Agreement for the exchange of the Holland Notes for the Holland Common Stock was set to occur automatically upon the effectiveness of the referenced reverse stock split. The description of the Holland Securities Exchange Agreement set forth in this report is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of document, which is incorporated herein by reference. On July 25, 2017, we entered into a Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Mick Donahoo, our Chief Financial Officer (the Donahoo Securities Exchange Agreement ). Under the Donahoo Securities Exchange Agreement, Mr. Donahoo agreed to exchange a promissory note issued by us dated December 31, 2013 Donahoo Note ), and the 31,042 in principal owing under the Donahoo Notes, into 1,552,100 shares of our common stock (the Donahoo Common Stock ), on a post-reverse basis (based on a prospective 1-for-100 reverse stock split planned for on or about September 1, 2017). At the time, the closing under the Donahoo Securities Exchange Agreement for the exchange of the Donahoo Notes for the Donahoo Common Stock will occur automatically upon the effectiveness of the referenced reverse stock split. The description of the Donahoo Securities Exchange Agreement set forth in this report is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of document, which is incorporated herein by reference. On October 5, 2017, FINRA took our reverse stock split effective at the open of market. As a result, on October 5, 2017, we issued 37,849,200 shares of common stock to Craig Holland under the Holland Securities Exchange Agreement and 1,552,100 shares of common stock to Mick Donahoo under the Donahoo Securities Exchange Agreement. At the closing, the 285,764 in interest due under the Holland Notes was waived and the 9,841 in interest due under the Donahoo Note was waived. 44 Table of Contents Stock Options On December 5, 2017, we granted Mick Donahoo, our Chief Financial Officer, and a Director, options to purchase up to 1,025,641 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.039 per share. The options were granted under the Freeze Tag, Inc. 2017 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan and were issued in lieu of 40,000 of accrued vacation time. The options expire in December 2027. On December 18, 2019, our Board of Directors granted options to purchase an additional 6,250,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.020, with options to purchase 3,750,000 shares granted to Mick Donahoo, our Chief Financial Officer, and the other options to purchase 2,500,000 shares granted to other employees and consultants. The options expire in December 2029. ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Audit and Related Fees During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, M K CPAS, PLLC charged us 47,000 and 44,750, respectively, in fees for professional services for the audit of our financial statements included in our annual report and for reviews of our quarterly reports. Tax Fees During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, M K CPAS, PLLC did not charge us for professional services for tax preparation. All Other Fees During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, M K CPAS, PLLC did not charge us for any other fees. Of the fees described above for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 100 was approved by the entire Board of Directors. 45 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a)(1) Financial Statements The following financial statements are filed as part of this report: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 F-3 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules We do not have any financial statement schedules required to be supplied under this Item. (a)(3) Exhibits Refer to (b) below. 46 Table of Contents (b) Exhibits 3.1 (1) Articles of Incorporation of Freeze Tag, Inc. 3.2 (1) Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 3.3 (1) Bylaws of Freeze Tag, Inc. 3.4 (3) Articles of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation February 4, 2014 3.5 (7) Articles of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed on February 18, 2016 10.1 (1) 10 Convertible Promissory Note dated July 1, 2010 with The Holland Family Trust 10.2 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 20, 2013 Accredited Investor 10.3 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 31, 2013 Holland Family Trust 10.4 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 31, 2013 Craig Holland Debt 10.5 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 31, 2013 Craig Holland Salary 10.6 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 31, 2013 Mick Donahoo Salary 10.7 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 31, 2013 Mick Donahoo Debt 10.8 (2) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated December 31, 2013 Robert Cowdell 10.9 (8) Convertible Promissory Note with an Accredited Investor dated June 25, 2014 10.10 (4) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated September 30, 2014 Holland Family Trust 10.11 (4) Convertible Promissory Note (10 dated September 30, 2014 Craig Holland 10.12 (5) Consulting and Co-Development Agreement with Gogii Games Corp. dated November 17, 2014 (Redacted Version) 47 Table of Contents 10.13 (5) Convertible Promissory Note with an accredited investor dated February 11, 2015 10.14 (5) Master Development Agreement with TIC TOC STUDIOS, LLC dated February 18, 2015 (Redacted Version) 10.15 (6) Convertible Promissory Note with an accredited investor dated July 28, 2015 10.16 (6) Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note dated December 31, 2013 Craig Holland 10.17 (6) Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note dated December 31, 2013 Mick Donahoo 10.18 (6) Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note with an accredited investor dated December 30, 2013 10.19 (8) Convertible Promissory Note with an accredited investor dated April 7, 2016 10.20 (9) License Agreement with Munzee, Inc. dated October 19, 2016 10.21 (9) License Agreement with Paws, Incorporation dated November 1, 2016 (Redacted Version) 10.22 (10) Amendment #1 to Convertible Promissory Note with an accredited investor dated April 7, 2016 10.23 (10) Convertible Promissory Note with an accredited investor dated February 8, 2017 10.24 (11) Merger Agreement with Munzee, Inc. dated July 26, 2017 10.25 (11) Form of Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Related Parties dated July 25, 2017 10.26 (11) Form of Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Accredited Investor #1 and Accredited Investor #2 dated July 26, 2017 10.27 (11) Form of Second Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Accredited Investor #2 dated July 26, 2017 10.28 (11) Form of Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Accredited Investor #3 dated July 26, 2017 10.29 (11) Form of Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note with Craig Holland and Mick Donahoo dated July 25, 2017 10.30 (11) Amendment No. 1 to Promissory Note with Craig Holland dated July 25, 2017 10.31 (12) Corporate Sponsorship Agreement with American Diabetes Association dated March 22, 2018 21.1(13) Subsidiaries of Freeze Tag Inc. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 48 Table of Contents 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. (1) Incorporated by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on August 16, 2010. (2) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 4, 2014. (3) Incorporated by reference from Definitive Information Statement on Schedule 14-C filed with the Commission on December 31, 2013. (4) Incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 14, 2014. (5) Incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2015. (6) Incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 16, 2015. (7) Incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2016. (8) Incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14, 2016. (9) Incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 14, 2016. (10) Incorporated by reference from Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2017. (11) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 31, 2017. (12) Incorporated by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2018 (13) Incorporated by reference from Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2020 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 49 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Freeze Tag, Inc. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Craig Holland By: Craig Holland Its: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Mick Donahoo By: Mick Donahoo Its: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Craig Holland By: Craig Holland Its: Director and Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Mick Donahoo By: Mick Donahoo Its: Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Rob Vardeman By: Rob Vardeman Its: Director and President Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Don Vardeman By: Don Vardeman Its: Director 50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 frzt_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 frzt_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer I, Craig Holland, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freeze Tag, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Craig Holland By: Craig Holland Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 frzt_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 frzt_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer I, Mick Donahoo, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Freeze Tag, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Mick Donahoo By: Mick Donahoo Chief Financial Officer (Chief Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 frzt_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 frzt_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Freeze Tag, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Craig Holland, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Craig Holland By: Craig Holland Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Freeze Tag, Inc. and will be retained by Freeze Tag, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 frzt_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 frzt_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Freeze Tag, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mick Donahoo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 31, 2023 /s/ Mick Donahoo By: Mick Donahoo Chief Financial Officer (Chief Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Freeze Tag, Inc. and will be retained by Freeze Tag, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 frzt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 frzt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 frzt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 frzt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

