<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1505611_0001213900-23-023973.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6086319</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231716</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1610086</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1233847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1517868</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1356973</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023973.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329131055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023973
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DecisionPoint Systems, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				371644635
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41376
		FILM NUMBER:		23773948

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			DELRAY BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33445
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(561) 900-3723

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1615 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			DELRAY BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33445

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Comamtech Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023973.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_decisionpoint.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name on Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, small reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Emerging growth company Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
Common Stock, 0.001 par value, was as of March 24, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s definitive
proxy statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates, otherwise the Registrant will file
an amendment to this Annual Report within such time period. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 19 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 30 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 31 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 31 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 32 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 33 
 
 Signatures 
 34 

i 

Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management s
beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Some of the statements in the section captioned Risk
Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Description
of Business, and elsewhere in this annual report contain forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements
by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expects, 
 intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, 
 will, would or the negative of these terms or other comparable expressions that convey uncertainty of future
events or outcomes, although not all forward-looking statements contain these terms. 

These statements involve risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the
information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this annual report include, but are
not limited to, statements about: 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and liquidity; 

our plans to obtain any requisite outside funding for our current and proposed operations and potential acquisition and expansion efforts; 

the success of the Company s plan for growth, both internally and through pursuit of suitable acquisition candidates; 

the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other health epidemic, on our business, our clientele, our suppliers, or the global economy as a whole; 

the concentration of our customers and the potential effect of the loss of a significant customer; 

debt obligations arising from our line of credit or otherwise; 

our ability to integrate the business operations of businesses that we acquire from time to time; 

the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other economic, business or competitive factors including market volatility, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain interruptions, and may not be able to manage other risks and uncertainties; 

our ability to compete with companies producing similar products and services; 

the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our products and technology; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our ability to develop and maintain our corporate infrastructure, including our internal controls; 

our ability to develop innovative new products and services; and 

our financial performance. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Overview 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. DecisionPoint ,
the Company , we or us was originally organized in August 2010 under the laws of the Province
of Ontario and subsequently filed a Certificate of Corporate Domestication with the State of Delaware on June 14, 2011 

The Company, through its subsidiaries, consults,
designs, and implements mobility-first enterprise solutions and services that support our customer s operations. DecisionPoint
provides managed and professional services that better enable our customers to implement and manage complex projects on time and on budget.
Our products and services are intended to help our clients improve their operations and drive greater productivity. DecisionPoint partners
with hardware and software companies to combine enterprise-grade handheld computers, printers, tablets, and smart phones into solutions
aimed to improve productivity, provide greater levels of customer services, allowing our customers to be more competitive, DecisionPoint
leverages its software and services portfolio including our Mobile Conductor Platform which provides a Direct Store Delivery 
(DSD) solution to the wholesale distribution market via our proof-of-delivery and route accounting applications. Our ViziTrace Platform
provides our customers with the ability to integrate radio frequency identification RFID technology s into existing
workflows, making them more efficient and effective in the marketplace. Our Managed Services offerings provide our customers a way to
implement, manage, monitor, and maintain all these technologies for the lifetime of the implementation, while supporting and augmenting
our customer s IT teams. 

Acquisitions have been an important element of
our growth strategy and are expected to be in the future. We have supplemented our organic growth by identifying, acquiring and integrating
businesses that results in broader, more sophisticated product offerings, while diversifying and expanding our customer base and markets.
In 2018, we acquired Royce Digital Systems, Inc. RDS ), a provider of innovative enterprise solutions. RDS has expanded
our product portfolio with mission critical printers, consumables and custom labels and a wide array of on-site professional services.
Additionally, RDS has provided new opportunities in the healthcare sector which is incremental to our existing markets of Retail and
Logistics. In December 2020, we acquired ExtenData Solutions, LLC ExtenData ), an enterprise mobility solutions provider
headquartered in the Denver metropolitan area. ExtenData s products and services are synergistic and complimentary to those
provided by the Company. The ExtenData acquisition was intended to enhance and supplement the products and services offered by
the Company and broaden our customer base. In January 2022, we acquired Advanced Mobile Group, LLC AMG ), a company that
brings skills in voice directed technologies and RFID via the ViziTrace Platform. 

Background Products and Services 

DecisionPoint delivers mobility-first managed
service and integration solutions to healthcare, supply chain, and retail customers, enabling them to make better and faster decisions
in the moments that matter the decision points . Our mission is to help businesses consistently deliver on those moments accelerating
growth, improving worker productivity, and lowering risks and costs. 

DecisionPoint s products and services are
intended to empower mobile workers through the implementation of various mobile technologies including specialized mobile business applications,
wireless networks, mobile computers and a variety of consumer and mobile computing devices. We also provide a comprehensive managed services
portfolio that includes consulting, integration, project management, software development, deployment, and life cycle management services.
Those services include configuration, repair services, help desk, and implementation services helping our enterprise customers operationalize
their mobile investments. 

At DecisionPoint, we deliver to our customers
solutions that enable them to make better, faster and more accurate business decisions by implementing industry-specific, enterprise
grade wireless, scanning, RFID and mobile computing systems for their front-line mobile workers, inside and outside of the traditional
workplace. Our solutions are designed to unlock mission critical information and deliver it to employees, at the point of activity,
when needed, regardless of their location. As a result, our customers are able to move their business decision points closer to their
customers: improving customer service levels, reducing costs and accelerating business growth. 

1 

Mobility solutions and usage, in general, continue
to grow and change rapidly. Many companies are leveraging mobile solutions to deliver information to their associates and customers in
new and innovative ways that create competitive differentiation. Rapid change and innovation lead to increasingly complex solutions and
requirements. Internal IT staff can be overwhelmed by the complexity of managing and operationalizing these mobile solutions. DecisionPoint
seeks to eliminate this complexity through our managed services offerings to allow our customers to focus their resources on business
transformation and bottom-line results. 

A comprehensive mobile solution requires close
coordination with many suppliers such as Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs manufacturers, carriers, security organizations,
software providers and others. 

We have developed an ecosystem 
of partners to support the assembly and manufacturing provisions of our custom and off-the-shelf solutions, including handheld device
manufacturers, independent software vendors and wireless carriers. 

DecisionPoint has offices throughout North America
with service centers located on both the East and West Coast allowing us to serve multi-location clients and their mobile workforces. 

Our Markets and Primary Customer Industries 

DecisionPoint is a mobile systems integrator
providing enterprise mobility solutions to the retail, logistics and healthcare markets. These solutions span the complete technology
life cycle from systems design and implementation capabilities to a complete portfolio of support services including repair center services
and managed mobile services. 

During 2022 we developed a new portal, VISION. VISION is intended
to offer our customers a customizable solution for monitoring actions on everything in their IT infrastructure. Decisionpoint
can manage the entire lifecycle of Mobility and IT infrastructure all in one view. VISION provides real-time visibility to manage the
health, location, and status of mission-critical IT assets; VISION also enables clients to monitor the progress in major rollouts. 
This enables our customers to minimize downtime and simplifying the management of a large, distributed enterprise. 

VISION is intended to allow customers to: 

Track assets by location and health status via an interactive map; 

Monitor servers, switches, PC s, and POS systems; 

Deploy custom configured Mobile Devices and the surrounding Infrastructure; 

Engage in custom asset tagging; 

Engage in RMA creation with advanced exchange management 

Monitor and effect repair and refurbishment of assets 

Retail In-Store Operations 

We assist retail customers in selecting and procuring
the correct technology, deploying and installing it and managing that technology for its entire life cycle. Our VISION portal and OnPoint
asset management system helps our retail customers with distributed stores and networks manage support, repairs, returns and every facet
of the life of their POS systems and mobile devices. This allows our customers IT resources to be leveraged for competitive advantage
as we take care of this critical function. 

2 

Warehousing and Distribution 

DecisionPoint provides products and services to large retailers, warehouses
and third-party logistics providers to ensure their logistics operations are modern, efficient and provides them with a competitive advantage.
We work closely with our customers to select the right technology in a rapidly changing world intended to give them return on investment
throughout its lifetime of deployment. Applications such as Yard Management, Receiving, Picking, Hands-Free, and Voice are all components
of a system that provide value. DecisionPoint assists our customers to manage the largest of projects with flawless execution along with
the lifecycle management services that keep those IT assets operational. 

Healthcare 

Through the acquisition of RDS in 2018, DecisionPoint expanded its
presence in healthcare. RDS has provided hardware, integration, IT Services, and a myriad of healthcare solutions to one of the largest
systems in the country for 25+ years supporting clinical workflows throughout the healthcare systems. DecisionPoint currently provides
service on-site for more than 30,000 IT assets, such as Barcode printers and scanners. That expertise combined with our account base of
healthcare systems and healthcare manufacturing makes this vertical our second largest vertical as of December 31, 2022. 

Wholesale Distribution 

Through the acquisition of ExtenData, DecisionPoint
added to its portfolio of reoccurring revenue with the MobileConductor (MC) software platform. MC is application software sold into the
Direct Store Delivery (DSD) and Proof of Delivery (POD) marketplace in a SaaS model. MobileConductor enables us to provide complete in-vehicle
solutions inclusive of hardware and services. 

Field Sales and Service 

DecisionPoint has and expects to roll-out a new tablet system for field
representatives of large enterprise customers. DecisionPoint co-developed the software hand-in-hand with its customers operations team
that is intended to improve the efficiencies of customer field representatives and make it easier for them to record deliveries, pick-ups
and transact sales on the spot. This tablet system has been a multi-year project, which continues to evolve and improve our customer s
competitive position. 

The field sales and service market is experiencing significant growth.
This space has evolved and moved from rugged to consumer technologies in many instances. As a result, DecisionPoint intends to leverage
our experience to expand our offerings and options for our customers as the technology changes and evolves. DecisionPoint intends to provide
its complete line of services, including custom or packaged software solutions to these markets, representing another area of potential
growth. 

Services 

Lifecycle Management 

As part of our services, DecisionPoint, helps customers maximize the
life of their IT assets. When OEMs discontinue a product or provide poor service on an aging product it can force our customers into an
upgrade, they may not be ready to manage or afford. We work closely with our customers in all verticals to attempt to provide them extra
value at the end of an asset s lifecycle. 

Deployment and Project Management 

Project management and deployment services are
also an area of focus for the Company. DecisionPoint s project management team has handled nationwide retail point of sale deployments
and a myriad of other projects that augment customer IT teams. The same applies to healthcare where we have the expertise to understand
clinical workflows and how an IT implementation needs to be executed. 

3 

Managed Services 

DecisionPoint offers a comprehensive product
portfolio of managed services designed to simplify the complexity associated with designing, deploying and managing a mobile solution.
Each product service is defined by specific deliverables and reporting requirements. 

The product portfolio includes: 

Consulting Solution Design Business Process Review 

Technology Acquisition 

Project Management 

Software Integration and Development 

Deployment (depot and on-site) 

Repair Services (depot and on-site) 

Service Desk (tier 2 technical support 

Reverse logistics End of Life (EOL) disposal services 

OnPoint Services Hub (24x7x365 Asset Management Portal) 

Customers can acquire our product service SKU s
a-la-carte or in a complete services bundle. 

Customers receive real-time asset management
and tracking information through DecisionPoint s OnPoint Service Hub, an internally created customer service portal that
provides our customers with a 24/7 view of their technology assets being managed by DecisionPoint. 

4 

As a Service 

DecisionPoint also offers as a service
models that include devices, services, software and consulting in one monthly recurring charge. 

Software 

The market for enterprise mobile software is generally specialized.
Enterprise mobile software systems must support industry-specific and customer-specific business processes. For this reason, we utilize
several avenues to provide mobile software solutions to meet our customers unique requirements, including: 

Software as a Service:
 SaaS is a core strategy to grow our recurring revenue base. In 2020, Decisionpoint acquired ExtenData s MobileConductor
 (trademarked), a software platform targeted at the Direct Store Delivery (DSD) and the Proof of Delivery (POD) markets. In 2022,
 Decisionpoint acquired Advanced Mobile Group s VizeTrace (trademarked), a software platform that manages RFID installations.
 Both MobileConductor and ViziTrace are owned platforms of Decisionpoint and part of its expanded IP portfolio. They will continue
 to be sold, supported and leveraged across our expanded base of customers nationwide. 

Resold specialized ISV
 applications: The software produced by specialized independent software vendors ISV is designed to fit a particular
 vertical market and application. Even still, it must be tailored to meet the needs of each customer and often requires integration
 to the customer s enterprise system(s). Depending on the requirements, this tailoring is provided by DecisionPoint under
 contract with DecisionPoint. 

DecisionPoint custom
 development : When one of our off-the-shelf solutions or other ISV solution is not available, custom software can be created
 in-house using standardized programming platforms like the Microsoft.NET framework, Java , Android and Apple iOS. These
 are used when there is simply no other off-the-shelf way to meet the customer s requirements or when a client
 believes their business requirements are so unique that only a custom solution will work. An increasingly popular requirement for
 many corporate clients, which we are able to fulfill, is a custom application that is written once, but supports multiple mobile
 operating systems. 

Customers 

Our customers include large enterprise companies
across a wide range of industries including retail, healthcare, transportation and logistics. 

No arrangement between us and any customer provide
for a minimum amount of products or services that must be purchased by the customer nor require any customer to exclusively utilize us
as a provider. 

Backlog 

At December 31, 2022, our backlog related to
product orders that are expected to ship throughout 2023 was approximately 30.3 million. 

Competition 

The automatic identification and data capture
(AIDC) business is one that is highly fragmented and covered by many competitors that range from a one-man shop to multi-billion-dollar
companies. DecisionPoint attempts to separate itself from the competition with our expertise and ability to help a customer manage an
entire project versus buying a product. 

5 

The following companies are examples of competitors
in the AIDC Industry: 

CDW Corporation 
 CDW provides thousands of products as a general IT supplier. 

Denali Advanced Integration
 Washington-based Denali Advanced Integration is a full system integration company with services ranging from IT Consulting,
 Managed Services and Enterprise Mobility Solutions. 

Other Competitors
 in the U.S . Certain catalog and online AIDC equipment resellers offer end-users deeply discounted,
 commodity-oriented products; however, they typically offer limited or no maintenance support beyond the manufacturer s warranty
 (which generally results in slower repair turnaround time). More importantly, as end users have become increasingly dependent on
 value added resellers VAR and system integrators to provide platform design, integration and maintenance, end users
 typically do not place major purchase orders with such resellers. 

Suppliers 

Products from three suppliers, Scansource, Bluestar,
and Ingram Micro totaled approximately 78 of our cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Intellectual Property 

We own and maintain a portfolio of intellectual
property assets which we hope to continue to build. We believe that our intellectual property assets create great value to us and therefore
we take steps to protect those assets. However, because of the nature of our business and assets we have not sought patent or trademark
protection of our intellectual property assets. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of approximately
116 full-time employees. We have not experienced any work disruptions or stoppages and we consider relations with our employees to be
good. 

Legal Proceedings; Product Liability 

From time to time, we may be subject to legal
proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Currently, we are not a party to any material legal proceedings or subject
to any material claims. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation
can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

Available Information 

Our annual and quarterly reports, along with
all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations
section of our website at www.decisionpt.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are filed with or furnished to the
SEC. Our corporate governance policies, ethics code and board of directors committee charters are posted under the Investor Relations
section of the website. The information contained on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference in, this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The
address of that site is www.sec.gov. 

6 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our operations and financial condition are
subject to significant risks, including those described below. This report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward looking statements that may be affected by several risk factors, including those
set forth below. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

Our working capital requirements may negatively
affect our liquidity and capital resources. 

At various times in our history, we have experienced
negative working capital and minimal liquidity. If our working capital requirements vary significantly or if our short and long-term
working capital needs exceed our cash flows from operations, we would look to our cash balances or other alternative sources of additional
outside capital, which may not be available on satisfactory terms and in adequate amounts, if at all. 

The mobile computing industry is characterized
by rapid technological change, and our success depends upon the frequent enhancement of existing products and services and timely introduction
of new products and services that meet our customers needs . 

Customer requirements for mobile computing products
and services are rapidly evolving and technological changes in our industry occur rapidly. To keep up with new customer requirements
and distinguish us from our competitors, we must frequently introduce new products and services and enhancements of existing products
and services. Enhancing existing products and services and developing new products and services is a complex and uncertain process. It
often requires significant investments in research and development R D ), which we do not undertake. Even if we made
significant investments in R D, they might not result in products or services attractive or acceptable to our customers. Furthermore,
we may not be able to launch new or improved products or services before our competition launches comparable products or services. Any
of these factors could cause our business or results or operations to suffer. 

If we fail to continue to introduce new products
that achieve broad market acceptance on a timely basis, we will not be able to compete effectively, and we will be unable to increase
or maintain sales and profitability. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products and product enhancements
that achieve broad market acceptance. If we are unable to develop and introduce new products that respond to emerging technological trends
and customers mission critical needs, our profitability and market share may suffer. The process of developing new technology
is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers changing needs and emerging technological trends, our
business could be harmed. 

We are active in the identification and development
of new product and technology services and in enhancing our current products. However, in the enterprise mobility solutions industry,
such activities are complex and filled with uncertainty. If we expend a significant amount of resources and our efforts do not lead to
the successful introduction of new or improved products, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, profitability, financial
condition and market share. 

We may also encounter delays in the manufacturing
and production of new products from our principal suppliers. Additionally, new products may not be commercially successful. Demand for
existing products may decrease upon the announcement of new or improved products. Further, since products under development are often
announced before introduction, these announcements may cause customers to delay purchases of any products, even if newly introduced,
until the new or improved versions of those products are available. If customer orders decrease or are delayed during the product transition,
we may experience a decline in revenue and have excess inventory on hand which could decrease gross profit margins. Our profitability
might decrease if customers, who may otherwise choose to purchase existing products, instead choose to purchase lower priced models of
new products. Delays or deficiencies in the development, manufacturing, and delivery of, or demand for, new or improved products could
have a negative effect on our business or profitability. 

Our products are highly technical and may
contain undetected errors, product defects, security vulnerabilities, or software errors. 

Our products, including our software products,
are highly technical and complex and, when deployed, may contain errors, defects, or security vulnerabilities. We must develop our products
quickly to keep pace with the rapidly changing market, and we have a history of frequently introducing new products. Products and services
as sophisticated as ours could contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new models or versions
are released. Such occurrences could result in damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diverted development resources, increased customer
service and support costs, warranty claims, and litigation. 

We warrant that our products will be free of
defect for various periods of time, depending on the product. In addition, certain of our contracts include epidemic failure clauses.
If invoked, these clauses may entitle the customer to return or obtain credits for products and inventory, or to cancel outstanding purchase
orders even if the products themselves are not defective. 

7 

Errors, viruses, or bugs may be present in software
or hardware that we acquire or license from third parties and incorporate into our products or in third-party software or hardware that
our customers use in conjunction with our products. Our customers proprietary software and network firewall protections may corrupt
data from our products and create difficulties in implementing our solutions. Changes to third-party software or hardware that our customers
use in conjunction with our software could also render our applications inoperable. Any errors, defects, or security vulnerabilities
in our products or any defects in, or compatibility issues with, any third-party hardware or software or customers network environments
discovered after commercial release could result in loss of revenue or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customers, theft of trade
secrets, data or intellectual property and increased service and warranty cost, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products
alone or in combination with third-party hardware or software could expose them to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop
and deploy viruses and other malicious software programs that could attack our products. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities
in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases, or use competitive
products. 

We face competition from numerous sources
and competition may increase, leading to a decline in revenues. 

We compete primarily with well-established companies,
many of which we believe have greater resources than us. We believe that barriers to entry are not significant and start-up costs are
relatively low, so our competition may increase in the future. New competitors may be able to launch new businesses similar to ours,
and current competitors may replicate our business model, at a relatively low cost. If competitors with significantly greater resources
than ours decide to replicate our business model, they may be able to quickly gain recognition and acceptance of their business methods
and products through marketing and promotion. We may not have the resources to compete effectively with current or future competitors.
If we are unable to effectively compete, we will lose sales to our competitors and our revenues will decline. 

Our competitors may be able to develop
their business strategy and grow revenue at a faster pace than us, which would limit our results of operations and may force us to cease
or curtail operations. 

The wireless mobile solutions marketplace, while
highly fragmented, is very competitive and many of our competitors are more established and have greater resources. We expect that competition
will intensify in the future. Some of these competitors also have greater market presence, marketing capabilities, technological and
personnel resources than the Company. As compared with our company therefore, such competitors may: 

develop and expand their
 infrastructure and service/product offerings more efficiently or more quickly; 

adapt more swiftly to new
 or emerging technologies and changes in client requirements; 

take advantage of acquisition
 and other opportunities more effectively; 

devote greater resources
 to the marketing and sale of their products and services; and 

leverage more effectively
 existing relationships with customers and strategic partners or exploit better recognized brand names to market and sell their services. 

These current and prospective competitors include
other wireless mobility solutions companies, hardware suppliers and in house IT departments. 

8 

A significant portion of our revenue is
dependent upon a small number of customers, and the loss of any one or more of these customers would negatively impact our results of
operations. 

We had two customers who, together, represented
28 of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Customer mix shifts significantly from year to
year, but a concentration of the business with a few large customers is typical in any given year. A decline in our revenues could occur
if a customer which has been a significant factor in one financial reporting period gives us significantly less business in the following
period. Any one of our customers could reduce their orders for our products and services in favor of a more competitive price or different
product at any time. The loss of a significant customer could have a material adverse impact on our Company. 

Our contracts with these customers and our other
customers do not include any specific purchase requirements or other requirements outside of the normal course of business. The majority
of our customer contracts are on an annual basis for service support while on a purchase order basis for hardware purchases. Typical
hardware sales are submitted on an estimated order basis with subsequent follow-on orders for specific quantities. These sales are ultimately
subject to the time that the units are installed at all of the customer locations as per their requirements. Termination provisions are
generally standard clauses based upon non-performance. General industry standards for contracts provide ordinary terms and conditions,
while actual work and performance aspects are usually dictated by a Statement of Work which outlines what is being ordered, product specifications,
delivery, installation and pricing. 

If wireless carriers were to terminate
or materially reduce their business relationships with us, our operating results would be materially harmed. 

We have established key wireless carrier relationships
with T-Mobile and Verizon. We have an informal arrangement with these carriers pursuant to which they provide us referrals of end users
interested in field mobility solutions, and we, in turn, provide solutions which require cellular data networks. We do not have any binding
agreements with these carriers. If these carriers were to terminate or materially reduce, for any reason, their business relationships
with us, our operating results would be materially harmed. 

Use of third-party suppliers and service
providers could adversely affect our product quality, delivery schedules or customer satisfaction, any of which could have an adverse
effect on our financial results. 

In particular, we rely heavily on a number of
privileged vendor relationships as a value-added reseller VAR for the Motorola Solutions Partner Pinnacle Club program,
a manufacturer of bar code scanners and portable data terminals; as an Honors Solutions Provider for Intermec, a manufacturer of bar
code scanners and terminals; as a Premier Partner with Zebra, a printer manufacturer, and O Neil, the leading provider of ruggedized 
handheld mobile printers. The loss of VAR status with any of these manufacturers could have a substantial adverse effect on our business.
Our ability to meet financial objectives depends on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of hardware as well as services
from our vendors. Certain supplies are available from a single source or limited sources for which we may be unable to provide suitable
alternatives in a timely manner. In addition, we may experience increases in vendor prices that could have a negative impact on our business.
Credit constraints by our vendors could cause us to accelerate payables by us, impacting our cash flow. Any unanticipated expense, or
disruption in our business or operations relating a limited number of suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Growth of, and changes in, our revenues
and profits depend on the customer, product and geographic mix of our sales. Fluctuations in our sales mix could have an adverse impact
on or increase the volatility of our revenues, gross margins and profits. 

Sales of our products to large enterprises
tend to have lower prices and gross margins than sales to smaller firms. In addition, our gross margins vary depending on the product
or service delivered. Growth in our revenues and gross margins therefore depends on the customer, product and geographic mix of our sales.
If we are unable to execute a sales strategy that results in a favorable sales mix, our revenues, gross margins and earnings may decline.
Further, changes in the mix of our sales from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year may make our revenues, gross margins and earnings more
volatile and difficult to predict. 

9 

Our sales cycles can be long, unpredictable
and require considerable time and expense, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate. 

Our sales cycle, which is the time between initial
contact with a potential customer and the ultimate sale, is often lengthy and unpredictable. Some of our potential customers may already
have partial managed mobility solutions in place under fixed-term contracts, which may limit their ability to commit to purchase our
solution in a timely fashion. In addition, our potential customers typically undertake a significant evaluation process that can last
up to a year or more, and which requires us to expend substantial time, effort and money educating them about the capabilities of our
offerings and the potential cost savings they can bring to an organization. Furthermore, the purchase of our products and services may
require coordination and agreement across many departments within a potential customer s organization, which further contributes
to our lengthy sales cycle. As a result, we have limited ability to forecast the timing and size of specific sales. Any delay in completing,
or failure to complete, sales in a particular quarter or year could harm our business and could cause our operating results to vary significantly. 

Our revolving line-of-credit agreement
and our loan agreements may limit our flexibility in managing our business, and defaults of any financial and non-financial covenants
in these agreements could adversely affect us. 

Our revolving-line-of-credit agreement as well
as our term loan impose operating restrictions on us in the form of financial and non-financial covenants. These restrictions may limit
the manner in which we can conduct our business and may restrict us from engaging in favorable business opportunities. 

If we incur debt in future periods, our
indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had availability
under a line of credit of 9 million. Our current line of credit expires in July 2024. Our level of indebtedness relative to stockholders 
equity could have important consequences to you, including with respect to our ability to declare and pay a dividend, and significant
effects on our business, including the following: 

certain of our debt obligations
 are secured by significant Company assets; 

our ability to obtain additional
 financing for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or general corporate purposes may be impaired; 

we could be at a competitive
 disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have proportionately less debt; 

our flexibility in planning
 for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate may be limited; 

our ability to fund a change
 of control offer may be limited; and 

we may be more vulnerable
 to economic downturns and adverse developments in our business. 

We expect to obtain the funds to pay our day-to-day
expenses and to repay our indebtedness primarily from our operations. Our ability to meet our expenses and make these payments therefore
depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which we cannot
control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, and our currently anticipated growth in sales
and cash flow may not be realized, either or both of which could result in our being unable to repay indebtedness, including the outstanding
promissory notes, or to fund other liquidity needs. If we do not have enough funds, we may be in breach our debt covenants and/or be
required to refinance all or part of our then existing debt, sell assets or borrow more funds, which we may not be able to accomplish
on terms favorable to us, or at all. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from pursuing any of
these alternatives. 

10 

Our sales and profitability may be affected
by changes in macro-economic, business or industry conditions. 

If the economic climate in the U.S. or abroad
deteriorates as a result of COVID-19, global conflicts in Europe (or elsewhere), rising interest rates, or otherwise, customers or potential
customers could reduce or delay their technology investments. Reduced or delayed technology investments could decrease our sales and
profitability. In this environment, our customers may experience financial difficulty, cease operations and fail to budget or reduce
budgets for the purchase of our products and services. This may lead to longer sales cycles, delays in purchase decisions, payment and
collection, and can also result in downward price pressures, causing our sales and profitability to decline. In addition, general economic
uncertainty and volatility arising from geopolitical events and concerns, inflation, rises in energy prices, changes in interest rates
and general declines in capital spending in the information technology sector make it difficult to predict changes in the purchasing
requirements of our customers and the markets we serve. There are many other factors which could affect our business, including: 

the introduction and market
 acceptance of new technologies, products and services; 

new competitors and new
 forms of competition; 

the size and timing of
 customer orders; 

the size and timing of
 capital expenditures by our customers; 

adverse changes in the
 credit quality of our customers and suppliers; 

changes in the pricing
 policies of, or the introduction of, new products and services by us or our competitors; 

changes in the terms of
 our contracts with our customers or suppliers; 

the availability of products
 from our suppliers; and 

variations in product costs
 and the mix of products sold. 

These trends and factors could adversely affect
our business, profitability and financial condition and diminish our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. 

We may be unable to protect our proprietary
software and methodology. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary
software, methodology and other intellectual property rights. We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, nondisclosure and other contractual
arrangements, and copyright and trademark laws to protect our proprietary rights. We generally enter into nondisclosure and confidentiality
agreements with our employees, partners, consultants, independent sales agents and customers, and limit access to and distribution of
our proprietary information. We cannot be certain that the steps we take in this regard will be adequate to deter misappropriation of
our proprietary information or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual
property rights. We have attempted to put in place certain safeguards in our policies and procedures to protect intellectual property
developed by employees. Our policies and procedures stipulate that intellectual property created by employees and its consultants remain
our property. If we are unable to protect our proprietary software and methodology, the value of our business may decrease, and we may
face increased competition. 

We have not sought to protect our proprietary
knowledge through patents and, as a result, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected to the extent that competing products/services
were to capture a significant portion of our target markets. 

We have generally not sought patent protection
for our products and services, relying instead on our technical know-how and ability to design solutions tailored to our customers 
needs. Our sales and profitability could be adversely affected to the extent that competing products/services were to capture a significant
portion of our target markets. To remain competitive, we must continually improve our existing personnel skill sets and capabilities
and the provision of the services related thereto. Our success will also depend, in part, on management s ability to recognize
new technologies and services and make arrangements to license in or acquire such technologies so as to always be at the leading edge. 

11 

Assertions by a third party that our software
products or technology infringes its intellectual property, whether or not correct, could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation
or expensive licenses. 

Although we believe that our services and products
do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, infringement claims may be asserted against us in the future. There is
frequent litigation in the communications and technology industries based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual
property rights. As we face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us may increase. These
claims, whether or not successful, could: 

divert management s
 attention; 

in costly and time-consuming
 litigation; 

require us to enter into
 royalty or licensing agreements, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all; or 

require us to redesign
 our software products to avoid infringement. 

As a result, any third-party intellectual property
claims against us could increase our expenses and impair our business. In addition, although we have licensed proprietary technology,
we cannot be certain that the owners rights in such technology will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Furthermore,
many of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for certain third-party intellectual property infringement claims,
which could increase our costs as a result of defending such claims and may require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling
related to any such claims. These types of claims could harm our relationships with our customers, may deter future customers from purchasing
our software products or could expose us to litigation for these claims. Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer
and a third party, an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our intellectual property
in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. 

We are dependent on information technology
systems and infrastructure (cybersecurity). 

We rely upon technology systems and infrastructure.
Our technology systems are potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, unauthorized
access and other events such as computer hackings, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software.
Likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may
be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. While we have invested heavily in the protection of data and information technology
and in related training, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breakdowns, breaches in our systems or other
cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon our reputation, business, operations or financial condition of the company.
In addition, significant implementation issues may arise as we continue to consolidate and outsource certain computer operations and
application support activities. 

We are subject to evolving privacy laws
in the United States and other jurisdictions that are subject to potentially differing interpretations and which could adversely impact
our business and require that we incur substantial costs. 

Existing privacy-related laws and regulations
in the United States and other countries are evolving and are subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various U.S. federal
and state or other international legislative and regulatory bodies may expand or enact laws regarding privacy and data security-related
matters. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which took effect in January 2020, was amended
by the California Privacy Rights Act the CPRA and took full effect in January 2023. The CCPA and CPRA, among
other things, gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal
information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. Other U.S. states and the U.S. Congress
have introduced, and some states like Virginia and Colorado have enacted in 2021, data privacy legislation, which may impact our business.
Data privacy legislation, amendments and revisions to existing data privacy legislation, and other developments impacting data privacy
and data protection may require us to modify our data processing. 

We may need to raise additional funds,
and these funds may not be available when we need them or may not be obtainable on favorable terms . 

We may need to raise additional funds in order
to fund our growth strategy and fully implement our business plan. Specifically, we may need to raise additional funds in order to pursue
rapid expansion, develop new or enhanced services and products, and acquire complementary businesses or assets. Additionally, we may
need funds to respond to unanticipated events that require us to make additional investments in or expenditures on behalf of our business.
There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available when needed, on favorable terms, or at all. If funds are not available
when we need them, then we may need to change our business strategy, reduce our rate of growth or suffer losses or other adverse impacts. 

If we incur operating losses or do not raise
sufficient additional capital, material adverse events may occur, including, but not limited to: 1) a reduction in the nature and scope
of our operations, 2) our inability to fully implement our current business plan, and 3) defaults under our existing loan agreements.
A covenant default would give one of our creditors the right to demand immediate payment of all outstanding amounts, which we would likely
not be able to pay out of normal operations. There are no assurances that we can successfully implement our plans with respect to
these liquidity matters. 

12 

Our inability to successfully implement
our acquisition strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We have grown in part as a result of our various
acquisitions, including the acquisitions of ExtenData, Royce Digital Systems, Inc., and Advanced Mobile Group, LLC, and we anticipate
continuing to grow in this manner. Although we expect to regularly consider additional strategic transactions in the future, we may not
identify suitable opportunities or, if we do identify prospects, it may not be possible to consummate a transaction on acceptable terms.
Antitrust or other competition laws may also limit our ability to acquire or work collaboratively with certain businesses or to fully
realize the benefits of a prospective acquisition. Furthermore, a significant change in our business or the economy, an unexpected decrease
in our cash flows or any restrictions imposed by our indebtedness may limit our ability to obtain the necessary capital or otherwise
impede our ability to complete a transaction. Regularly considering strategic transactions can also divert management s attention
and lead to significant due diligence and other expenses regardless of whether we pursue or consummate any transaction. Failure to identify
suitable transaction partners and to consummate transactions on acceptable terms, as well as the commitment of time and resources in
connection with such transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any failure to realize the anticipated
benefits of an acquisition, including unanticipated expenses and liabilities related to acquisitions, could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

We pursue each acquisition with the expectation
that the transaction will result in various benefits, including growth opportunities and synergies from increased efficiencies. However,
even if we are able to successfully integrate an acquired business, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits within
the anticipated timeframes or at all. Furthermore, we may experience increased competition that limits our ability to expand our business,
we may not be able to capitalize on expected business opportunities, and general industry and business conditions may deteriorate. Acquisitions
also expose us to significant risks and costs, and business and operational overlaps may lead to hidden costs. These costs can include
unforeseen pre-acquisition liabilities or the impairment of customer relationships or acquired assets, such as goodwill. We may also
incur costs and inefficiencies to the extent an acquisition expands the industries, markets or geographies in which we operate due to
our limited exposure to and experience in a given industry, market or region. Acquisitions at times involve post-transaction disputes
with the counterparty regarding a number of matters, including disagreements over the amount of a purchase price or other working capital
adjustment or disputes regarding whether certain liabilities are covered by the indemnification provisions of the transaction agreement.
We may underestimate the level of certain costs or the exposure we may face as a result of acquired liabilities. If any of these or other
factors limit our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of a transaction, or we encounter other unexpected transaction-related
costs and liabilities, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Future business combinations and acquisition
transactions, if any, as well as recently closed business combinations and acquisition transactions, may not succeed in generating the
intended benefits and may adversely affect our business. 

Part of our growth strategy is to evaluate strategic
acquisitions or relationships from time to time. The inability of our management to successfully integrate acquired businesses or technologies,
and any related diversion of management s attention, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
financial condition. 

Business combinations and other acquisition transactions
may have a direct adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or stock price. To complete acquisitions
or other business combinations, we may have to use cash, issue new equity securities with dilutive effects on existing stockholders,
take on new debt, assume contingent liabilities or amortize assets or expenses in a manner that might have a material adverse effect
on our balance sheet, results of operations or liquidity. We are required to record business combination-related costs and other items
as current period expenses, which would have the effect of reducing our reported earnings in the period in which an acquisition is consummated.
These and other potential negative effects of an acquisition transaction could prevent us from realizing the benefits of such transaction
and have a material adverse impact on our stock price, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

13 

We must effectively manage the structure
and size of our operations, or our company will suffer. 

Our ability to successfully continue to implement
our business plan requires an effective planning and management process. If funding is available, we intend to continue to attempt to
increase the scope of our operations and acquire complementary businesses or assets. Implementing our business plan will require significant
additional funding and resources. If we successfully grow our operations, we will need to hire additional employees and make significant
capital investments. If we grow our operations, it will place a significant strain on our existing management and resources. If we grow,
we will need to improve our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures, and we will need to expand, train
and manage our workforce. If we need to reduce the size of our infrastructure, we may need to do it swiftly. Any failure to manage any
of the foregoing areas efficiently and effectively would cause our business to suffer. 

We are heavily dependent on our senior
management, and a loss of a member of our senior management team could cause our stock price to decline. 

If we lose members of our senior management,
we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis, and our business and value of our common stock could be adversely
affected. Our existing operations and continued future development depend to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation
of certain key individuals, including our Chief Executive Officer, our Senior Vice Presidents and certain other senior management individuals.
We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining the services of these or other key personnel. If we were to lose any of these
individuals, we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

Our inability to hire, train and retain
qualified employees could cause our financial condition to weaken. 

The success of our business is highly dependent
upon our ability to hire, train and retain qualified employees. We face competition from other employers for people, and the availability
of qualified people is limited. We must offer a competitive employment package in order to hire and retain employees, and any increase
in competition for people may require us to increase wages or benefits in order to maintain a sufficient work force, resulting in higher
operation costs. Additionally, we must successfully train our employees in order to provide high quality services. In the event of high
turnover or shortage of people, we may experience difficulty in providing consistent high-quality services. These factors could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

Our financial condition and results of
operations at times have been and may continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our overall performance depends upon domestic
and worldwide economic and political conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to contribute to volatility, uncertainty, and economic
disruption. Effects of the pandemic continue to contribute to disruptions to global supply chains and contributing to labor shortages.
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have widespread, evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets,
and business practices. Despite the efforts to contain the pandemic, new variants of the virus are, at times, causing additional outbreaks.
The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our business operations, including our employees, customers, partners,
and communities, and there is uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. 

The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business,
operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including: 

the continuing
 economic impacts of the pandemic, including on our customers (particularly those in the retail sector); 

governmental, business,
 and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; 

the effect on our customers
 and customer demand for and ability to pay for our products and services; 

restrictions or disruptions
 to transportation, including reduced availability of ground or air transport; 

continued disruption of
 the supply chain for our products; 

our ability to comply with
 financial covenants, including maintaining required leverage ratios, which could result in debt becoming due and payable prior to
 its stated maturity; and 

changes in our effective
 tax rate due to effects of COVID-19 on our geographic mix of earnings. 

14 

We have experienced disruption in our supply
chain as a result of the effects of COVID-19 and related events, and are subject to ongoing supply chain risks, which adversely affect
our revenue and results of operations. 

We are dependent upon a limited number of contract
manufacturers for the manufacture, testing, and assembly of certain products and specific suppliers for a number of our critical components.
Our current reliance on a limited group of contract manufacturers and suppliers involves risks, including the potential inability to
obtain products or components to meet customers delivery requirements, reduced control over pricing and delivery schedules and
discontinuation of or increased prices for certain components. We have experienced disruption in our supply chain as a result of the
effects of COVID-19 related events and their impact on our suppliers and on international trade in general, leading to shortfalls in
available components we need to make products as well as increased costs to obtain components, to make products, and to transport components
and products. Some suppliers have prioritized the orders of larger customers and are focusing their investments in additional capacity
on higher volume components. We are experiencing extended delivery times for certain components of our hardware products and increased
freight costs. As a result, we are making binding commitments with longer lead times and procuring components at higher prices, which
may impact our flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions and product demand. These disruptions have had an adverse effect on
our ability to meet customer demand and have resulted in delays in shipping products to customers and dealers. The severity of the disruptions
is continuously changing so that the impact on our ability to meet demand for particular products varies over time, which creates substantial
uncertainties in forecasting our financial results. We expect these disruptions to impact our financial results. 

Future disruptions could occur as a result of
any number of events, including, but not limited to, the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, increases in wages that drive up
prices or labor, the imposition of new regulations, quotas or embargoes on components, a scarcity of, or significant increase in the
price of, required components for our products, trade restrictions, tariffs or duties, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, transportation
failures affecting the supply chain and shipment of materials and finished goods, third party interference in the integrity of the products
sourced through the supply chain, the unavailability of raw materials, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, civil unrest, military
conflicts, geopolitical developments, war or terrorism, and disruptions in utility and other services. Any other circumstance that would
require us to seek alternative sources of supply or to manufacture, assemble, and test such components internally could significantly
delay our ability to ship our products, which could damage relationships with current and prospective customers and could harm our reputation
and brand as well as our results of operations. Lastly, due to supply chain issues, we may accumulate excess inventories if we inaccurately
forecast demand for our products. 

If our goodwill or amortizable intangible
assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 

We review our goodwill and amortizable intangible
assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required
to be evaluated for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying
value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization,
decrease in estimated future cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined,
resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 

Despite our listing on the NYSE American,
there can be no assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, and the NYSE American may
subsequently delist our common stock if we fail to comply with ongoing listing standards. 

In May 2022, our common stock commenced trading
on the NYSE American under the symbol DPSI. The NYSE American s rules for listed companies require us to meet certain
financial, public float, bid price and liquidity standards on an ongoing basis in order to continue the listing of our common stock.
To satisfy the initial listing standards for the NYSE American, we had to execute a reverse stock split. In addition to specific listing
and maintenance standards, the NYSE American has broad discretionary authority over the continued listing of securities, which it could
exercise with respect to the listing of our common stock. 

15 

As a listed company, we are required to meet
the continued listing requirements applicable to all NYSE American companies. If we fail to meet those standards, as applied by NYSE
American in its discretion, our common stock may be subject to delisting. We intend to take all commercially reasonable actions to maintain
our NYSE American listing. If our common stock is delisted in the future, it is not likely that we will be able to list our common stock
on another national securities exchange and, as a result, we expect our securities would be quoted on an over-the-counter market; however,
if this were to occur, our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including limited availability of market
quotations for our common stock and reduced liquidity for the trading of our securities. In addition, in the event of such delisting,
we could experience a decreased ability to issue additional securities and obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our common stock is listed on NYSE American, shares of our common stock qualify as covered
securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does
allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the
states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. Further, if we were no longer listed on NYSE American,
our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which
we offer our securities. 

Further, there can be no assurance that an active trading market for
our common stock will be sustained despite our listing on the NYSE American. 

The market price for our common stock may
be volatile, and your investment in our common stock could decline in value. 

The market price of our common stock could fluctuate
significantly in response to various factors and events, including: 

the lack of an established
 trading market for our common stock; 

our ability to integrate
 operations, technology, products and services; 

our ability to execute
 on our business plan; 

operating results below
 expectations; 

our issuance of additional
 securities, including debt or equity or a combination thereof, which may be necessary to fund our operating expenses; 

announcements of technological
 innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

the loss of any strategic
 relationship; 

economic and other external
 factors; 

period-to-period fluctuations
 in our financial results; and 

whether an active trading
 market in our common stock develops and is maintained. 

In addition, the securities markets have from
time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

In the past, securities class action litigation
has often been brought against companies that experience volatility in the market price of their securities. Whether or not meritorious,
litigation brought against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which
could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

16 

We expect that our quarterly results of
operations will fluctuate, and this fluctuation could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our quarterly operating results are likely to
fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline. The nature of our business involves variable factors
which could cause our operating results to fluctuate. 

Due to the possibility of fluctuations in our
revenues and expenses, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results at times are not a good indication of
our future performance. 

If we or our existing stockholders sell
a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, including as part of this offering, our stock price may decline
even if our business is doing well. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our
common stock in the public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares
(particularly with respect to our affiliates, directors, executive officers or other insiders), could depress the market price of our
common stock and could impair our future ability to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. If there are
more shares of common stock offered for sale than buyers are willing to purchase, then the market price of our common stock may decline
to a market price at which buyers are willing to purchase the offered shares of common stock and sellers remain willing to sell the shares. 

In the future, we may issue additional shares
to our employees, directors or consultants, under our equity compensation plan, in connection with corporate alliances or acquisitions,
or to raise capital. Due to these factors, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur
at any time. 

If securities analysts do not publish research
or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for a company s common
stock often is based in part on the research and reports that securities and industry analysts publish about the company. We are not
currently aware of any well-known analysts that are covering our common stock, and without analyst coverage it could be hard to generate
interest in investments in our common stock. Furthermore, if analyst coverage does develop, and an analyst downgrades our stock or publishes
unfavorable research about our business, or if our clinical trials or operating results fail to meet the analysts expectations,
our stock price would likely decline. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on
our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of
our board of directors and will depend on various factors, including our operating results, financial condition, future prospects, covenants
in documents governing our debt obligations and any other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. You should not rely on an
investment in our company if you require dividend income from your investment in our company. The success of your investment will likely
depend entirely upon any future appreciation of the market price of our common stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable. There is
no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and Delaware law, could discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of
our common stock. 

We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging
in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder,
even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. 

17 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(the Charter ), and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a change
in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our Charter and Bylaws: 

provide that vacancies
 on our board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 

do not provide stockholders
 with the ability to cumulate their votes; and 

require advance notification
 of stockholder nominations and proposals. 

In addition, our Charter permits the Board to
issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock with such powers, rights, terms and conditions as may be designated by the Board upon
the issuance of shares of preferred stock at one or more times in the future. Specifically, the Charter permits the Board to approve
the future issuance of all or any shares of the preferred stock in one or more series, to determine the number of shares constituting
any series and to determine any voting powers, conversion rights, dividend rights, and other designations, preferences, limitations,
restrictions and rights relating to such shares without any further authorization by our stockholders. The Board s power to issue
preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might
otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our primary administrative offices and warehouse
are located in Laguna Hills, California where we lease approximately 31,000 square feet, of which we sublease approximately 16,000 square
feet. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs. As of the date of this annual report, our principal executive
office is located at 1615 South Congress Avenue, Suite 103, Delray Beach Florida. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may be subject to legal
proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. Currently, we are not a party to any material legal proceedings or subject
to any material claims. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation
can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

18 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock is currently
listed on the NYSE American under the symbol DPSI . From February 1, 2021 until May 4, 2022, our common stock was quoted
on the OTCQB Venture Market operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol DPSI . 

As of March 24, 2023, there are 7,417,342 shares
of our common stock outstanding. 

Reverse Stock Split 

In December 2021, we effectuated a reverse stock
split of our then outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-2. The number of authorized shares remained unchanged. Stockholders
received a whole share for fractional shares and the par value per common stock remains unchanged. A proportionate adjustment was made
to the maximum number of shares issuable under the 2014 Equity Plan, as amended. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 24, 2023, there were approximately
121 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend
on our common or capital stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. Certain statements
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking
statements that are based on current expectations and involve various risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. 

Our financial statements are stated in United
States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ).
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this
prospectus. In this prospectus, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references
to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

Overview 

DecisionPoint is a provider and integrator of
mobility and wireless systems for business organizations. The Company designs, deploys and supports mobile computing systems that enable
customers to access employers data networks at various locations (i.e. the retail selling floor, nurse workstations, warehouse
and distribution centers or on the road deliveries via enterprise-grade handheld computers, printers, tablets, and smart phones). The
Company also integrates data capture equipment including bar code scanners and radio frequency identification (RFID) readers. 

In December 2020, we completed the acquisition
of ExtenData, a privately held company with corporate headquarters in Centennial, CO. DecisionPoint acquired ExtenData to better serve
its customers, deepen its expertise in manufacturing, transportation and logistics, and hospitality, and provide a stronger regional
presence across the Rocky Mountain and Southwest regions of the United States. 

In January 2022, we completed the acquisition
of AMG, a privately held company headquartered in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. DecisionPoint acquired Advanced Mobile Group to expand DecisionPoint s
mobility-first enterprise solutions and service offerings and grow its capabilities in the mid-Atlantic region. AMG is a regional leader
providing services, hardware, software, integration, and wireless networking solutions, with deep experience in warehousing and distribution,
manufacturing, mobile workforce automation, retailing, and healthcare segments, and 600 customers. 

19 

The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and results
of operations is unknown and will depend on future developments, which fluctuate and are uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence
While our overall business and revenue since the onset of the pandemic have not been materially adversely impacted, certain of our customers,
particularly those in the retail sector, have at times been significantly impacted by COVID-19 and the pandemic has contributed to disruptions
in supply chains and labor shortages across industries, and therefore our results of operations during 2022 are not necessarily indicative
of results to be expected in 2023 in light of the uncertainties surrounding the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on many of our customers and
suppliers. Although our results of operations were not materially adversely impacted, we have experienced supplier shipment delays due
to a supply chain and logistic challenges resulting in delays in revenue recognition. 

In addition, general economic uncertainty and
volatility arising from geopolitical events and concerns, inflation, rises in energy prices, changes in interest rates and general declines
in capital spending in the information technology sector make it difficult to predict changes in the purchasing requirements of our customers
and the markets we serve and whether our results of operations will be materially impacted. 

Components of Results of Operations 

Net Sales 

Net sales reflect revenue from the sale of hardware,
software, consumables and professional services (including hardware and software maintenance) to our clients, net of sales taxes. 

Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains
control of promised goods or services under the terms of a contract and is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive
in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. We do not have any material extended payment terms, as payment is due at or
shortly after the time of the sale. Sales, value-added and other taxes collected concurrently with revenue producing activities are excluded
from revenue. 

Cost of Sales, Sales and Marketing Expenses,
and General and Administrative Expenses 

The following illustrates the primary costs classified
in each major expense category: 

Cost of sales, include: 

Cost of goods sold for
 hardware, software and consumables; 

Cost of services, including
 maintenance; 

Markdowns of inventory;
 and 

Freight expenses. 

Sales and marketing expenses, include: 

Sales salaries, benefits
 and commissions; 

Consulting; 

Marketing tools; 

Travel; and 

Marketing promotions and
 trade shows. 

General and administrative expenses, include: 

Corporate payroll and benefits; 

Depreciation and amortization;

Rent; 

Utilities; and 

Other administrative costs
 such as maintenance of corporate offices, supplies, legal, consulting, audit and tax preparation and other professional fees. 

20 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes key components
of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of our net sales (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Income Statement Data: 

Net sales 
 97,415 
 65,943 
 
 Cost of sales 
 74,320 
 50,639 
 
 Gross profit 
 23,095 
 15,304 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 9,218 
 7,354 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 9,430 
 7,552 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 18,648 
 14,906 
 
 Operating income 
 4,447 
 398 
 
 Interest expense 
 (56 
 (79 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 1,211 
 
 Other expense 
 (15 
 - 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 4,376 
 1,530 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (1,265 
 (116 
 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 3,111 
 1,414 
 
 Percentage of Net Sales: 

Net sales 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of sales 
 76.3 
 76.8 
 
 Gross profit 
 23.7 
 23.2 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 9.5 
 11.2 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 9.7 
 11.5 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 19.1 
 22.6 
 
 Operating income 
 4.6 
 0.6 
 
 Interest expense 
 -0.1 
 -0.1 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 0.0 
 1.8 
 
 Other expense 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 4.5 
 2.3 
 
 Income tax expense 
 -1.3 
 -0.2 
 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders 
 3.2 
 2.1 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net sales 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Dollar 
 Percent 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

(dollars in thousands) 

Hardware and software 
 71,774 
 44,355 
 27,419 
 61.8 
 
 Consumables 
 7,305 
 6,125 
 1,180 
 19.3 
 
 Services 
 18,336 
 15,463 
 2,873 
 18.6 

97,415 
 65,943 
 31,472 
 47.7 

Net sales increased by 47.7 , or 31.5 million, for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by significant equipment
orders by two of our large enterprise customers which contributed an increase of 23.1 million in net sales for the 2022 fiscal year,
and a 8.9 million increase in overall net sales associated with sales by AMG which we acquired on January 31, 2022 (and, thus, there
were no corresponding sales by AMG included in our results of operations 2021) 

21 

Cost of sales 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Dollar 
 Percent 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

(dollars in thousands) 

Hardware and software 
 56,952 
 35,573 
 21,739 
 60.1 
 
 Consumables 
 5,262 
 4,370 
 892 
 20.4 
 
 Services 
 12,106 
 10,696 
 1,410 
 13.2 

74,320 
 50,639 
 23,681 
 46.8 

Cost of sales increased by 46.8 , or 23.7 million during the year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to higher hardware sales volume and a 5.8 million
increase in overall cost of sales associated with cost of sales of AMG that we acquired on January 31, 2022 (and, thus, there were no
corresponding costs of sales of AMG included in our results of operations for 2021). 

Gross profit 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Gross profit: 

Hardware and software 
 14,822 
 8,782 
 
 Consumables 
 2,043 
 1,755 
 
 Services 
 6,230 
 4,767 
 
 Total gross profit 
 23,095 
 15,304 

Gross profit percentage: 

Hardware and software 
 20.7 
 19.8 
 
 Consumables 
 28.0 
 28.7 
 
 Services 
 34.0 
 30.8 
 
 Total gross profit percentage 
 23.7 
 23.2 

Gross profit increased 7.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily as a result of higher sales volume and the other impacts noted above.
Overall gross profit margin increased 50 basis points primarily due to an increase in the gross margins of hardware sales. 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Dollar 
 Percent 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

(dollars in thousands) 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 9,218 
 7,354 
 1,864 
 25.3 
 
 As a percentage of sales 
 9.5 
 11.2 
 
 (1.7 

Sales and marketing expenses increased 1.9 million, or 25.3 , for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 1.0 million increase in commissions
on higher sales volume during 2022, combined with 1.1 million in additional expenses for AMG operations that were acquired on January
31, 2022 (and, thus, there were not corresponding sales and marketing expenses of AMG included in our results of operations for 2021).
These increases were offset by a 0.2 million decrease in salary expense. As a percentage of sales, sales and marketing expenses decreased
170 basis points primarily due to higher sales volume for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

22 

General and administrative expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Dollar 
 Percent 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

(dollars in thousands) 

General and administrative expenses 
 9,430 
 7,552 
 1,878 
 24.9 
 
 As a percentage of sales 
 9.7 
 11.5 
 
 (1.8 

General and administrative expenses increased 1.9 million, or 24.9 ,
for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in these expenses was due to a 2.4
million increase in expenses primarily associated with AMG (which we acquired in January 2022, and, thus, there were no corresponding
general and administrative expenses by AMG included in our results of operations for 2021), offset by a 0.4 million decrease in stock
compensation expense due to fewer stock grants in 2022 as compared to 2021. As a percentage of sales, general and administrative costs
decreased 180 basis points primarily due the higher sales volume in 2022. 

Interest expense. The decrease in
interest expense to 56,000 for the 2022 fiscal year from 79,000 last year was due to a decrease in average debt balances during 2022
as compared to 2021. 

Gain on extinguishment of debt. We recorded
a gain on extinguishment of debt of 1.2 million in the first quarter of 2021 in connection with the forgiveness of the PPP Loans by the
US Small Business Administration SBA ). 

Income tax expense. Income tax expense
was approximately 1.3 million and 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The lower income
tax rate this year is primarily associated with the tax exemption for the gain on extinguishment of debt recognized in the first quarter
of 2021. 

Net income. Net income was 3.1 million
for 2022 compared to 1.4 million in 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash
totaling 7.6 million and 9.0 million of availability under our line of credit. In recent years, we have financed our operations primarily
through cash generated from operating activities, borrowings from term loans and our line of credit. In the past, we have historically
generated operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities as reflected in our accumulated deficit. However, we generated
operating income for each of the years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022. Based on our recent trends and our current projections,
we expect to generate cash from operations for the year ending December 31, 2023. Given our projections, combined with our existing cash
and credit facilities, we believe the Company has sufficient liquidity for at least the next 12 months. 

Our ability to continue to meet our cash requirements
will depend on, among other things, macro-economic conditions, U.S. and global economic activity, continuing disruptions in supply chains
and labor shortages across industry sectors, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenues and cash flow from operations, our
ability to manage costs and working capital successfully and the continued availability of financing, if needed. We cannot provide any
assurance that our assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will remain accurate due to, among other things, volatile macro-economic
conditions. Consequently, the duration of the pandemic and our estimates on the severity of the impact on our future earnings and cash
flows could change and have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In the event of a sustained market
deterioration, and declines in net sales, we may need additional liquidity, which would require us to evaluate available alternatives
and take appropriate actions. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to obtain any additional sources of financing or liquidity
on acceptable terms, or at all. 

23 

Working Capital 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Increase/ 
(Decrease) 

(in thousands) 
 
 Current assets 
 32,272 
 19,334 
 12,939 
 
 Current liabilities 
 31,665 
 18,352 
 13,314 
 
 Working capital 
 607 
 982 
 (375 

The working capital as of December 31, 2022 decreased slightly from
with the working capital balance at December 31, 2021. 

Line of Credit 

On July 30, 2021, we entered into a Loan and Security
Agreement (the Loan Agreement with MUFG Union Bank, National Association. The Loan Agreement provides for a revolving line
of credit of up to 9.0 million with our obligations being secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets. Loans
extended to us under the Loan Agreement are scheduled to mature on July 31, 2024. The availability under the line of credit is not determined
by a borrowing base calculation on our existing accounts receivable balance and bears interest at a variable rate (currently at 7.50 ). 

As of December 31, 2022, we were eligible to borrow
up to 9.0 million, and had no outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. 

EIDL Promissory Note 

On August 27, 2020, we received 150,000 in connection
with a promissory note from the SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program pursuant to the CARES Act. Under
the terms of the EIDL promissory note, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at an interest rate of 3.75 per annum and with a
term of 30 years with equal monthly payments of principal and interest of 731 beginning on August 27, 2021. 

Cash Flow Analysis 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 12,424 
 2,352 
 
 Net used in investing activities 
 (6,002 
 (541 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (1,367 
 (1,229 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 5,055 
 582 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased
to 12.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily
due to higher net income and increases in both deferred revenue and accounts payable. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 6.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 which is comprised of cash payments in connection with the acquisition of AMG, the acquisition
of the customer list and relationships of Boston Technologies, and capital expenditures of property and equipment. Net cash used in investing
activities was 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was comprised of cash payments delivered in connection
with the acquisition of ExtenData and purchases of capital expenditures of property and equipment. 

24 

Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was 1.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which primarily comprised of payments for taxes on the cashless exercise of stock options.
Net cash used in financing activities was 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 which comprised of the repayment
of debt, partially offset by proceeds of long-term debt. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
may have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). This preparation requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates, assumption and disclosures. We choose accounting policies within US
GAAP that management believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results and financial position in a consistent
manner. Management regularly assesses these policies in light of current and forecasted economic conditions. While there are a number
of significant accounting policies affecting our financial statements, we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the
most complex, difficult and subjective estimates and judgments: 

Revenue Recognition 

We determine revenue recognition through the following
steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination
of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognition
of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. 

We combine contracts with the same customer into
a single contract for accounting purposes when the contracts are entered into at or near the same time and the contracts are negotiated
as a single commercial package, consideration in one contract depends on the other contract, or the services are considered a single performance
obligation. If an arrangement involves multiple performance obligations, the items are analyzed to determine the separate units of accounting
(that is, are they distinct and are they distinct in the context of the customer contract). The total contract transaction price is allocated
to the identified performance obligations based upon the relative standalone selling prices of the performance obligations. The standalone
selling price is based on an observable price for services sold to other comparable customers, when available, or an estimated selling
price using a cost plus margin approach. We estimate the amount of total contract consideration we expect to receive for variable arrangements
by determining the most likely amount we expect to earn from the arrangement based on the expected quantities of services we expect to
provide, and the contractual pricing based on those quantities. We only include some or a portion of variable consideration in the transaction
price when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when the uncertainty
associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. We consider the sensitivity of the estimate, our relationship and
experience with our client and variable services being performed, the range of possible revenue amounts and the magnitude of the variable
consideration to the overall arrangement. 

As discussed in more detail below, revenue is
recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services under the terms of a contract and is measured as the amount of
consideration, we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or providing services. We do not have any material extended payment
terms, as payment is due at or shortly after the time of the sale. Sales, value-added and other taxes collected concurrently with revenue
producing activities are excluded from revenue. 

25 

We recognize contract assets or unbilled receivables
related to revenue recognized for services completed but not yet invoiced to our clients. Unbilled receivables are recorded when we have
an unconditional right to contract consideration. A contract liability is recognized as deferred revenue when we invoice clients, or receive
customer cash payments, in advance of performing the related services under the terms of a contract. Remaining performance obligations
represent the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of the end of each reporting period.
Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when we have satisfied the related performance obligation. 

Hardware, consumables and software products
- We recognize product revenue at the point in time when a client takes control of the hardware and/or software, which typically occurs
when title and risk of loss have passed to the client. Our selling terms and conditions reflect that F.O.B dock contractual
terms establish that control is transferred from us at the point in time when the product is shipped to the customer. 

Revenues from software license sales are recognized
as a single performance obligation on a gross basis as we are acting as a principal in these transactions at the point the software license
is delivered to the customer. Generally, software licenses are sold with accompanying third-party delivered software assurance, which
allows customers to upgrade, at no additional cost, to the latest technology if new capabilities are introduced during the period that
the software assurance is in effect. We determined that the accompanying third-party delivered software assurance is critical or essential
to the core functionality of the software licensor because we do not sell the software license and standard warranty on a standalone basis
(which indicates that the customer cannot benefit from the software license and standard warranty on its own), the software license and
the standard warranty are not separately identifiable, the software license assurance warranty are inputs of a combined item in the contract,
the assurance warranty and software license are highly interdependent and interrelated because the core functionality of the license is
dependent on the assurance warranty, and our promise to provide the assurance warranty that is necessary for the software license to continue
to provide significant benefit to the customer. As a result, the software license and the accompanying third party delivered software
assurance are recognized as a single performance obligation. 

We leverage drop-ship shipments with many of our
partners and suppliers to deliver hardware and consumable products to our clients without having to physically hold the inventory at our
warehouses, thereby increasing efficiency and reducing costs. We recognize revenue for drop-ship arrangements on a gross basis as the
principal in the transaction when the product is received by the client because we control the product prior to transfer to the client.
We also assume primary responsibility for the fulfillment in the arrangement, we assume inventory risk if the product is returned by the
client, we set the price of the product charged to the client, we assume credit risk for nonpayment by our customer, and we work closely
with clients to determine their hardware specifications. 

Services - We provide services which include
consulting, staging, deployment, installation, repair and customer specified software customization. The arrangement is based on either
a time and material basis or a fixed fee. For our time and materials service contracts, we recognize revenues as those services are provided
and consumed, as this is the best output measure of how the services are transferred to the customer. Fixed fee contracts are recognized
in the period in which the services are performed or delivered using a proportional performance service model. Revenue is recognized on
a gross basis in the period in which the services are performed or delivered. 

Maintenance services - We sell certain
OEM hardware and software maintenance support arrangements to our clients. We also offer an internal maintenance agreement related to
hardware. These contracts are support service agreements for the hardware and/or software products that were acquired from us and others.
Although these are third-party support agreements for maintenance on the specific hardware and/or software products, our internal help
desk and systems engineers assist customers by providing technical assistance on the source of or how to fix the problem. In addition,
we also provide a turn back feature, deploying replacements as needed while we manage the return and reverse logistics of the product
back to the OEM. Revenue related to service contracts is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement, generally over one to three
years. 

26 

We act as the principal in the transaction as
the primary obligor for fulfillment in the arrangement, we set the price of the service charged to the customer, and we assume credit
risk for the amounts invoiced. In addition, we manage back-end warranties, service contracts and repairs for multiple products and suppliers.
We leverage our knowledge base of mobility best practices by consolidating multiple suppliers supplier s maintenance requirements
under a single point in contact through us. Our internal support team assists our customers first by performing an initial technical triage
to determine the source of the problem including, but not limited to, physical damage and software issues and whether they can be handled
remotely by the client or returned for repair. Further, we receive the returned products, confirm that the equipment is operational or
not, either repair or refurbish the equipment internally or return it to the manufacturer directly to repair. We then obtain the product
turn back from the manufacturer and either send it back out to a specific customer location or place in a customer s spare pool.
As a result, we recognize the revenue on a gross basis. 

We defer costs to acquire contracts, including
commissions, incentives and payroll taxes if they are incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a customer contract with a term exceeding
one year. Deferred contract costs are amortized to sales and marketing expense over the contract term, generally over one to three years.
We have elected to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a term of less than one year as a selling expense when
incurred. We include deferred contract acquisition costs in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Intangible Assets and Long-lived Assets 

We evaluate our intangible and long-lived assets
for impairment when events or circumstances arise that indicate intangible and long-lived assets may be impaired. Indicators of impairment
include, but are not limited to, a significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, a decline in the market capitalization, the
loss of significant business, or other significant adverse changes in industry or market conditions. Intangible assets with finite useful
lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives using an accelerated method to their estimated residual values, if any.
Our intangible assets consist of customer lists, customer relationships and trade names. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
price paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but tested for impairment at least annually and whenever
events or changes in circumstance indicate that carrying values may not be recoverable. We assess the impairment of goodwill annually
at each year-end and if indicators of impairment are present. 

Factors that we consider important that could
trigger an impairment assessment include, but not limited to, the following: 

significant
under-performance relative to historical and projected operating results; 

significant
changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or business strategy; and 

significant
negative industry or general economic trends. 

When performing the impairment review, we determine
the carrying amount of a reporting unit by assigning assets and liabilities, including the existing goodwill, to each reporting unit.
To evaluate whether goodwill is impaired, we compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to which the goodwill is assigned
to the reporting unit s carrying amount. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the amount of the impairment
loss will be recognized as the difference of the estimated fair value and the carrying value of the reporting unit under the new accounting
standard. 

Determining the fair value of a reporting unit
is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue
and expense growth rates, capital expenditures and the depreciation and amortization related to capital expenditures, changes in working
capital, discount rates, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions and the determination of appropriate comparable
companies. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making these estimates, actual future results related to assumed variables could
differ from these estimates. 

27 

Business Combinations 

We utilize the acquisition method of accounting
for business combinations and allocate the purchase price of an acquisition to the various tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. We primarily establish fair value using the income approach based upon a discounted
cash flow model. The income approach requires the use of many assumptions and estimates including future revenues and expenses, as well
as discount factors and income tax rates. Other estimates include: 

Estimated step-ups or write-downs for fixed assets and inventory; 

Estimated fair values of intangible assets; and 

Estimated liabilities assumed from the target 

While we use our best estimates and assumptions
as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the business acquisition
date, these estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the purchase price allocation
period, which is generally no more than one year from the business acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Business combinations also require us to estimate the useful life
of certain intangible assets that we acquire and this estimate requires significant judgment. 

Share-Based Compensation 

We account for share-based compensation in accordance
with the provisions of ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation . Under ASC 718, share-based compensation cost
is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service
period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). 

Share-based compensation expense recognized during
the period is based on the value of the portion of stock-based payment awards that is ultimately expected to vest during the period. Given
that stock-based compensation expense recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income is based
on awards ultimately expected to vest. We account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures. 

Compensation cost for stock awards, which from
time to time may include restricted stock units RSUs ), is measured at the fair value on the grant date and recognized as
expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the related service period. The fair value of stock awards is based on the estimated fair
value of our common stock on the grant date. 

The estimated fair value of common stock option
awards is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires subjective assumptions regarding future
stock price volatility and expected time to exercise, along with assumptions about the risk-free interest rate and expected dividends,
all of which affect the estimated fair values of our common stock option awards. Given a lack of historical stock option exercises, the
expected term of options granted is calculated as the average of the weighted vesting period and the contractual expiration date of the
option. This calculation is based on a method permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission in instances where the vesting and exercise
terms of options granted meet certain conditions and where limited historical exercise data is available. The expected volatility is based
on the historical volatility of the common stock of comparable public companies that operate in similar industries as us. 

The risk-free rate selected to value any particular
grant is based on the U.S. Treasury rate that corresponds to the expected term of the grant effective as of the date of the grant. The
expected dividend assumption is based on our history and management s expectation regarding dividend payouts. 

Compensation expense for common stock option awards
with graded vesting schedules is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the last separately vesting
portion of the award, provided that the accumulated cost recognized as of any date at least equals the value of the vested portion of
the award. 

If there are any modifications or cancellations
of the underlying vested or unvested stock-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining unearned stock-based
compensation expense, or record additional expense for vested stock-based awards. Future stock-based compensation expense and unearned
stock- based compensation may increase to the extent that we grant additional common stock options or other stock-based awards. 

ITEM 7A .
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for this reporting period and are not required
to provide the information required under this item. 

28 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Audited Annual Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing
separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Revenue Recognition 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of
control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange
for those products or services. The Company may enter into contracts to sell their products and services that contain non-standard terms
and conditions and multiple performance obligations. For such contracts, significant interpretation may be required to determine the appropriate
accounting, including the identification of all performance obligations, determination of when performance obligations are distinct and
when they should be combined, allocation of the transaction price among performance obligations in the arrangement, the timing of the
transfer of control of promised goods or services, and agent versus principal considerations. 

Our assessment of management s evaluation
of the appropriate accounting for revenue recognition is significant to our audit because the revenue amounts are material to the consolidated
financial statements, management s assessment process involves significant judgment, and the application of U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles in this area is complex. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the
Company s revenue recognition for customer contracts included the following: 

We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to revenue from contracts with customers for reasonableness and compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We tested management s identification of performance obligations and its assessment of whether or not the performance obligations are distinct. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and services and the allocation of the transaction price among the identified performance obligations. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the consolidated financial statements. 

We evaluated management s analysis of whether the Company is a principal (gross reporting of revenues) or an agent (net reporting of revenues) in its revenue transactions. 

We selected a sample of revenue transactions for each of the Company s significant revenue streams and obtained the related customer agreements and performed the following procedures: 

Obtained and read source documents for each selection, including master agreements, customer purchase orders, shipping documents, and other documentation that was part of the agreement. 

Tested management s identification and treatment of the key contract terms. 

Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of the Company s accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

Acquisition
of Advanced Mobile Group, LLC 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

On January 31, 2022, the Company closed its acquisition
of 100 of the members interest of Advanced Mobile Group, LLC AMG for net consideration of 5.1 million, including
an earn-out obligation (the Transaction ), as disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The transaction
is accounted for as a business combination and the Company allocated 2.6 million of the acquisition purchase price to definite-lived
intangible assets. 

Auditing management s allocation of the purchase
price to the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired from AMG involved especially subjective and complex judgements due to the
significant estimation required in determining the fair value of definite-lived intangible assets, including customer lists and relationships.
The significant estimations related to the definite-lived intangible assets involve projections of future cash flows, discount rates,
customer attrition rates, economic lives, and other factors. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to testing
management s estimate of the fair values of definite-lived intangible assets acquired from AMG included evaluating the valuation
methodology employed by the Company and testing the completeness and accuracy of key data supporting significant assumptions in the valuation
model. For example, we compared the forecasted customer attrition rates to historical sales turnover data, and we tested the reasonableness
of management s projected sales and gross margins data by analyzing them against historical performance. 

/s/ Haskell White LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2016. 

March 29, 2023 

F- 3 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Deferred costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred costs, net of current portion 

Deferred tax assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Long-term debt 

Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 4 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive
Income 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net sales: 

Product 

Service 

Net sales 

Cost of sales: 

Product 

Service 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expense 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest expense 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income and comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 

Earnings per share attributable to stockholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 5 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity 

(in thousands) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Share-based compensation expense 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock options 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Share-based compensation expense 

Exercise of stock options 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Cashless exercise of stock options 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements . 

F- 6 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and note discount 
 -

Loss on fixed asset disposal 
 
 -

Share-based compensation expense 

Acquisition earn-out adjustment 
 -

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Deferred income taxes, net 

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory, net 

Deferred costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets, net 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Due to related parties 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayment of term debt 

Line of credit, net 

Taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for share-based compensation 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Disposals of depreciated property and equipment 

Cashless exercise of stock options 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 7 

DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the outstanding
stock of Royce Digital Systems, Inc. RDS ). RDS provides innovative enterprise print and mobile technologies, deployment
services and on-site maintenance. 

of the issued
and outstanding membership interests of ExtenData Solutions, LLC ExtenData ). ExtenData is focused on enterprise mobility
solutions and provides software product development, mobile computing, identification and wireless tracking solutions. 

of the issued
and outstanding membership interests of Advanced Mobile Group, LLC AMG ). AMG provides services, hardware, software, integration,
and wireless networking solutions, with deep experience in warehousing and distribution, manufacturing, mobile workforce automation, retailing,
and healthcare segments. 

F- 8 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. When internal collection efforts on accounts have been exhausted, the accounts
are written off by reducing the allowance for doubtful accounts and the related customer receivable. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to . 

to . Leasehold
improvements are recorded at cost and amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the life of the improvements. Cost incurred for
repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization
of disposed assets are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in other income or expense. 

F- 9 

. Amortization of
the capitalized software is classified within cost of sales for services in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

million, of which approximately million is expected
to be recognized over the next 12 months. 

million, of which approximately million is expected
to be recognized over the next 12 months. 

F- 12 

to . 

. Deferred contract costs are amortized to sales and marketing expense over the contract term, generally over one to .
We have elected to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a term of less than one year as a selling expense when
incurred. We include deferred contract acquisition costs in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated
balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we deferred and , respectively, of related contract acquisition
costs. 

F- 13 

Consumables 

Services 

per depositor at each financial institution. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 on deposit in excess of the insurance limits. We have not experienced any such losses in these accounts. 

customers accounted for approximately
 and , or million and million, of our net sales. No single customer in 2022 accounted for more than of net sales.
Accounts receivable from one of these two customers at December 31, 2022 accounted for of total accounts receivable. 

suppliers that collectively represented of total purchases and of accounts payable at December 31, 2022. Loss of a
significant vendor could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

, or million, of our net sales. No other single customer in 2021 accounted for more than of net sales.
Accounts receivable from this one customer at December 31, 2021 accounted for of total accounts receivable. 

suppliers that collectively represented of total purchases and of accounts payable at December 31, 2021. Loss of a significant
vendor could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

F- 14 

likelihood of
being sustained. Additionally, ASC Topic 740 provides requirements for derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting
in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income
tax expense. 

F- 15 

million. The consideration we paid is comprised of cash of million, of which million was paid as of December 31, 2022,
and an estimated earn-out obligation valued at million, subject to the financial performance of AMG during each of the two years
following the closing of the acquisition. As a result of the acquisition, AMG became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Customer lists and relationships 

Trade name 

Backlog 

Developed technology 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred revenue 

Total fair value excluding goodwill 

Goodwill 

Total consideration 

F- 16 

years 
 
 Trade name 
 years 
 
 Backlog 
 months 
 
 Developed technology 
 years 

million. 

Trade names 

Developed technology 

Backlog 

-

-

- years 
 years 
 
 Trade names 
 years 
 years 
 
 Developed technology 
 years 
 years 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million and million, respectively. Amortization expense is calculated on an accelerated
basis. 

F- 17 

Weighted average basic shares outstanding 

Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock 

Weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share 

Basic income per share 

Diluted income per share 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Equipment 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

million and million, respectively. 

Accrued earn out obligation related to acquisitions 

Sales tax payable 

Professional fees 

Vendor purchases 

Customer deposits 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

F- 18 

million with our obligations being secured by a security interest in substantially all
of our assets. Loans extended to us under the Loan Agreement are scheduled to mature on . 

bear interest, at our option, at a base interest rate equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus or a base rate equal to an index offered by the Bank for the interest period selected and is payable at the on the last day
of each month commencing on August 31, 2021 at December 31, 2022). If the LIBOR rate is selected, the interest rate on the loans
adjusts at the end of each LIBOR rate period (1, 2, 3, 6, or 12 month term) selected by us. All other loan amounts bear interest at a
rate equal to an index rate determined by the Bank, which shall vary when the index rate changes. We have the right to prepay variable
interest rate loans, in whole or in part at any time, without penalty or premium. Amounts outstanding with a base interest rate may be
prepaid in whole or in part provided we have given the Bank written notice of at least five days prior to prepayment and pay a prepayment
fee. At any time prior to the maturity date, we may borrow, repay and reborrow amounts under the Loan Agreement, subject to the prepayment
terms, and as long as the total outstanding does not exceed million. The Loan Agreement requires a commitment fee of per year,
payable quarterly and in arrears, on any unused portion of the line of credit. 

The Loan Agreement also prohibits us from, or otherwise imposes
restrictions on us with respect to, among other things, liquidating, dissolving, entering into any consolidation, merger, division, partnership,
or other combination, selling or leasing a majority of our assets or business or purchase or lease all or the greater part of the assets
or business of another entity or person. 

million, and had no outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. 

Total term debt 

in connection
with a promissory note from the SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program pursuant to the CARES Act. Under
the terms of the EIDL promissory note, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at an interest rate of per annum and with a
term of years with equal monthly payments of principal and interest of beginning on August 27, 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum payments 

F- 19 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Valuation allowance 

Total income tax expense 

Inventory reserve and uniform capitalization 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Other assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles 

Goodwill 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 

State and local income taxes 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Effective tax rate 

million. As of December 31, 2021, we had federal and state net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. These loss carryforwards will expire in varying amounts
beginning 2033. 

total shares of stock.
Of this amount, shares are common stock, each having a par value of and shares are preferred stock, each
having a par value of . 

per share (the Common Stock that were outstanding at the time the Certificate of Amendment was filed (the Reverse
Stock Split ). 

million shares. 

and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. 

F- 21 

Warrants - Common Stock 

shares of common stock were issued. 

shares
of common stock were issued. 

shares of our common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2014 Plan (as adjusted for the Reverse
Stock Split). 

. Options shall
not have an exercise price less than of the fair market value of our common stock on the grant date, and generally vest over a period
of . If the individual possesses more than of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock, the exercise price
shall not be less than of the fair market of a share of common stock on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

1,902,337

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

F- 22 

Expected option term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility factor 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected annual dividend yield 

of
total unrecognized share-based compensation related to unvested stock options. These costs have a weighted average remaining recognition
period of years. 

represents the equivalent shares for employee tax withholding of million. The employee tax withholding is based on the statutory rates for each employee on the date of exercise. ASU 2016-09 clarifies that employee taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for share-based compensation should be considered similar to a share repurchase. Accordingly, employee taxes paid by us are recorded as a reduction to stockholders equity on the date of exercise and classified as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows when taxes are paid to the taxing authorities. 

per month which will increase annually. The lease expires
on . In connection with the new lease agreement, we entered into a sublease agreement for the Laguna Hills office and warehouse
location, and we will receive per month commencing in February 2022 with a sublease expiration of . 

,
lease expirations thru March 2024 and incremental borrowing rates of . These leases represent million of the estimated future
payments under operating leases shown in the table below. 

F- 23 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

million. 

. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we contributed and , respectively, to the 401(k) plan. 

million to million. The Amendment also
served to modify certain covenants in the original agreement. 

million promissory
note agreement, effective March 27, 2023, with the Bank. Principal and interest payments on this note are due in quarterly installments
of on the last day of each quarter commencing June 30, 2023, with an interest rate based on Term SOFR (secured overnight financing
rate) as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. This note matures March 31, 2028. 

F- 24 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a
company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its
principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on
the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated
under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial
officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the Company; 

Provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the Company; and 

Provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

29 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 framework)
(COSO). Based on its assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective
at the reasonable assurance level. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As we are a non-accelerated filer, our independent
registered public accounting firm is not required to issue an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no material changes in our internal
control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange
Act that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Effective March 27, 2023, the Company and
MUFG Union Bank, National Association (the Bank entered into an amendment letter (the Amendment that
served to amend certain terms of the Business Loan Agreement dated July 30, 2021 between the parties (the Loan
Agreement ). In connection with entering into the Amendment, the revolving line of credit available to the Company under
the Loan Agreement was increased from 9.0 million to 10.0 million. The Amendment also served to remove the covenants in the Loan
Agreement that previously required the Company to maintain a ratio of total debt to EBITDA of not greater than 3.0:1.0 measured at
the end of each quarter and not realize a net loss for more than two consecutive quarters. The Amendment added a new covenant that
requires the Company to maintain a fixed coverage ratio (as defined in the Amendment) of not less than 1.35: 1.00 to be measured as
of the end of each fiscal quarter, and also, added an obligation on the Company to prepare and deliver pro forma financial
information in the event the Company effects acquisitions having a purchase price of 1.5 million or greater. 

The Company also entered into a 5.0 million
promissory note agreement, effective March 27, 2023, with the Bank. Principal and interest payments on this note are due in quarterly
installments of 250,000 on the last day of each quarter commencing June 30, 2023, with an interest rate based on Term SOFR or the secured
overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. This note matures March 31, 2028. 

Item
9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

30 

PART III 

Items
10-14 

The information required by these Items will
be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement or an amendment to this Annual Report to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

31 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

We have filed the following documents as part
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13,
 2020) 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed on April 1, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement between DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and Steve Smith dated April 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

10.2 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement between DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and Steven Smith effective March 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

10.3 
 
 Second Amended Employment Agreement between DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and Steve Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement between the DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and Steven Smith dated March 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

10.5 
 
 Security Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, by and among DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Commercial Promissory Note, dated July 30, 2021, by and among DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021) 

32 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.7 
 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 8, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Award Agreement to 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020) 

10.9 
 
 EIDL Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020, and as amended) 

10.10 
 
 Membership Unit Purchase Agreement between DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and various sellers dated December 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 13, 2020, and as amended on December 18, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement between DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and various sellers dated January 31, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2022) 

10.12 
 
 Amendment to the DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2022) 

10.13 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, by and Among DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Second Amendment to the Business Loan Agreement dated July 29, 2021, dated March 27, 2023, by and Among DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, National Association 

10.15 
 
 Commercial Promissory Note 10.0 million), dated March 27, 2023, by and among DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, National Association 

10.16 
 
 Commercial Promissory Note 5.0 million), dated March 27, 2023, by and among DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, National Association 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Haskell White LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this report) 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Under the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report was signed on behalf of the Registrant by the authorized person named below. 

DECISIONPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Steve Smith 

Name: 
 Steve Smith 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Melinda Wohl 

Name: 
 Melinda Wohl 

Title: 
 Vice President Finance and Administration (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Steve Smith 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Steve Smith 

/s/ Stanley P. Jaworski 

March 29, 2023 
 
 Stanley P. Jaworski 
 
 Director 

/s/ Richard Bravman 

March 29, 2023 
 
 Richard Bravman 
 
 Director 

/s/ Michael N. Taglich 

March 29, 2023 
 
 Michael N. Taglich 
 
 Director 

/s/ John Guttilla 

March 29, 2023 
 
 John Guttilla 
 
 Director 

/s/ William M. Cooke 

March 29, 2023 
 
 William M. Cooke 
 
 Director 

34 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-14_decision.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT DATED JULY 29, 2021, DATED MARCH 27, 2023, BY AND AMONG DECISIONPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. AND MUFG UNION BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Exhibit 10.14 

MUFG
Union Bank, N.A. 

 Orange
County Middle Market 

 18300
Von Karman Ave. 

 Irvine,
CA 92612 

AMENDMENT
LETTER 

March
27, 2023 

DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc. 

 23456 S. Pointe Dr, Suite #A 

 Laguna Hills, CA 92653 

Obligor
No. 1912083539 

Re: Second
 Amendment Amendment to the Business Loan Agreement dated July 29, 2021 (as
 amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior
 to the date hereof, the Existing Agreement as amended by this Amendment, the
 Agreement ). 

Dear
Ms. Wohl: 

MUFG
Union Bank, N.A. Bank and DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. a Delaware Corporation Borrower desire to amend
the Existing Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein which are not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given them in the Agreement. 

In
consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1. Amendments
 to the Existing Agreement. 

(a)
 Section 4.1 of the Existing Agreement is hereby amended by adding Section 4.1 (d) as follows: 

Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio not less than 1.35:1.00 to be measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter. As used herein, the term Fixed
Charge Coverage Ratio Shall mean EBITDA less Taxes less Maintenance Capex less Distributio to sum of that portion of term obligations
(including principal and interest) which came due during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of calculation; 

(b)
 Section 4 of the Existing Agreement is hereby amended by adding Section 4.18 asf ollows: 

Should
the Loan be used for a potential acquisition and the purchase price is over One Million Five Hundread Thousand Dollars 1,500,000),
the borrower must submit a pro-forma statement in advance showing compliance and overall satisfactory metrics post acquisition; 

(c)
 Section 4.1 (b) of the Existing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Intentionally Omitted . 

(d)
 Section 4.1 (c) of the Existing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Intentionally Omitted . 

DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc. 

 March
27, 2023 

 Page
2 

Except
as specifically amended hereby, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. This Amendment
shall not constitute or deemed to be a waiver of any existing or future default or breach of a condition to covenant unless specified
herein. 

On
and as of the date hereof, each reference in the Existing Agreement to this Agreement, hereof, hereunder, 
 herein and hereby and each other similar reference, and each reference in any other Loan Document to the
Loan Agreement, thereof, thereunder, therein or thereby or any other similar
reference to the Existing Agreement shall refer to the Agreement. This Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. 

This
Amendment does not extinguish the obligations for the payment of money outstanding under the Existing Agreement or discharge or release
the obligations or the liens or priority of any mortgage, pledge, security agreement or any other security therefor. Nothing herein contained
shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing Agreement, the other Loan Documents
or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and effect, except as modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently
herewith. 

This
Amendment shall become effective when the Bank shall have received the acknowledgment copy of the Amendment executed by the Borrower
and the following executed documents and fee. 

10,000,000
Promissory Note 

10,000,000
Authorization to Disburse 

5,000,000
Promissory Note 

5,000,000
Authorization to Disburse 

10,000
Loan Fee 

This
document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same document. Delivery of a signature page to, or an executed counterpart of, this document by facsimile, email transmission
of a scanned image, or other electronic means, shall be effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. The words execution, 
 signed, signature, and words of like import in this document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures
or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity, or enforceability as a manually
executed signature or the use of a paper-based record keeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable
law, including, without limitation, Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, any other similar state laws based on
the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code, and the parties hereto hereby waive any objection to the contrary. 

This
Amendment is governed by, and is to be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Calfornia. Each provision of this Amendment
is severable from every other provision of this Amendment for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the day and
year first above written. 

Very
 truly yours, 

MUFG
 UNION BANK, N.A. 

By: 

Name: 
 Paul
 A. O Mara 

Title: 
 Managing
 Director 

2 

DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc. 

 March
27, 2023 

 Page
3 

Agreed to and Accepted: 

DECISIONPOINT SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Melinda
 Wohl 

Name: 
 Melinda
 Wohl 

Title: 
 Vice
 President Finance 

3 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-15_decision.htm
 COMMERCIAL PROMISSORY NOTE 10.0 MILLION), DATED MARCH 27, 2023, BY AND AMONG DECISIONPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. AND MUFG UNION BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Exhibit 10.15 

COMMERCIAL
PROMISSORY NOTE 
(BASE RATE) 

Debtor
 Name 
 
 DecisionPoint
 Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 
 Debtor
 Address 
 Office 
 Loan
 Number 
 
 23456 S. Pointe Dr, Suite #A 
 45064 
 191-208-353-9 
 
 Laguna Hills, CA 92653 
 Maturity
 Date 
 Amount 

July
 31, 2026 
 
 10,000,000.00 

Date March 27, 2023 
 
 10,000,000.00 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, on July 31, 2026 , the undersigned Debtor promises to pay to the order of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. Bank ),
as indicated below, the principal sum of Ten million and 00/100ths Dollars 10,000,000.00 ), or so much thereof as is disbursed,
together with interest on the balance of such principal from time to time outstanding, at the per annum rate or rates and at the times
set forth below. 

1. INTEREST
PAYMENTS. Debtor shall pay interest on the last day of each month
commencing April 30, 2023 . Should interest not be paid when due, it shall become part of the principal and bear interest as
herein provided. All computations of interest under this note shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days, for actual days
elapsed. Whenever any payment required hereunder falls due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the
first succeeding Business Day. 

a.
BASE INTEREST RATE. At Debtor s option, amounts outstanding hereunder in minimum
amounts of 150,000 shall bear interest at a rate, based on an index selected by Debtor, which is 2.5 per annum in excess of
Term SOFR for the Interest Period selected by Debtor, to the extent that the length of such Interest Period is acceptable to Bank. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if an Interest Rate Hedge is outstanding, then Debtor shall be deemed to have selected Term SOFR with an Interest Period
selected by Debtor. 

No
Base Interest Rate may be changed, altered or otherwise modified until the expiration of the Interest Period selected by Debtor. The
exercise of interest rate options by Debtor shall be as recorded in Bank s records, which records shall be prima facie evidence of the
amount borrowed under either interest option and the interest rate; provided, however, that failure of Bank to make any such notation
in its records shall not discharge Debtor from its obligations to repay in full with interest all amounts borrowed. In no event shall
any Interest Period extend beyond the maturity date of this note. 

To
exercise this option, Debtor may, from time to time with respect to principal outstanding on which a Base Interest Rate is not accruing,
and on the expiration of any Interest Period with respect to principal outstanding on which a Base Interest Rate has been accruing, select
an index offered by Bank for a Base Interest Rate Loan and an Interest Period by telephoning an authorized lending officer of Bank located
at the banking office identified below prior to 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, on any Business Day and advising that officer of the selected
index, the Interest Period and the Origination Date selected (which Origination Date, for a Base Interest Rate Loan based on Term SOFR,
shall follow the date of such selection by three (3) USGSBDs. 

Bank
will mail a written confirmation of the terms of the selection to Debtor promptly after the selection is made. Failure to send such confirmation
shall not affect Bank s rights to collect interest at the rate selected. If, on the date of the selection, the index selected is unavailable
for any reason, the selection shall be void. Bank reserves the right to fund the principal from any source of funds notwithstanding any
Base Interest Rate selected by Debtor. 

- 1 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

b. VARIABLE
INTEREST RATE. All principal outstanding hereunder which is not bearing interest
at a Base Interest Rate shall bear interest at the Reference Rate, which rate shall vary as and when the Reference Rate changes. 

Subject
to the provisions set forth in Exhibit A, if any interest rate defined in this note ceases to be available from Bank for any reason,
then said interest rate shall be replaced by the rate (together with any spread adjustment, if applicable) selected by Bank in its sole
discretion (the Replacement Rate ). 

Subject
to the provisions set forth in Exhibit A, notwithstanding anything contained in this note, if Bank determines that adequate and reasonable
means do not exist for ascertaining Term SOFR or Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to Bank of funding a loan,
then Bank shall give Debtor notice thereof, and Bank shall be under no obligation to maintain the relevant loan as a Term SOFR based
loan, and the relevant loan shall be continued bearing interest at the Replacement Rate (plus any applicable margin or spread as set
forth in this note) and payable at the end of each calendar month or as otherwise may be agreed by Bank and Debtor. Bank will have the
right to make any changes Term SOFR Conforming Changes to the note that Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the
use and administration Term SOFR by Bank from time to time and any amendments implementing such Term SOFR Conforming Changes will become
effective without any further action or consent of Debtor. 

The provisions
set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto are made a part hereof and shall apply to this note. 

At
any time prior to the maturity date of this note, subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 below, Debtor may borrow, repay and reborrow
hereunder so long as the total outstanding at any one time does not exceed the principal amount of this note. 

Debtor
shall pay all amounts due under this note in lawful money of the United States at Bank s P.O. Box 30115,
Los Angeles, CA 90030-0115 Office, or such other office as may be designated by Bank, from time to time. 

2. LATE PAYMENTS. If
any payment required by the terms of this note shall remain unpaid ten days after same is due, at the option of Bank, Debtor shall pay
a fee of 100 to Bank. 

3. INTEREST RATE FOLLOWING DEFAULT. In
the event of default, at the option of Bank, and, to the extent permitted by law, interest shall be payable on the outstanding principal
under this note at a per annum rate equal to five percent (5 in excess of the interest rate specified in paragraph 1.b, above, calculated
from the date of default until all amounts payable under this note are paid in full. 

4. PREPAYMENT. 

a. Amounts
outstanding under this note bearing interest at a rate based on the Reference Rate may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, without
penalty or premium. Debtor may prepay amounts outstanding under this note bearing interest at a Base Interest Rate in whole or in part
provided Debtor has given Bank not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice of Debtor s intention to make such prepayment
and pays to Bank the prepayment fee due as a result. The prepayment fee shall also be paid, if Bank, for any other reason, including
acceleration or foreclosure, receives all or any portion of principal bearing interest at a Base Interest Rate prior to its scheduled
payment date. The prepayment fee shall be an amount equal to the present value of the product of: (i) the difference (but not less than
zero) between (a) the Base Interest Rate applicable to the principal amount which is being prepaid, and (b) the return which Bank could
obtain if it used the amount of such prepayment of principal to purchase at bid price regularly quoted securities issued by the United
States having a maturity date most closely coinciding with the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date and such securities were held by Bank
until the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date Yield Rate ); (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in
the period between the date of prepayment and the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date and the denominator of which is 360; and (iii) the
amount of the principal so prepaid (except in the event that principal payments are required and have been made as scheduled under the
terms of the Base Interest Rate Loan being prepaid, then an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the amount prepaid or (B) 50 of the sum
of (1) the amount prepaid and (2) the amount of principal scheduled under the terms of the Base Interest Rate Loan being prepaid to be
outstanding at the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date). Present value under this note is determined by discounting the above product
to present value using the Yield Rate as the annual discount factor. 

- 2 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

b. In
no event shall Bank be obligated to make any payment or refund to Debtor, nor shall Debtor be entitled to any setoff or other claim against
Bank, should the return which Bank could obtain under this prepayment formula exceed the interest that Bank would have received if no
prepayment had occurred. All prepayments shall include payment of accrued interest on the principal amount so prepaid and shall be applied
to payment of interest before application to principal. A determination by Bank as to the prepayment fee amount, if any, shall be conclusive. 

c. Bank
shall provide Debtor a statement of the amount payable on account of prepayment. Debtor acknowledges that (i) Bank establishes a Base
Interest Rate upon the understanding that it will apply to the Base Interest Rate Loan for the entire Interest Period, and (ii) Bank
would not lend to Debtor without Debtor s express agreement to pay Bank the prepayment fee described above. 

d. If
Debtor has entered into an Interest Rate Hedge, Debtor acknowledges and agrees that (i) Bank (or its affiliate) has the right, but not
the obligation, under the Swap Documents (defined below) governing such Interest Rate Hedge, to compel an early termination, in full
or in part, of such Interest Rate Hedge as a result of any unscheduled prepayment under this note, (ii) any such early termination may
result in payment obligations (which may be substantial in amount) being owed by Debtor to Bank (or any affiliate of Bank) as early termination,
close-out or settlement amounts, which amounts shall be determined in accordance with the Swap Documents governing such Interest Rate
Hedge and shall be in addition to any prepayment fee and other charges specified herein, and (iii) if such full or partial early termination
of the Interest Rate Hedge results in an amount owing by Bank or its affiliate to Debtor, then Bank may in its discretion apply such
amount to prepayment of principal hereunder, together with accrued interest on such principal and any resulting prepayment fee. Debtor
further acknowledges and agrees that neither Bank nor any of its affiliates is under any obligation to enter into Interest Rate Hedges
with Debtor and that such Interest Rate Hedges will be governed by documentation separate from this note. 

D ebtor I nitials
 H ere : ________ ________ ________ ________ ________ ________ 

5. DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION
OF TIME FOR PAYMENT. Default shall include, but not be limited to, any of the
following: (a) the failure of Debtor to make any payment required under this note when due; (b) any breach, misrepresentation or other
default by Debtor, any guarantor, co-maker, endorser, or any person or entity other than Debtor providing security for this note (hereinafter
individually and collectively referred to as the Obligor under any security agreement, guaranty or other agreement between
Bank and any Obligor, together with and including any document or agreement evidencing or governing any Interest Rate Hedge, or any other
swap, option, forward or similar transaction entered into between Debtor and Bank or any affiliate of Bank Swap Document );
(c) the insolvency of any Obligor or the failure of any Obligor generally to pay such Obligor s debts as such debts become due; (d) the
commencement as to any Obligor of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding under any laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
arrangement, debt adjustment or debtor relief; (e) the assignment by any Obligor for the benefit of such Obligor s creditors; (f) the
appointment, or commencement of any proceeding for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or similar official for all or substantially
all of any Obligor s property; (g) the commencement of any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of any Obligor; (h) the termination
of existence or death of any Obligor; (i) the revocation of any guaranty or subordination agreement given in connection with this note;
(j) the failure of any Obligor to comply with any order, judgement, injunction, decree, writ or demand of any court or other public authority;
(k) the filing or recording against any Obligor, or the property of any Obligor, of any notice of levy, notice to withhold, or other
legal process for taxes other than property taxes; (l) the default by any Obligor personally liable for amounts owed hereunder on any
obligation concerning the borrowing of money; (m) the issuance against any Obligor, or the property of any Obligor, of any writ of attachment,
execution, or other judicial lien; or (n) the deterioration of the financial condition of any Obligor which results in Bank deeming itself,
in good faith, insecure. Upon the occurrence of any such default, Bank, in its discretion, may cease to advance funds hereunder and may
declare all obligations under this note immediately due and payable; however, upon the occurrence of an event of default under d, e,
f, or g, all principal and interest hereunder shall automatically become immediately due and payable. 

- 3 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

6. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS OF DEBTOR. If
any amounts owing under this note are not paid when due, Debtor promises to pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys 
fees, (including the allocated costs of Bank s in-house counsel and legal staff) incurred by Bank in the negotiation, documentation and
modification of this note and all related documents and in the collection or enforcement of any amount outstanding hereunder. Debtor
and any Obligor, for the maximum period of time and the full extent permitted by law, (a) waive diligence, presentment, demand, notice
of nonpayment, protest, notice of protest, and notice of every kind; (b) waive the right to assert the defense of any statute of limitations
to any debt or obligation hereunder; and (c) consent to renewals and extensions of time for the payment of any amounts due under this
note. If this note is signed by more than one party, the term Debtor includes each of the undersigned and any successors
in interest thereof; all of whose liability shall be joint and several. Any married person who signs this note agrees that recourse may
be had against the separate property of that person for any obligations hereunder. The receipt of any check or other item of payment
by Bank, at its option, shall not be considered a payment on account until such check or other item of payment is honored when presented
for payment at the drawee bank. Bank may delay the credit of such payment based upon Bank s schedule of funds availability, and interest
under this note shall accrue until the funds are deemed collected. In any action brought under or arising out of this note, Debtor and
any Obligor, including their successors and assigns, hereby consent to the jurisdiction of any competent court within the State of California,
as provided in any alternative dispute resolution agreement executed between Debtor and Bank, and consent to service of process by any
means authorized by said state s law. The term Bank includes, without limitation, any holder of this note. This note shall
be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California. This note hereby incorporates any alternative dispute
resolution agreement previously, concurrently or hereafter executed between Debtor and Bank, other than any such provision contained
in a Swap Document. 

7. DEFINITIONS. As
used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings respectively set forth below (and any capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on Exhibit A): 

Base Interest Rate means
a rate of interest based on Term SOFR. 

Base Interest Rate Loan means
amounts outstanding under this note that bear interest at a Base Interest Rate. 

Base Rate Maturity Date means
the last day of the Interest Period with respect to principal outstanding under a Base Interest Rate Loan. 

Business Day means
a day on which Bank is open for business for the funding of corporate loans. 

Floor means
a per annum rate of interest equal to 0 . 

Interest Period means
with respect to funds bearing interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, any 1, 3, or 6 months; provided , that any such tenor shall
not be available to the extent that Bank has deemed such tenor to be unavailable, undeterminable or non-representative. In determining
an Interest Period, a month means a period that starts on one Business Day in a month and ends on and includes the day preceding the
numerically corresponding day in the next month. For any month in which there is no such numerically corresponding day, then as to that
month, such day shall be deemed to be the last calendar day of such month. Any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a non-Business
Day shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless that day falls in a new calendar month, in which event such Interest Period
shall end on the next preceding Business Day. 

Interest Rate Hedge means
any interest rate swap, forward swap or swaption, or interest rate cap or collar transaction now or hereafter entered into between Debtor
and Bank or any affiliate of Bank for purposes of hedging or mitigating, fully or partially, interest rate risk under this note. 

Origination Date means
the first day of the Interest Period. 

Reference Rate means
the rate announced by Bank from time to time at its corporate headquarters as its Reference Rate. The Reference Rate is an index rate
determined by Bank from time to time as a means of pricing certain extensions of credit and is neither directly tied to any external
rate of interest or index nor necessarily the lowest rate of interest charged by Bank at any given time. 

- 4 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

SOFR means
a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

Term SOFR means
the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Term SOFR Determination
Day that is two (2) USGSBDs prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator;
 provided , however , that (x) if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate
for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding USGSBD for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for
such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding USGSBD is not more than three (3) USGSBDs prior
to such Term SOFR Determination Day and (y) if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to clause (x) of this proviso)
shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Term SOFR Administrator means
CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by Bank in its
reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Determination Day 
 shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the definition of Term SOFR . 

Term SOFR Reference Rate means
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

USGSBD means
any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

8. COUNTERPARTS/ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. 
 This document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Delivery of a signature page to, or an executed
counterpart of, this document by facsimile, email transmission of a scanned image, or other electronic means, shall be effective as delivery
of an originally executed counterpart. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of
like import in this document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which
shall be of the same legal effect, validity, or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based record keeping
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial
Code, and the parties hereto hereby waive any objection to the contrary. 

DEBTOR: 

DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Melinda Wohl 

Name: 
 Melinda Wohl 

Title: 
 Vice President Finance 

- 5 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

Exhibit A 

BENCHMARK REPLACEMENT SETTING 

The
following provisions of this Exhibit A (this Exhibit shall be effective notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
note to which this Exhibit is attached (the Note or in any other document related to the Note (and any Swap Document shall
be deemed not to be a document related to the Note for purposes of this Exhibit). Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note. 

(a)
 BENCHMARK REPLACEMENT . Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, Bank may amend this Note to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to
a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after Bank has posted such proposed amendment to Debtor. Bank will have the right to make any changes Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes to the Note that Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of
any such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Bank from time to time and any amendments implementing such
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of Debtor. 

(b)
 STANDARDS . Any determination, decision or election that may be made
by Bank pursuant to this Exhibit, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest
error and may be made in Bank s sole discretion and without consent from Debtor. Bank does not warrant or accept responsibility
for, and shall not have any liability to Debtor under the Note or otherwise for, any loss, damage or claim arising from or relating to
(i) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Benchmark, any component
definition thereof or rates referenced in the definition thereof or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including
any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate
(including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume
or liquidity as, the Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, (ii) the effect or implementation
of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or Term SOFR Conforming Changes or (iii) any mismatch between the Benchmark or the Benchmark
Replacement and any of Debtor s other financing instruments (including those that are intended as hedges). 

(c)
 CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS . As used in this Exhibit: 

Available Tenor 
 means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current
Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the
length of an interest period pursuant to the Note or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such
Benchmark that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark,
in each case, as of such date. 

Benchmark 
 means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark
Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has become effective pursuant to this Exhibit. 

Benchmark Replacement means,
with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by Bank as the
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, in each case,
if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero or such other floor as set forth in the Note, such Benchmark
Replacement will be deemed to be zero or such other floor as set forth in the Note for the purposes of the Note and the other loan
documents related thereto. 

A- 1 Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current
Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Bank. 

Benchmark Transition
Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, a public statement
or publication of information: (a) by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased
or will cease to provide such Benchmark, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue
to provide such Benchmark or such Available Tenors, (b) by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark has
ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue
to provide such Benchmark or such Available Tenors, or (c) by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark announcing that such Benchmark is, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are, not, or
as a specified future date will not be, representative. 

Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the
related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

A-2 Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-16_decision.htm
 COMMERCIAL PROMISSORY NOTE 5.0 MILLION), DATED MARCH 27, 2023, BY AND AMONG DECISIONPOINT SYSTEMS, INC. AND MUFG UNION BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

Exhibit
10.16 

COMMERCIAL
 PROMISSORY NOTE 

 (BASE
RATE) 

Debtor Name 
 DecisionPoint Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
 
 Debtor Address 
 23456 S. Pointe Dr, Suite #A 
 Laguna Hills, CA 92653 
 Office 
 45064 
 Loan Number 
 191-208-353-9 
 
 Maturity Date 
 March 31, 2028 
 Amount 
 5,000,000.00 

Date March 27, 2023 
 5,000,000.00 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, on March 31, 2028 , the undersigned Debtor promises to pay to the order of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. Bank ), as indicated below, the principal sum of Five Million and 00/100ths Dollars 5,000,000.00 ), or so
much thereof as is disbursed, together with interest on the balance of such principal from time to time outstanding, at the per annum
rate or rates and at the times set forth below. 

1.
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYMENTS. Debtor shall pay principal in installments of 250,000.00 each on the last day
of each quarter commencing June 30, 2023 . Debtor shall pay interest on the last day of each month commencing April 30,
2023 . Should interest not be paid when due, it shall become part of the principal and bear interest as herein provided. All computations
of interest under this note shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days, for actual days elapsed. Whenever any payment required
hereunder falls due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the first succeeding Business Day. The availability
under this note shall be reduced on the same day and in the same amount as each scheduled principal payment. 

a.
BASE INTEREST RATE. At Debtor s option, amounts outstanding hereunder in minimum amounts of 150,000 shall bear interest at a rate,
based on an index selected by Debtor, which is 2.5 per annum in excess of Term SOFR for the Interest Period selected by Debtor,
to the extent that the length of such Interest Period is acceptable to Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Interest Rate Hedge
is outstanding, then Debtor shall be deemed to have selected Term SOFR with an Interest Period selected by Debtor. 

No
Base Interest Rate may be changed, altered or otherwise modified until the expiration of the Interest Period selected by Debtor. The
exercise of interest rate options by Debtor shall be as recorded in Bank s records, which records shall be prima facie evidence of the
amount borrowed under either interest option and the interest rate; provided, however, that failure of Bank to make any such notation
in its records shall not discharge Debtor from its obligations to repay in full with interest all amounts borrowed. In no event shall
any Interest Period extend beyond the maturity date of this note. 

To
exercise this option, Debtor may, from time to time with respect to principal outstanding on which a Base Interest Rate is not accruing,
and on the expiration of any Interest Period with respect to principal outstanding on which a Base Interest Rate has been accruing, select
an index offered by Bank for a Base Interest Rate Loan and an Interest Period by telephoning an authorized lending officer of Bank located
at the banking office identified below prior to 10:00 a.m., Pacific time, on any Business Day and advising that officer of the selected
index, the Interest Period and the Origination Date selected (which Origination Date, for a Base Interest Rate Loan based on Term SOFR,
shall follow the date of such selection by three (3) USGSBDs. 

Bank
will mail a written confirmation of the terms of the selection to Debtor promptly after the selection is made. Failure to send such confirmation
shall not affect Bank s rights to collect interest at the rate selected. If, on the date of the selection, the index selected is unavailable
for any reason, the selection shall be void. Bank reserves the right to fund the principal from any source of funds notwithstanding any
Base Interest Rate selected by Debtor. 

- 1 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

b.
VARIABLE INTEREST RATE. All principal outstanding hereunder which is not bearing interest at a Base Interest Rate shall bear interest
at the Reference Rate, which rate shall vary as and when the Reference Rate changes. 

Subject
to the provisions set forth in Exhibit A, if any interest rate defined in this note ceases to be available from Bank for any reason,
then said interest rate shall be replaced by the rate (together with any spread adjustment, if applicable) selected by Bank in its sole
discretion (the Replacement Rate ). 

Subject
to the provisions set forth in Exhibit A, notwithstanding anything contained in this note, if Bank determines that adequate and reasonable
means do not exist for ascertaining Term SOFR or Term SOFR does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to Bank of funding a loan,
then Bank shall give Debtor notice thereof, and Bank shall be under no obligation to maintain the relevant loan as a Term SOFR based
loan, and the relevant loan shall be continued bearing interest at the Replacement Rate (plus any applicable margin or spread as set
forth in this note) and payable at the end of each calendar month or as otherwise may be agreed by Bank and Debtor. Bank will have the
right to make any changes Term SOFR Conforming Changes to the note that Bank decides may be appropriate to reflect the
use and administration Term SOFR by Bank from time to time and any amendments implementing such Term SOFR Conforming Changes will become
effective without any further action or consent of Debtor. 

The
provisions set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto are made a part hereof and shall apply to this note. 

Debtor
shall pay all amounts due under this note in lawful money of the United States at Bank s P.O. Box 30115, Los Angeles, CA 90030-0115
 Office, or such other office as may be designated by Bank, from time to time. 

2.
LATE PAYMENTS. If any payment required by the terms of this note shall remain unpaid ten days after same is due, at the option of
Bank, Debtor shall pay a fee of 100 to Bank. 

3.
INTEREST RATE FOLLOWING DEFAULT. In the event of default, at the option of Bank, and, to the extent permitted by law, interest shall
be payable on the outstanding principal under this note at a per annum rate equal to five percent (5 in excess of the interest rate
specified in paragraph 1.b, above, calculated from the date of default until all amounts payable under this note are paid in full. 

4.
PREPAYMENT. 

a.
 Amounts outstanding under this note bearing interest at a rate based on the Reference Rate may be prepaid in whole or in part at
any time, without penalty or premium. Debtor may prepay amounts outstanding under this note bearing interest at a Base Interest Rate
in whole or in part provided Debtor has given Bank not less than five (5) Business Days prior written notice of Debtor s intention to
make such prepayment and pays to Bank the prepayment fee due as a result. The prepayment fee shall also be paid, if Bank, for any other
reason, including acceleration or foreclosure, receives all or any portion of principal bearing interest at a Base Interest Rate prior
to its scheduled payment date. The prepayment fee shall be an amount equal to the present value of the product of: (i) the difference
(but not less than zero) between (a) the Base Interest Rate applicable to the principal amount which is being prepaid, and (b) the return
which Bank could obtain if it used the amount of such prepayment of principal to purchase at bid price regularly quoted securities issued
by the United States having a maturity date most closely coinciding with the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date and such securities were
held by Bank until the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date Yield Rate ); (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
of days in the period between the date of prepayment and the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date and the denominator of which is 360; and
(iii) the amount of the principal so prepaid (except in the event that principal payments are required and have been made as scheduled
under the terms of the Base Interest Rate Loan being prepaid, then an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the amount prepaid or (B) 50 
of the sum of (1) the amount prepaid and (2) the amount of principal scheduled under the terms of the Base Interest Rate Loan being prepaid
to be outstanding at the relevant Base Rate Maturity Date). Present value under this note is determined by discounting the above product
to present value using the Yield Rate as the annual discount factor. 

- 2 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

b.
 In no event shall Bank be obligated to make any payment or refund to Debtor, nor shall Debtor be entitled to any setoff or other
claim against Bank, should the return which Bank could obtain under this prepayment formula exceed the interest that Bank would have
received if no prepayment had occurred. All prepayments shall include payment of accrued interest on the principal amount so prepaid
and shall be applied to payment of interest before application to principal. A determination by Bank as to the prepayment fee amount,
if any, shall be conclusive. In the event of partial prepayment, such prepayments shall be applied to principal payments in the inverse
order of their maturity. 

c.
 Bank shall provide Debtor a statement of the amount payable on account of prepayment. Debtor acknowledges that (i) Bank establishes
a Base Interest Rate upon the understanding that it will apply to the Base Interest Rate Loan for the entire Interest Period, and (ii)
Bank would not lend to Debtor without Debtor s express agreement to pay Bank the prepayment fee described above. 

d.
 If Debtor has entered into an Interest Rate Hedge, Debtor acknowledges and agrees that (i) Bank (or its affiliate) has the right,
but not the obligation, under the Swap Documents (defined below) governing such Interest Rate Hedge, to compel an early termination,
in full or in part, of such Interest Rate Hedge as a result of any unscheduled prepayment under this note, (ii) any such early termination
may result in payment obligations (which may be substantial in amount) being owed by Debtor to Bank (or any affiliate of Bank) as early
termination, close-out or settlement amounts, which amounts shall be determined in accordance with the Swap Documents governing such
Interest Rate Hedge and shall be in addition to any prepayment fee and other charges specified herein, and (iii) if such full or partial
early termination of the Interest Rate Hedge results in an amount owing by Bank or its affiliate to Debtor, then Bank may in its discretion
apply such amount to prepayment of principal hereunder, together with accrued interest on such principal and any resulting prepayment
fee. Debtor further acknowledges and agrees that neither Bank nor any of its affiliates is under any obligation to enter into Interest
Rate Hedges with Debtor and that such Interest Rate Hedges will be governed by documentation separate from this note. 

Debtor
Initials Here: __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ __________ 

5.
DEFAULT AND ACCELERATION OF TIME FOR PAYMENT. Default shall include, but not be limited to, any of the following: (a) the failure
of Debtor to make any payment required under this note when due; (b) any breach, misrepresentation or other default by Debtor, any guarantor,
co-maker, endorser, or any person or entity other than Debtor providing security for this note (hereinafter individually and collectively
referred to as the Obligor under any security agreement, guaranty or other agreement between Bank and any Obligor, together
with and including any document or agreement evidencing or governing any Interest Rate Hedge, or any other swap, option, forward or similar
transaction entered into between Debtor and Bank or any affiliate of Bank Swap Document ); (c) the insolvency of any Obligor
or the failure of any Obligor generally to pay such Obligor s debts as such debts become due; (d) the commencement as to any Obligor
of any voluntary or involuntary proceeding under any laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, debt adjustment
or debtor relief; (e) the assignment by any Obligor for the benefit of such Obligor s creditors; (f) the appointment, or commencement
of any proceeding for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or similar official for all or substantially all of any Obligor s
property; (g) the commencement of any proceeding for the dissolution or liquidation of any Obligor; (h) the termination of existence
or death of any Obligor; (i) the revocation of any guaranty or subordination agreement given in connection with this note; (j) the failure
of any Obligor to comply with any order, judgement, injunction, decree, writ or demand of any court or other public authority; (k) the
filing or recording against any Obligor, or the property of any Obligor, of any notice of levy, notice to withhold, or other legal process
for taxes other than property taxes; (l) the default by any Obligor personally liable for amounts owed hereunder on any obligation concerning
the borrowing of money; (m) the issuance against any Obligor, or the property of any Obligor, of any writ of attachment, execution, or
other judicial lien; or (n) the deterioration of the financial condition of any Obligor which results in Bank deeming itself, in good
faith, insecure. Upon the occurrence of any such default, Bank, in its discretion, may cease to advance funds hereunder and may declare
all obligations under this note immediately due and payable; however, upon the occurrence of an event of default under d, e, f, or g,
all principal and interest hereunder shall automatically become immediately due and payable. 

- 3 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

6.
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS OF DEBTOR. If any amounts owing under this note are not paid when due, Debtor promises to pay all costs and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, (including the allocated costs of Bank s in-house counsel and legal staff) incurred by
Bank in the negotiation, documentation and modification of this note and all related documents and in the collection or enforcement of
any amount outstanding hereunder. Debtor and any Obligor, for the maximum period of time and the full extent permitted by law, (a) waive
diligence, presentment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest, notice of protest, and notice of every kind; (b) waive the right to assert
the defense of any statute of limitations to any debt or obligation hereunder; and (c) consent to renewals and extensions of time for
the payment of any amounts due under this note. If this note is signed by more than one party, the term Debtor includes each
of the undersigned and any successors in interest thereof; all of whose liability shall be joint and several. Any married person who
signs this note agrees that recourse may be had against the separate property of that person for any obligations hereunder. The receipt
of any check or other item of payment by Bank, at its option, shall not be considered a payment on account until such check or other
item of payment is honored when presented for payment at the drawee bank. Bank may delay the credit of such payment based upon Bank s
schedule of funds availability, and interest under this note shall accrue until the funds are deemed collected. In any action brought
under or arising out of this note, Debtor and any Obligor, including their successors and assigns, hereby consent to the jurisdiction
of any competent court within the State of California, as provided in any alternative dispute resolution agreement executed between Debtor
and Bank, and consent to service of process by any means authorized by said state s law. The term Bank includes, without
limitation, any holder of this note. This note shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California.
This note hereby incorporates any alternative dispute resolution agreement previously, concurrently or hereafter executed between Debtor
and Bank, other than any such provision contained in a Swap Document. 

7.
DEFINITIONS. As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings respectively set forth below (and any capitalized terms
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms on Exhibit A): 

Base
Interest Rate means a rate of interest based on Term SOFR. 

Base
Interest Rate Loan means amounts outstanding under this note that bear interest at a Base Interest Rate. 

Base
Rate Maturity Date means the last day of the Interest Period with respect to principal outstanding under a Base Interest Rate
Loan. 

Business
Day means a day on which Bank is open for business for the funding of corporate loans. 

Floor 
means a per annum rate of interest equal to 0 . 

Interest
Period means with respect to funds bearing interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, any 1, 3, or 6 months; provided , that
any such tenor shall not be available to the extent that Bank has deemed such tenor to be unavailable, undeterminable or non-representative.
In determining an Interest Period, a month means a period that starts on one Business Day in a month and ends on and includes the day
preceding the numerically corresponding day in the next month. For any month in which there is no such numerically corresponding day,
then as to that month, such day shall be deemed to be the last calendar day of such month. Any Interest Period which would otherwise
end on a non-Business Day shall end on the next succeeding Business Day unless that day falls in a new calendar month, in which event
such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day. 

Interest
Rate Hedge means any interest rate swap, forward swap or swaption, or interest rate cap or collar transaction now or hereafter
entered into between Debtor and Bank or any affiliate of Bank for purposes of hedging or mitigating, fully or partially, interest rate
risk under this note. 

Origination
Date means the first day of the Interest Period. 

Reference
Rate means the rate announced by Bank from time to time at its corporate headquarters as its Reference Rate. The Reference
Rate is an index rate determined by Bank from time to time as a means of pricing certain extensions of credit and is neither directly
tied to any external rate of interest or index nor necessarily the lowest rate of interest charged by Bank at any given time. 

SOFR 
means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

- 4 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate). 

Term
SOFR means the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the
 Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) USGSBDs prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate
is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however , that (x) if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any
Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator,
then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding
USGSBD for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding
USGSBD is not more than three (3) USGSBDs prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day and (y) if Term SOFR determined as provided above
(including pursuant to clause (x) of this proviso) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference
Rate selected by Bank in its reasonable discretion). 

Term
SOFR Determination Day shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the definition of Term SOFR . 

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

USGSBD 
means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

8.
COUNTERPARTS/ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. This document may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Delivery of a signature page to, or an executed counterpart of,
this document by facsimile, email transmission of a scanned image, or other electronic means, shall be effective as delivery of an originally
executed counterpart. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this
document shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the
same legal effect, validity, or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based record keeping system, as
the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including, without limitation, Electronic Signatures in Global
and National Commerce Act, any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or the Uniform Commercial Code,
and the parties hereto hereby waive any objection to the contrary. 

DEBTOR: 

DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Melinda Wohl 

Name: 
 Melinda Wohl 

Title: 
 Vice President Finance 

- 5 - Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

Exhibit
A 

BENCHMARK
REPLACEMENT SETTING 

The
following provisions of this Exhibit A (this Exhibit shall be effective notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
note to which this Exhibit is attached (the Note or in any other document related to the Note (and any Swap Document shall
be deemed not to be a document related to the Note for purposes of this Exhibit). Capitalized terms used in this Exhibit A and not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note. 

(a)
 BENCHMARK REPLACEMENT . Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Bank may amend this Note to replace the then-current
Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00
p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after Bank has posted such proposed amendment to Debtor. Bank will
have the right to make any changes Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to the Note that Bank decides may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by Bank from time
to time and any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action
or consent of Debtor. 

(b)
 STANDARDS . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Bank pursuant to this Exhibit, including any determination
with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non- occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision
to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in Bank s sole
discretion and without consent from Debtor. Bank does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability to Debtor
under the Note or otherwise for, any loss, damage or claim arising from or relating to (i) the continuation of, administration of, submission
of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referenced in the definition
thereof or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition
or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or
produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Benchmark or any other Benchmark prior
to its discontinuance or unavailability, (ii) the effect or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or Term SOFR
Conforming Changes or (iii) any mismatch between the Benchmark or the Benchmark Replacement and any of Debtor s other financing
instruments (including those that are intended as hedges). 

(c)
 CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS . As used in this Exhibit: 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a) if
such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant
to the Note or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark that is or may be used for
determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date. 

A- 1 Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

Benchmark 
 means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect
to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement
to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has become effective pursuant to this Exhibit. 

Benchmark
Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that
has been selected by Bank as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided
 that, in each case, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero or such other floor as set forth in the
Note, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero or such other floor as set forth in the Note for the purposes of the Note
and the other loan documents related thereto. 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then- current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative
value or zero) that has been selected by Bank. 

Benchmark
Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current Benchmark, a public statement or publication of information:
(a) by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such
Benchmark, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark
or such Available Tenors, (b) by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark, the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark,
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or
resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark has ceased or will
cease to provide such Benchmark, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely,
 provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide
such Benchmark or such Available Tenors, or (c) by or on behalf of the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark
announcing that such Benchmark is, or, if such Benchmark is a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark are, not, or as a specified
future date will not be, representative. 

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

A-2 Term SOFR Comm Prom Base Rate Note-Swap Comp 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex21-1_decision.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF DECISIONPOINT SYSTEMS, INC

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 

Name 
 
 State of 
 Incorporation 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Status 
 
 DecisionPoint Systems International, Inc. 
 
 DE 
 
 100 by DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 
 
 Active 
 
 DecisionPoint Systems Group, Inc. 
 
 DE 
 
 100 by Decision Point International, Inc. 
 
 Active 
 
 DecisionPoint Systems CA, Inc. 
 
 CA 
 
 100 by DecisionPoint Systems Group, Inc. 
 
 Active 
 
 DecisionPoint Systems CT, Inc. 
 
 CT 
 
 100 by DecisionPoint Systems Group, Inc. 
 
 Active 
 
 Royce Digital Systems, Inc. 
 
 CA 
 
 100 by DecisionPoint Systems Group, Inc. 
 
 Active 
 
 ExtenData Solutions, LLC 
 
 CO 
 
 100 by DecisionPoint Systems Group, Inc. 
 
 Active 
 
 Advanced Mobile Group, LLC 
 
 PA 
 
 100 by DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. 
 
 Active 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex23-1_decision.htm
 CONSENT OF HASKELL & WHITE LLP, AN INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements on Form S-1 (file no. 333-245695) and Form S-8 (file no. 333-257771) of DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. of our report
dated March 29, 2023, relating to our audits of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
HASKELL WHITE LLP 

Irvine, California 

 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_decision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
Executive Officer 

I, Steve Smith, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DecisionPoint Systems, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated:
 March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Steve Smith 

Steve
 Smith 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-2_decision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief
Financial Officer 

I, Melinda Wohl, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DecisionPoint Systems, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exhibit Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Melinda Wohl 

Melinda Wohl 

Vice President Finance and Administration 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-1_decision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steve Smith, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) Information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Steve
 Smith 

Steve Smith 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer)
 and Director 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and will be retained by DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-2_decision.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of DecisionPoint
Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Melinda Wohl, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) Information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Melinda
 Wohl 

Melinda Wohl 

Vice President Finance and Administration 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and will be retained by DecisionPoint Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 dpsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 dpsi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 dpsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 dpsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 dpsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

