<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1507605_0001493152-23-007879.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18831168</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>457113</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1900266</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8031407</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2882680</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4607305</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007879.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316152257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007879
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001507605
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				010949984
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36555
		FILM NUMBER:		23738519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 804-1690

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1180 N. TOWN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Marathon Patent Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Strategic Minerals Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERVE VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007879.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______to______ 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated
 Filer 

Non-accelerated
 Filer 
 
 Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock, no par value, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing sale price of
registrant s common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately thousand. Accordingly, the registrant qualifies under the
SEC s revised rules as a large accelerated filer. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date 
shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of March 13, 2023. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Background
of Restatement 

As previously disclosed in the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed by Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (the Company or Marathon with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC on February 28, 2023, the Company s Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, after
consultation with the Company s independent auditor, concluded that we will restate our previously issued consolidated
financial statements. 

The Company and its Audit Committee
formally concluded on March 15, 2023 that the restatement of financial statements and amendment of certain information of prior
periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K was necessary to correct for the following: (i) Revenue Recognition 
Principal versus Agent, (ii) Impairment of Digital Assets, (iii) NYDIG Digital Assets Fund III, LP Consolidation Gross
versus Net Presentation, (iv) NYDIG Digital Assets Fund III, LP Financial Statement Reclassification (v) Disposal of Assets
(vi) Other Adjustments, and (vii) the income tax adjustments due to the forementioned errors. 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements and Information 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes the following information: 

restated
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31,
 2021, the related Consolidated Statements of Operations, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended
 December 31, 2021; 

restated
 unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the interim periods in 2022 and
 2021 as contained in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal periods
 ended March 31, 2021 and 2022, June 30, 2021 and 2022 and September 30, 2021 and 2022; and 

amended Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A as it relates to the year ended December 31, 2021; 

For
a more detailed description of the financial impact of the restatement, see NOTE 2 RESTATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENT and Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements under ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS,contained in this Form 10-K. For the impact of these
adjustments on the Unaudited Quarterly Financial Data, see NOTE 16 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) . All amounts
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K affected by the restatement adjustments reflect such amounts as restated. 

Internal
Control Considerations 

In connection with the Company s review of its financial statements
leading to the restatement, the Company identified additional material weaknesses in its internal controls over financial reporting. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely
basis. Therefore, the Company s management concluded that material weaknesses remain in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting and that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. See ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES, for additional information and discussion related to material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting and our related remediation activities. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

PART II. 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 33 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 104 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 104 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 106 

PART III. 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 107 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 107 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 107 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 
 107 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 107 

PART IV. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 108 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 110 

3 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and other written and oral statements made from time to time by us may contain so-called forward-looking
statements, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words
such as expects, plans, will, forecasts, projects, intends, 
 estimates, and other words of similar meaning. One can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical
or current facts. These statements are likely to address our growth strategy, financial results and product and development programs.
One must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our
forward-looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including
some that are known and some that are not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed, and actual future results may vary materially. 

These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section
entitled Risk Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation: 

The
 uncertainty of profitability; 

Risks
 related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms;
 and 

Other
 risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy. 

This
list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be
considered carefully, and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made
based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the
expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States we do not intend to update
any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Information
regarding market and industry statistics contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is included based on information available to us
that we believe is accurate. It is generally based on industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities
offerings or economic analysis. We have not reviewed or included data from all sources. Forecasts and other forward-looking information
obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future
market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. As a result, investors should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , Marathon
Digital Holdings, Inc. , Marathon and MARA mean Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries,
unless otherwise indicated. 

4 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

I.
CORPORATE OVERVIEW 

I.A.
HISTORY AND PIVOT TO BITCOIN MINING 

Marathon
is a digital asset technology company that produces or mines digital assets with a focus on the blockchain ecosystem and
the generation of digital assets. Marathon s strategy is to produce and hold bitcoin (after paying for cash operating costs of
production) as a long term investment. Holding bitcoin is a strategy to act as a store of value, supported by a robust and public open
source architecture, that is not linked to any country s monetary policy and can therefore serve as a store of value outside of
government control. We believe that bitcoin offers additional opportunity for appreciation in value with increasing adoption due to its
limited supply. We may also explore opportunities to become involved in businesses ancillary to our bitcoin mining business as favorable
market conditions and opportunities arise. 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 23, 2010 under the name Verve Ventures, Inc. On December 7, 2011, we changed our
name to American Strategic Minerals Corporation and were engaged in exploration and potential development of a uranium and vanadium minerals
business. In June 2012, we discontinued our minerals business and began to invest in real estate properties in Southern California. In
October 2012, we commenced our IP licensing operations, at which time the Company s name was changed to Marathon Patent Group,
Inc. We purchased digital asset mining machines and established a data center in Canada to mine digital assets in 2017. The Company ceased
operating in Canada in 2020 and relocated all owned mining rigs from Canada to the U.S. The Company has since expanded its activities
in the mining of bitcoin across the U.S. The Company changed its name to Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. on March 1, 2021. As of December
31, 2022, the Company is solely focused on the mining of bitcoin and ancillary opportunities within the Bitcoin ecosystem. 

The
term Bitcoin with a capital B is used to denote the Bitcoin protocol which implements a highly available,
public, permanent, and decentralized ledger. The term bitcoin with a lower case b is used to denote the token,
bitcoin. 

I.B.
CORPORATE INFORMATION 

In
2022, we moved our corporate headquarters to Fort Lauderdale, FL and maintain an address at 101 SE 3 rd Avenue, Suite 1200,
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301. We also maintain a West Coast office at 300 Spectrum Center Drive, Suite 950, Irvine, CA 92618. Our website
is www.mara.com . As of February 20, 2023, we had 30 full-time employees and we expect this number to continue to grow in support
of the increased scale of the business. We believe our employee relations to be good. 

I.C.
2022 AND 2023 EVENTS 

Effective
March 31, 2022, Hugh Gallagher was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company amended its previously announced agreements with affiliates of Beowulf Energy LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (collectively and as applicable, Beowulf ), and Two Point One, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 2P1 ),
pursuant to which Beowulf and 2P1 have been designing and developing a data center facility of up to 110-megawatts (the Facility located next to, and supplied energy directly from, Beowulf s power generation station in Hardin, MT. As part of the Company s
mandate to become carbon neutral by the end of the 2022 fiscal year, the Company, Beowulf and 2P1 agreed to terminate the Data Facility
Services Agreement, the Power Purchase Agreement and the Ground Lease for the Facility as of August 15, 2022, and the Company redeployed
its Hardin-installed mining rigs to renewable power facilities in the third quarter of 2022. 

On July 28, 2022, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit and Security
Agreement (the Agreement with Silvergate Bank (the Bank pursuant to which Silvergate agreed to loan the
Company up to 100 million on a revolving basis pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the 100 million principal amount revolving
credit note issued by the Company in favor of the Bank under the Agreement Note ). 

5 

On February 6, 2023, the Company provided Silvergate Bank with the required
30-day notice stating the Company s intent to prepay the outstanding balance on its term loan facility as well as the Company s
intent to terminate the term loan facility. The Company and Silvergate subsequently agreed to also terminate the revolving line of credit RLOC facility. On March 8, 2023, the term loan prepayment was completed, and the Company s term loan and RLOC facilities
with Silvergate Bank were terminated. 

Effective
September 14, 2022, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Bylaws to document the previously disclosed unanimous Board approval
to reduce its quorum requirements to 33-1/3 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. 

On
September 22, 2022, Compute North Holdings, Inc. (along with its affiliated debtors, collectively, Compute North ), filed
for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas under chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code (11 U.S. Code section 101 et seq .). Compute North provided operating services to the Company and hosted our mining rigs in
multiple facilities. On December 15, 2022, US Bitcoin Corp US Bitcoin replaced Compute North as the operator of the facilities
in McCamey, TX, Granbury, TX and Kearney, NE as a result of the Compute North bankruptcy. We currently have arrangements in place with
respect to the McCamey, Granbury and Kearney facilities. We no longer operate at South Souix City. On February 16, 2023, the Bankruptcy
Court approved the Debtors Plan of Reorganization, pursuant to which Marathon s claim has been fixed at 40,000 thousand as an
unsecured claim to be paid out according to the timing and percentages within the approved Debtor s plan. 

In
connection with a dispute concerning the settlement of certain restricted stock unit awards previously granted to Merrick D. Okamoto,
former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company on October 12, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with
Mr. Okamoto, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Mr. Okamoto 24,000 thousand. Mr. Okamoto agreed to a settlement and a broad
release of known or unknown claims against the Company, which relate to the Company s Amended 2018 Equity Incentive Plan or related
restricted stock unit award agreements. The Company also entered into agreements in respect to seven other recipients of the same restricted
stock unit awards including a director and our current Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Payments related
to these agreements totaled approximately 2,100 thousand in the aggregate. 

Effective
November 21, 2022, John Lee was appointed Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company and FS Innovation, LLC FSI entered into a Shareholders Agreement (the Agreement regarding formation of an Abu Dhabi Global Markets company (the ADGM Entity ), whose purpose shall be to jointly (a) establish
and operate one or more mining facilities for digital assets; and (b) mine digital assets (collectively, the Business ).
The initial project by the ADGM Entity shall consist of two digital asset mining sites comprising 250 MW in Abu Dhabi, and the initial
equity ownership in the ADGM Entity shall be 80 FSI and 20 the Company, and capital contributions will be made, subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain conditions, during the 2023 development period in those proportions, consisting of both cash and in kind, in amounts
of approximately 406,000 thousand in aggregate. FSI will appoint four directors to the board of the ADGM Entity, and the Company will
appoint one director. Unless otherwise not permitted by applicable law, the digital assets mined by the ADGM Entity will be distributed
to the Company and FSI twice a month in proportion to their respective equity interests in the ADGM Entity. There are market provisions
in the Agreement with respect to financial and tax matters. The Agreement shall terminate at the earlier of the mutual written agreement
of the parties, winding up of the ADGM Entity or the ownership by a shareholder of all of the outstanding equity interests in the ADGM
Entity. The Agreement contains market terms on transfer of shares by a shareholder, preemptive rights and certain tag along and drag
along rights upon a sale of the ADGM Entity. Furthermore, there are five year restrictive covenants which, inter alia, prevent Marathon
from competing in the UAE with the Business or with the business of FSI or any of certain related parties and prevent FSI from competing
in the U.S. with the business of Marathon. 

II.
BITCOIN BLOCKCHAIN 

II
A. OVERVIEW OF BITCOIN 

Bitcoin
is a decentralized digital asset that operates on a peer-to-peer network, allowing users to send and receive payments without the need
for intermediaries such as banks. This is made possible through the use of blockchain technology, which is a distributed ledger that
records and verifies all transactions on the network. 

6 

The
Bitcoin blockchain is a public, transparent, and immutable record of all transactions that have ever occurred on the network. This ledger
is maintained by a network of computers, known as nodes, that work together to verify and validate new transactions. Each transaction
is cryptographically signed and added to the blockchain as a new block, which is then permanently recorded and cannot be altered or deleted. 

One
of the key advantages of the Bitcoin blockchain is that it allows for trustless, secure transactions without the need for a central authority.
Because the blockchain is decentralized and transparent, all users can verify the legitimacy of a transaction without having to rely
on a third party. This eliminates the need for intermediaries, which can be slow and expensive, and it also makes the network resistant
to censorship and fraud. 

Bitcoin s
decentralized and transparent nature makes it secure, efficient, and accessible, and gives it the potential to enable new forms of value
exchange and innovation. 

II
B. OVERVIEW OF BITCOIN HALVING EVENTS 

The
Bitcoin halving is a phenomenon that occurs approximately every four years on the Bitcoin network. The halving is a key part of the Bitcoin
protocol, and it serves to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in digital assets using a Proof-of-Work consensus
algorithm. At a predetermined block, the mining reward is cut in half, hence the term halving . For bitcoin the reward was
initially set at 50 bitcoin currency rewards per block. The Bitcoin blockchain has undergone halving three times since its inception
as follows: (1) on November 28, 2012 at block height 210,000; (2) on July 9, 2016 at block height 420,000; (3) on May 11, 2020 at block
height 630,000, when the reward was reduced to its current level of 6.25 bitcoin per block. The next halving for the Bitcoin blockchain
is anticipated to occur on or around March 2024 at block height 840,000. This process will reoccur until the total amount of bitcoin
currency rewards issued reaches 21,000 thousand and the theoretical supply of new bitcoin is exhausted, which is expected to occur around
2140. 

Factors
Affecting Profitability 

Market
Price of Bitcoin 

Our
business is heavily dependent on the price of bitcoin. The prices of digital assets, including bitcoin, have experienced substantial
volatility, meaning that high or low prices may be based on speculation and incomplete information, may be subject to rapidly changing
investor sentiment, and may be influenced by factors such as technology, regulatory void or changes, fraudulent actors, manipulation,
and media reporting. Bitcoin (as well as other digital assets) may have value based on various factors, including their acceptance as
a means of exchange by consumers and producers, scarcity, and market demand which are beyond our control. 

Halving 

The
halving is an important part of the Bitcoin ecosystem, and it is closely watched by miners, investors, and other participants in the
digital asset market. Each halving event has historically been associated with significant price movements in the value of bitcoin. 

Network
Hash Rate and Difficulty 

Generally,
a bitcoin mining rig s chance of solving a block on the Bitcoin blockchain and earning a bitcoin reward is a function of the mining
rig s hash rate, relative to the global network hash rate (i.e., the aggregate amount of computing power devoted to supporting
the Bitcoin blockchain at a given time). As demand for bitcoin has increased, the global network hash rate has increased rapidly, and
as more adoption of bitcoin occurs, we expect the demand for new bitcoin will likewise increase as more mining companies are drawn into
the industry by this increased demand. Further, as more and increasingly powerful mining rigs are deployed, the network difficulty for
Bitcoin has increased. Network difficulty is a measure of how difficult it is to solve a block on the Bitcoin blockchain, which is adjusted
every 2016 blocks (every 2 weeks approximately) so that the average time between each block remains ten minutes. A high difficulty means
that it will take more computing power to solve a block and earn a new bitcoin reward, which, in turn, makes the Bitcoin network more
secure by limiting the possibility of one miner or mining pool gaining control of the network. Therefore, as new and existing miners
deploy additional hash rate, the global network hash rate will continue to increase, meaning a miner s share of the global network
hash rate (and therefore its chance of earning bitcoin rewards) will decline if it fails to deploy additional hash rate at pace with
the industry. 

7 

II
C. OVERVIEW OF BITCOIN MINING 

Bitcoin
mining is the process by which new bitcoin are created and transactions on the Bitcoin network are verified. In order to mine bitcoin,
mining rigs use specialized computer hardware to win a lottery, which allows them to add new blocks to the bitcoin blockchain and receive
a reward in the form of newly minted bitcoin. The bitcoin mining process serves several important functions in the bitcoin ecosystem. 

First,
bitcoin mining helps to secure the Bitcoin network by verifying transactions and preventing fraud. When a user sends a transaction on
the Bitcoin network, it is broadcast to the network and added to the pool of unconfirmed transactions known as the mempool. 
Mining rigs then compete in a sort of lottery required to add these transactions to the blockchain, which is the decentralized ledger
that records all Bitcoin transactions. When a mining rig successfully adds a new block to the blockchain, the transactions included in
that block are considered confirmed, and the mining rig receives a reward in the form of newly minted bitcoins. 

Second,
bitcoin mining helps to decentralize the Bitcoin network and distribute new bitcoin in a fair and transparent manner. Unlike traditional
currencies, which are issued and controlled by central banks, bitcoin is a decentralized digital asset that is not controlled by any
government or institution. Instead, new bitcoin are created and distributed through the mining process, which allows anyone with the
necessary hardware and expertise to participate in the mining process and potentially earn rewards. This decentralized distribution of
new bitcoin helps to ensure that the supply of the digital asset is controlled in a fair and transparent manner. 

Third,
bitcoin mining plays a key role in the maintenance and growth of the Bitcoin network. The mining process helps to support the infrastructure
of the network by providing the computational power needed to verify transactions and add new blocks to the blockchain. As more people
become interested in mining bitcoin, the network becomes more secure and efficient. 

III.
A. STRATEGIC FOCUS 

The
Company s focus at the onset of 2022 was on growth execution and transition into a larger operation. This focus consisted of both
the expansion of operations of our core bitcoin mining business (operating mining rigs at third-party owned and operated data centers)
and operating MaraPool our proprietary bitcoin mining pool which orchestrates the operation of our fleet of mining rigs. Key
activities and milestones throughout 2022 included the following: 

We
 deployed capital to secure the most efficient ASICs mining rigs through contracts that included price protection clauses which benefited
 the Company as ASICs prices declined throughout the second and third quarters of 2022. 

We
 shut down operations at the coal powered Hardin, MT data center facility 

We
 started operations at the wind powered site in McCamey, TX and other smaller sites 

We
 focused on securing additional hosting services for our planned expansion of operations, entering into third-party hosting relationships
 with Applied Digital to host S19XP mining rigs at sites in Texas and North Dakota. 

We
 increased our hashrate from 3.5 exahashes per second at the beginning of the year to 7.0 exahashes per second at the end of 2022. 

It
was also a year of adaptation, as the Company had to overcome several operational and financial headwinds, including: 

Our
 primary mining facility in Hardin, MT going offline after being damaged by a storm in mid-2022 

8 

Delays
 in the energization of the McCamey, TX site during the second and third quarters of 2022 

Our
 largest hosting partner (Compute North) entering bankruptcy in September 2022 

A
 significant decline in the price of bitcoin, which resulted in impairments of our bitcoin holdings throughout the year and an impairment
 charges related to the value of our mining rigs and certain contracts during the fourth quarter of 2022 

Challenged
 financial markets and macroeconomic conditions 

Our
primary focus in 2023 will be the realization of the full energization of our fleet of nearly 200,000 bitcoin mining rigs and growing
our total operational hashrate from 7.0 exahashes per second at year end 2022 to over 23 exahashes per second by the third quarter of
2023. We will also be focused on our first international expansion, a joint venture that will result in the formation of an Abu Dhabi
Global Markets company whose purpose will be to operate one or more mining facilities for digital assets. The initial project will consist
of two mining sites comprising 250 MW in Abu Dhabi and the Company will own 20 of this entity, which is expected to commence bitcoin
mining operations in the second half of 2023. Additionally, we expect to operationalize a number of technology innovations developed
by our technology team and partners including mining using immersion as well as new hardware and software solutions to optimize mining
rig performance and the reliability of MaraPool operations. 

III
B. R D PROCESS 

We
place a strong emphasis on research and development (R D) as a key driver of innovation and growth. Our R D process is designed
to support the creation and development of new tools and processes that are an integral part of our overall business strategy and enhance
our productivity as an advanced and sustainable bitcoin miner. 

The
first step in our R D process is ideation, which is the process of generating and evaluating new ideas. We encourage our team members
to come up with creative and innovative ideas, and we provide them with the resources and support they need to explore these ideas further. 

Once
we have identified a promising idea, the next step is to develop a prototype. This typically involves creating a small-scale version
of the product or service, which can be tested and evaluated in order to identify potential issues and improve the design. We also conduct
market research to understand the potential market for the product or service. 

The
final step in our R D process is testing and validation. This involves conducting thorough testing of the prototype to identify any
issues or flaws, and to ensure that it meets our quality standards. We also conduct market testing to gather feedback from real-world
users, and we use this feedback to refine and improve the product or service. 

Overall,
our R D process is designed to support the creation and development of innovative technology advancements that ensure we maintain
our competitive advantages and improves our position as a leading bitcoin miner. We believe that this process is essential for driving
growth and staying ahead of the competition, and we are committed to continuously improving and refining it to support our success. 

III
C. OUR STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS 

We
are committed to pursuing strategic investments that align with our vision and values. Our strategy is focused on identifying and partnering
with companies that have the potential to generate long-term value for our stakeholders. 

One
key element of our investment strategy is to focus on companies that are at the forefront of emerging technologies and industries. We
believe that these companies have the potential to drive significant innovation and growth, and we are committed to supporting their
development through investments in both hardware and software companies 

9 

Another
key aspect of our strategy is to prioritize investments in companies that are aligned with our values and mission. We believe that our
stakeholders expect us to support businesses that operate in a responsible and sustainable manner, and we are committed to making investments
that reflect these values. 

Overall,
our investment strategy is designed to support our growth and success, while propelling us to be the most advanced, agile, and efficient
bitcoin miner. We are committed to making strategic investments that are aligned with our vision and values, and we believe that this
approach will help us to achieve long-term success. 

IV.
OUR OPERATIONS 

We
deploy or are in the process of deploying our assets at various sites in the United States. All of our sites are currently hosted by
third parties to whom we pay a fee. A summary of our current and anticipated operating locations follows: 

McCamey,
 TX - Approximately 63,000 S19j Pros are deployed and operational at this site, with another 4,000 S19j Pros pending delivery and
 deployment in 2023. Our contract for this facility expires in August 2027. 

Garden
 City, TX - Approximately 28,000 S19 XPs are installed at this site, which is currently pending final regulatory approval for energization.
 Our current expansion plans call for the deployment of 19 MW of immersion from a combination of new capacity and replacement of air-cooled
 units for immersion during 2023. Our contract for this facility expires in July 2027. 

Ellendale,
 ND - Approximately 57,000 S19 XPs are expected to be deployed at this site during the first half of 2023. Energization is expected
 to start late in the first quarter of 2023. Our contract for this site expires in July 2027. 

Jamestown,
 ND - Approximately 5,600 S19 XPs are deployed and operational at this site, with planned deployments of another 10,400 air-cooled
 units during the first quarter of 2023. In addition to this air-cooled installation, the Company plans to deploy 768 units in immersion
 on the site during the second quarter of 2023. Our contract for the immersion deployment expires in August 2026 and our contract
 for the air-cooled deployment at the site expires in December 2027. 

Granbury,
 TX - Approximately 12,500 S19j Pros and 4,400 XPs are currently deployed and being energized at this facility. There are no plans
 to expand operations at this facility. 

Coshocton,
 OH - Approximately 2,800 S19 Pros are currently deployed and operational at this facility. Our contract for this facility expires
 in June 2023 and we do not expect to renew this contract beyond this termination date. 

Plano,
 TX - Approximately 345 S19 Pros are currently deployed and operational at this facility. There are no plans to expand operations
 at this facility and our contract for this facility expires in June 2027. 

Kearney,
 NE - Approximately 2,300 S19 J Pros are deployed and operational at this site. The Company expects to deploy an additional 1,300
 MicroBT units at this site in 2023. 

South
 Sioux City, SD - Approximately 660 S19 Pros were deployed at this site. The Company s contract for this facility expired and
 the Company exited this facility in early 2023. 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company and FSI entered into an Agreement regarding formation of an Abu Dhabi Global Markets company whose purpose
shall be to jointly (a) establish and operate one or more mining facilities for digital assets; and (b) mine digital assets. The initial
project by the ADGM Entity shall consist of two digital asset mining sites comprising 250 MW in immersion in Abu Dhabi, and the initial
equity ownership shall be 80 FSI and 20 the Company. The facility is expected to be operational in the second half of 2023. 

10 

V.
COMPETITION 

In
digital asset mining, companies and individuals use computing power to solve cryptographic algorithms to record and publish transactions
to blockchain ledgers or provide transaction verification services to the Bitcoin network in exchange for digital asset rewards. The
current reward for verifying a block on the Bitcoin blockchain is 6.25 bitcoin. Miners can range from individual enthusiasts to professional
mining operations with dedicated data centers. Miners may organize themselves in mining pools. The Company competes or may in the future
compete with other companies that focus all or a portion of their activities on owning or operating digital asset exchanges, developing
programming for the blockchain, and mining activities. At present, the information concerning the activities of these enterprises is
not readily available as the vast majority of the participants in this sector do not publish information publicly or the information
may be unreliable. 

Several
public companies (traded in the U.S. and Internationally), such as the following, may be considered to compete with us: 

Riot
 Platforms, Inc. 

Cipher
 Mining Inc. 

Hut
 8 Mining Corp. 

Hive
 Blockchain Technologies Ltd. 

Bitfarms,
 Ltd. 

Cleanspark,
 Inc. 

Iris
 Energy Limited 

Bit
 Digital, Inc. 

Argo
 Blockchain plc 

TeraWulf
 Inc. 

Greenidge
 Generation Holdings Inc. 

Core
 Scientific, Inc. 

Stronghold
 Digital Mining, Inc. 

While
there is limited available information regarding our non-public competitors, we believe that our recent acquisition and ongoing deployment
of miners positions us well among the publicly traded companies involved in the digital asset mining industry. The digital asset mining
industry is a highly competitive and evolving industry and new competitors and/or emerging technologies could enter the market and affect
our competitiveness in the future. 

VI.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

We
actively use specific hardware and software for our digital asset mining operations. In certain cases, source code and other software
assets may be subject to an open source license, as much technology development underway in this sector is open source. For these works,
we intend to adhere to the terms of any license agreements that may be in place. 

11 

We
do not currently own any patents except as set forth below. We may in the future plan to seek further patents in connection with our
existing and planned blockchain and digital asset related operations. We do expect to rely upon trade secrets, trademarks, service marks,
trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property rights and expect to license the use of intellectual property rights owned and
controlled by others. In addition, we have developed and may further develop certain proprietary software applications for purposes of
our digital asset mining operation. 

We
have two patent applications pending with the USPTO: 

US
Application No. 17/751370 

 Systems
And Methods For Decreasing Counterparty Settlement Risk 

 Marathon
Digital Holdings 

US
Application No. 17/975229 

 Systems
And Methods For Overclocking Mining Rigs 

 Marathon
Digital Holdings 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Certain
factors may have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, including the risk, factors,
and uncertainties described under this Part I, Item 1A, and elsewhere in this Annual Report. This is not an exhaustive list, and there
are other factors that may be applicable to our business that are not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material.
Any of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or prospects, which could cause
the trading price of our common stock to decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. You should carefully consider the
risks, factors, and uncertainties described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, as well as the
risk, factors, uncertainties, and other information we disclose in other filings we make with the SEC before making an investment decision
regarding our securities. 

We
may be classified as an inadvertent investment company . 

We
are not engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities, and we do not hold ourselves out as being engaged
in those activities. Under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), however, a company may be deemed
an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act if the value of its investment securities is more than 40 of its total
assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on a consolidated basis. 

We
have commenced digital asset mining, the outputs of which are digital assets, which may be deemed a security in the future, although
the SEC states that bitcoin, which is the only digital asset we currently mine, is not a security (https://www.sec.gov/oiea/investor-alerts-and-bulletins/ib_fundstrading).
In the event that the digital assets other than bitcoin held by us exceed 40 of our total assets, exclusive of cash, we inadvertently
become an investment company. An inadvertent investment company can avoid being classified as an investment company if it can rely on
one of the exclusions under the 1940 Act. One such exclusion, Rule 3a-2 under the 1940 Act, allows an inadvertent investment company
a grace period of one year from the earlier of (a) the date on which an issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50 
of the issuer s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis and (b) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes
to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of such issuer s total assets (exclusive of government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We are putting in place policies that we expect will work to keep the investment
securities held by us at less than 40 of our total assets, which may include acquiring assets with our cash, liquidating our investment
securities or seeking a no-action letter from the SEC if we are unable to acquire sufficient assets or liquidate sufficient investment
securities in a timely manner. 

As
Rule 3a-2 is available to a company no more than once every three years, and assuming no other exclusion were available to us, we would
have to keep within the 40 limit for at least three years after we cease being an inadvertent investment company. This may limit our
ability to make certain investments or enter into joint ventures that could otherwise have a positive impact on our earnings. In any
event, we do not intend to become an investment company engaged in the business of investing and trading securities. 

12 

Classification
as an investment company under the 1940 Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it would
have to stop doing almost all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Registration is time consuming and restrictive and would
require a restructuring of our operations, and we would be very constrained in the kind of business we could do as a registered investment
company. Further, we would become subject to substantial regulation concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons
and portfolio composition, and would need to file reports under the 1940 Act regime. The cost of such compliance would result in the
Company incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to register if required would have a materially adverse impact to
conduct our operations. If we determine to mine digital assets other than bitcoin in the future, we will establish and disclose the process
and framework we use to determine if such digital assets are securities under Section 2(a)(1) of the Securities Act and will address
any specific risks in our policy and framework in making such a determination. This description would also include any policy/framework
limitations and state these are risk-based judgments by us and not a legal standard or determination binding on any regulator. 

Failure
to effectively manage our growth could place strains on our managerial, operational and financial resources and could adversely affect
our business and operating results . 

Our
growth has placed, and is expected to continue to place, a strain on our limited managerial, operational and financial resources and
systems. Further, as our subsidiary companies businesses grow, we will be required to continue to manage multiple relationships.
Any further growth by us or our subsidiary companies, or an increase in the number of our strategic relationships, may place additional
strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources and systems. Although we may not grow as we expect, if we fail to manage
our growth effectively or to develop and expand our managerial, operational and financial resources and systems, our business and financial
results would be materially harmed. 

The
further development and acceptance of digital asset networks and other digital assets, which represent a new and rapidly changing industry,
are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of digital
asset systems may adversely affect an investment in us. 

Digital
assets such as bitcoins, that may be used, among other things, to buy and sell goods and services are a new and rapidly evolving industry
of which the digital asset networks are prominent, but not unique, parts. The growth of the digital asset industry in general, and the
digital asset networks of bitcoin in particular, are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The factors affecting the further development
of the digital asset industry, as well as the digital asset networks, include: 

Continued
 worldwide growth in the adoption and use of bitcoins and other digital assets; 

Government
 and quasi-government regulation of bitcoins and other digital assets and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to
 and operation of the digital asset network or similar digital assets systems; 

The
 maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the Bitcoin network; 

Changes
 in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 

The
 availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat
 currencies; 

General
 economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; 

The
 impact of regulators focusing on digital assets and digital securities and the costs associated with such regulatory oversight; and 

A
 decline in the popularity or acceptance of the digital asset networks of bitcoin, or similar digital asset systems, could adversely
 affect an investment in us. 

13 

Significant
contributors to all or any digital asset network could propose amendments to the respective network s protocols and software that,
if accepted and authorized by such network, could adversely affect an investment in us. 

For
example, with respect to Bitcoins network, a small group of individuals contribute to the Bitcoin Core project on GitHub.com. These individuals
can propose refinements or improvements to the Bitcoin network s source code through one or more software upgrades that alter the
protocols and software that govern the Bitcoin network and the properties of Bitcoin, including the irreversibility of transactions and
limitations on the mining of new bitcoin. Proposals for upgrades and discussions relating thereto take place on online forums. For example,
there is an ongoing debate regarding altering the blockchain by increasing the size of blocks to accommodate a larger volume of transactions.
Although some proponents support an increase, other market participants oppose an increase to the block size as it may deter miners from
confirming transactions and concentrate power into a smaller group of miners. To the extent that a significant majority of the users
and miners on the Bitcoin network install such software upgrade(s), the Bitcoin network would be subject to new protocols and software
that may adversely affect an investment in the Shares. In the event a developer or group of developers proposes a modification to the
Bitcoin network that is not accepted by a majority of miners and users, but that is nonetheless accepted by a substantial plurality of
miners and users, two or more competing and incompatible blockchain implementations could result. This is known as a hard fork. 
In such a case, the hard fork in the blockchain could materially and adversely affect the perceived value of digital assets
as reflected on one or both incompatible blockchains, which may adversely affect an investment in us. 

The
open-source structure of the Bitcoin network protocol means that the contributors to the protocol are generally not directly compensated
for their contributions in maintaining and developing the protocol. A failure to properly monitor and upgrade the protocol could damage
the Bitcoin network and an investment in us. 

The
Bitcoin network for example operates based on an open-source protocol maintained by contributors, largely on the Bitcoin Core project
on GitHub. As an open source project, Bitcoin is not represented by an official organization or authority. As the Bitcoin network protocol
is not sold and its use does not generate revenues for contributors, contributors are generally not compensated for maintaining and updating
the Bitcoin network protocol. The lack of guaranteed financial incentive for contributors to maintain or develop the Bitcoin network
and the lack of guaranteed resources to adequately address emerging issues with the Bitcoin network may reduce incentives to address
the issues adequately or in a timely manner. Changes to a digital asset network which we are mining on may adversely affect an investment
in us. 

If
a malicious actor or botnet obtains control in excess of 50 of the processing power active on any digital asset network, including the
Bitcoin network, it is possible that such actor or botnet could manipulate the blockchain in a manner that adversely affects an investment
in us. 

If
a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions
of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated to mining on any digital asset network, including the Bitcoin
network, it may be able to alter the blockchain by constructing alternate blocks if it is able to solve for such blocks faster than the
remainder of the miners on the blockchain can add valid blocks. In such alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control,
exclude or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate new digital assets or transactions using such control. Using
alternate blocks, the malicious actor could double-spend its own digital assets (i.e., spend the same digital assets in
more than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the
extent that such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its majority control of the processing power or the digital asset community
does not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be possible. Such changes could
adversely affect an investment in us. 

The
approach towards and possible crossing of the 50 threshold indicate a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over
the validation of digital asset transactions. To the extent that the digital assets ecosystems do not act to ensure greater decentralization
of digital asset mining processing power, the feasibility of a malicious actor obtaining in excess of 50 of the processing power on
any digital asset network (e.g., through control of a large mining pool or through hacking such a mining pool) will increase, which may
adversely impact an investment in us. 

14 

If
the award of digital assets for solving blocks and transaction fees for recording transactions are not sufficiently high to incentivize
miners, miners may cease expending hashrate to solve blocks and confirmations of transactions on the blockchain could be slowed temporarily.
A reduction in the hashrate expended by miners on any digital asset network could increase the likelihood of a malicious actor obtaining
control in excess of fifty percent (50 of the aggregate hashrate active on such network or the blockchain, potentially permitting such
actor to manipulate the blockchain in a manner that adversely affects an investment in us. 

Bitcoin
miners record transactions when they solve for and add blocks of information to the blockchain. When a miner solves for a block, it creates
that block, which includes data relating to (i) the solution to the block, (ii) a reference to the prior block in the blockchain to which
the new block is being added and (iii) all transactions that have occurred but have not yet been added to the blockchain. The miner becomes
aware of outstanding, unrecorded transactions through the data packet transmission and propagation discussed above. Typically, bitcoin
transactions will be recorded in the next chronological block if the spending party has an internet connection and at least one minute
has passed between the transaction s data packet transmission and the solution of the next block. If a transaction is not recorded
in the next chronological block, it is usually recorded in the next block thereafter. 

As
the award of new digital assets for solving blocks declines, and if transaction fees are not sufficiently high, miners may not have an
adequate incentive to continue mining and may cease their mining operations. For example, the current fixed reward on the Bitcoin network
for solving a new block is six and one quarter (6.25). bitcoins per block; the reward decreased from twelve and one half (12.5) bitcoin
in May 2020. It is estimated that it will halve again in March 2024, and then again in about four (4) years, and approximately every
four (4) years thereafter until the last bitcoin has been mined, which is estimated to be in or around 2140. This reduction may result
in a reduction in the aggregate hashrate of the Bitcoin network as the incentive for miners will decrease. Moreover, miners ceasing operations
would reduce the aggregate hashrate on the Bitcoin network, which would adversely affect the confirmation process for transactions (i.e.,
temporarily decreasing the speed at which blocks are added to the blockchain until the next scheduled adjustment in difficulty for block
solutions) and make the Bitcoin network more vulnerable to a malicious actor obtaining control in excess of fifty percent (50 of the
aggregate hashrate on the Bitcoin network. Periodically, the Bitcoin network has adjusted the difficulty for block solutions so that
solution speeds remain in the vicinity of the expected ten (10) minute confirmation time targeted by the Bitcoin network protocol. 

Marathon
believes that from time to time there will be further considerations and adjustments to the Bitcoin network, and others regarding the
difficulty for block solutions. More significant reductions in aggregate hashrate on digital asset networks could result in material,
though temporary, delays in block solution confirmation time. Any reduction in confidence in the confirmation process or aggregate hashrate
of any digital asset network may negatively impact the value of digital assets, which will adversely impact an investment in us. 

To
the extent that the profit margins of digital asset mining operations are not high, operators of digital asset mining operations are
more likely to immediately sell their digital assets earned by mining in the digital asset exchange market, resulting in a reduction
in the price of digital assets that could adversely impact an investment in us. 

Over
the past two years, digital asset mining operations have evolved from individual users mining with computer processors, graphics processing
units and first-generation mining rigs. Currently, new processing power brought onto the digital asset networks is predominantly added
by incorporated and unincorporated professionalized mining operations. Professionalized mining operations may use proprietary
hardware or sophisticated machines. They require the investment of significant capital for the acquisition of this hardware, the leasing
of operating space (often in data centers or warehousing facilities), incurring of electricity costs and the employment of technicians
to operate the mining farms. As a result, professionalized mining operations are of a greater scale than prior miners and have more defined,
regular expenses and liabilities. These regular expenses and liabilities require professionalized mining operations to more immediately
sell digital assets earned from mining operations on the digital asset exchange market, whereas it is believed that individual miners
in past years were more likely to hold newly mined digital assets for more extended periods. The immediate selling of newly mined digital
assets greatly increases the supply of digital assets on the digital asset exchange market, creating downward pressure on the price of
each digital asset. 

15 

The
extent to which the value of digital assets mined by a professionalized mining operation exceeds the allocable capital and operating
costs determines the profit margin of such operation. A professionalized mining operation may be more likely to sell a higher percentage
of its newly mined digital assets rapidly if it is operating at a low profit margin and it may partially or completely cease operations
if its profit margin is negative. In a low profit margin environment, a higher percentage could be sold into the digital asset exchange
market more rapidly, thereby potentially reducing digital asset prices. Lower digital asset prices could result in further tightening
of profit margins, particularly for professionalized mining operations with higher costs and more limited capital reserves, creating
a network effect that may further reduce the price of digital assets until mining operations with higher operating costs become unprofitable
and remove mining power from the respective digital asset network. The network effect of reduced profit margins resulting in greater
sales of newly mined digital assets could result in a reduction in the price of digital assets that could adversely impact an investment
in us. 

To
the extent that any miners cease to record transactions in solved blocks, transactions that do not include the payment of a transaction
fee will not be recorded on the blockchain until a block is solved by a miner who does not require the payment of transaction fees. Any
widespread delays in the recording of transactions could result in a loss of confidence in that digital asset network, which could adversely
impact an investment in us. 

To
the extent that any miners cease to record transaction in solved blocks, such transactions will not be recorded on the blockchain. Currently,
there are no known incentives for miners to elect to exclude the recording of transactions in solved blocks; however, to the extent that
any such incentives arise (e.g., a collective movement among miners or one or more mining pools forcing bitcoin users to pay transaction
fees as a substitute for or in addition to the award of new bitcoins upon the solving of a block), actions of miners solving a significant
number of blocks could delay the recording and confirmation of transactions on the blockchain. Any systemic delays in the recording and
confirmation of transactions on the blockchain could result in greater exposure to double-spending transactions and a loss of confidence
in certain or all digital asset networks, which could adversely impact an investment in us. 

The
acceptance of digital asset network software patches or upgrades by a significant, but not overwhelming, percentage of the users and
miners in any digital asset network could result in a fork in the respective blockchain, resulting in the operation of
two separate networks until such time as the forked blockchains are merged. The temporary or permanent existence of forked blockchains
could adversely impact an investment in us. 

Digital
asset networks are open source projects and, although there is an influential group of leaders in, for example, the Bitcoin network community
known as the Core Developers, there is no official developer or group of developers that formally controls the Bitcoin
network. Any individual can download the Bitcoin network software and make any desired modifications, which are proposed to users and
miners on the Bitcoin network through software downloads and upgrades, typically posted to the Bitcoin development forum on GitHub.com.
A substantial majority of miners and Bitcoin users must consent to those software modifications by downloading the altered software or
upgrade that implements the changes; otherwise, the changes do not become a part of the Bitcoin network. Since the Bitcoin network s
inception, changes to the Bitcoin network have been accepted by the vast majority of users and miners, ensuring that the Bitcoin network
remains a coherent economic system; however, a developer or group of developers could potentially propose a modification to the Bitcoin
network that is not accepted by a vast majority of miners and users, but that is nonetheless accepted by a substantial population of
participants in the Bitcoin network. In such a case, and if the modification is material and/or not backwards compatible with the prior
version of Bitcoin network software, a fork in the blockchain could develop and two separate Bitcoin networks could result, one running
the pre-modification software program and the other running the modified version (i.e., a second Bitcoin network). Such
a fork in the blockchain typically would be addressed by community-led efforts to merge the forked blockchains, and several prior forks
have been so merged. This kind of split in the Bitcoin network could materially and adversely impact an investment in us and, in the
worst-case scenario, harm the sustainability of the Bitcoin network s economy. 

Intellectual
property rights claims may adversely affect the operation of some or all digital asset networks. 

Third
parties may assert intellectual property claims relating to the holding and transfer of digital assets and their source code. Regardless
of the merit of any intellectual property or other legal action, any threatened action that reduces confidence in some or all digital
asset networks long-term viability or the ability of end-users to hold and transfer digital assets may adversely affect an investment
in us. Additionally, a meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent us and other end-users from accessing some or all digital
asset networks or holding or transferring their digital assets. As a result, an intellectual property claim against us or other large
digital asset network participants could adversely affect an investment in us. 

16 

Political
or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales of digital assets, which could result in a reduction in some or all digital assets 
values and adversely affect an investment in us. 

As
an alternative to fiat currencies that are backed by central governments, digital assets such as bitcoins, which are relatively new,
are subject to supply and demand forces based upon the desirability of an alternative, decentralized means of buying and selling goods
and services, and it is unclear how such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events. Nevertheless, political or economic
crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of digital assets either globally or locally. Large-scale sales of digital assets
would result in a reduction in their value and could adversely affect an investment in us. 

Our
ability to adopt technology in response to changing security needs or trends and reliance on third party, NYDIG, for custody poses
a challenge to the safekeeping of our digital assets. 

The
history of digital asset exchanges has shown that exchanges and large holders of digital assets must adapt to technological change in
order to secure and safeguard their digital assets. We rely on NYDIG s 100 cold storage custody solution held in a purpose-built
physically-secure environment based on established, industry best practices to safeguard our digital assets from theft, loss, destruction
or other issues relating to hackers and technological attack. We believe that it may become a more appealing target of security threats
as the size of our bitcoin holdings grow. To the extent that either NYDIG or we are unable to identify and mitigate or stop new security
threats, our digital assets may be subject to theft, loss, destruction or other attack, which could adversely affect an investment in
us. To the extent that NYDIG is no longer, due to the current banking crisis, able to safeguard our assets, we would be at risk of
loss if safeguarding protocols fail. 

Security
threats to us could result in, a loss of our digital assets, or damage to the reputation and our brand, each of which could adversely
affect an investment in us. 

Security
breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have been a prevalent concern in the digital asset exchange markets, for example
since the launch of the Bitcoin network. Any security breach caused by hacking, which involves efforts to gain unauthorized access to
information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or other computer equipment,
and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses, could harm our business operations or result in loss of our digital assets. Any
breach of our infrastructure could result in damage to our reputation which could adversely affect an investment in us. Furthermore,
we believe that, as our assets grow, it may become a more appealing target for security threats such as hackers and malware. 

17 

We
rely on NYDIG s 100 cold storage custody solution held in a purpose-built physically-secure environment based on established,
industry best practices to safeguard our digital assets from theft, loss, destruction or other issues relating to hackers and technological
attack. Nevertheless, NYDIG s security system may not be impenetrable and may not be free from defect or immune to acts of God,
and any loss due to a security breach, software defect or act of God will be borne by the Company. 

The
security system and operational infrastructure may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, error or malfeasance of an employee
of ours, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our, private keys, data or bitcoins. Additionally,
outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees of ours to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our
infrastructure. As the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently,
or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined event and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may
be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security
system occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security system could be harmed, which could adversely affect an investment
in us. 

In
the event of a security breach, we may be forced to cease operations, or suffer a reduction in assets, the occurrence of each of which
could adversely affect an investment in us. 

A
loss of confidence in our security system, or a breach of our security system, may adversely affect us and the value of an investment
in us. 

We
will take measures to protect us and our digital assets from unauthorized access, damage or theft; however, it is possible that the security
system may not prevent the improper access to, or damage or theft of our digital assets. A security breach could harm our reputation
or result in the loss of some or all of our digital assets. A resulting perception that our measures do not adequately protect our digital
assets could result in a loss of current or potential shareholders, reducing demand for our Common Stock and causing our shares to decrease
in value. 

Digital
asset transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred digital assets may be irretrievable. As a result, any
incorrectly executed digital asset transactions could adversely affect an investment in us. 

Digital
asset transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient
of the transaction or, in theory, control or consent of a majority of the processing power on the respective digital asset network. Once
a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of digital assets or a
theft of digital assets generally will not be reversible, and we may not be capable of seeking compensation for any such transfer or
theft. Although our transfers of digital assets will regularly be made to or from vendors, consultants, services providers, etc. it is
possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our digital assets could be transferred from us
in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties. To the extent that we are unable to seek a corrective transaction with such third
party or are incapable of identifying the third party which has received our digital assets through error or theft, we will be unable
to revert or otherwise recover incorrectly transferred Company digital assets. To the extent that we are unable to seek redress for such
error or theft, such loss could adversely affect an investment in us. 

The
limited rights of legal recourse against us, and our lack of insurance protection expose us and our shareholders to the risk of loss
of our digital assets for which no person is liable. 

The
digital assets held by us are not insured. Therefore, a loss may be suffered with respect to our digital assets which is not covered
by insurance and for which no person is liable in damages which could adversely affect our operations and, consequently, an investment
in us. 

18 

We
may not have adequate sources of recovery if our digital assets are lost, stolen or destroyed. 

If
our digital assets are lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to us, the responsible party may not have
the financial resources sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for
us might be limited to the extent identifiable, other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have
the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of ours. Furthermore, bitcoin is not subject
to FDIC or SIPC protection so the protection afforded to depositors at banking institutions. 

The
sale of our digital assets to pay expenses at a time of low digital asset prices could adversely affect an investment in us. 

We
may sell our digital assets to pay expenses on an as-needed basis, irrespective of then-current prices. Consequently, our digital assets
may be sold at a time when the prices on the respective digital asset exchange market are low, which could adversely affect an investment
in us. 

Regulatory
changes or actions may restrict the use of bitcoins or the operation of the Bitcoin network in a manner that adversely affects an investment
in us. 

Until
recently, little or no regulatory attention has been directed toward bitcoin and the Bitcoin network by U.S. federal and state governments,
foreign governments and self-regulatory agencies. As bitcoin has grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S.
Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the CFTC, the Commission, FinCEN and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun to examine
the operations of the Bitcoin network, bitcoin users and the bitcoin exchange market. 

Digital
assets currently face an uncertain regulatory landscape in not only the United States but also in many foreign jurisdictions such as
the European Union, China and Russia. While certain governments such as Germany, where the Ministry of Finance has declared bitcoin to
be Rechnungseinheiten (a form of private money that is recognized as a unit of account, but not recognized in the
same manner as fiat currency), have issued guidance as to how to treat bitcoin, most regulatory bodies have not yet issued official statements
regarding intention to regulate or determinations on regulation of bitcoin, the Bitcoin network and bitcoin users. 

The
effect of any future regulatory change on us, bitcoins, or other digital assets is impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial
and adverse to us and could adversely affect an investment in us. 

It
may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use digital assets in one or more countries, and ownership of, holding
or trading in our securities may also be considered illegal and subject to sanction. 

Although
currently digital assets are not regulated or are lightly regulated in most countries, including the United States, one or more countries
such as China and Russia may take regulatory actions in the future that severely restricts the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use
digital assets or to exchange digital assets for fiat currency. Such an action may also result in the restriction of ownership, holding
or trading in our securities. Such restrictions may adversely affect an investment in us. 

If
regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require our registration as a money services business MSB under
the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required to register and comply with
such regulations. If regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require the licensing or other registration of us as a money
transmitter (or equivalent designation) under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required to seek licensure or otherwise
register and comply with such state law. In the event of any such requirement, to the extent Marathon decides to continue, the required
registrations, licensure and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses to us. We may also decide
to cease Marathon s operations. Any termination of certain Company operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances
may be at a time that is disadvantageous to investors. 

To
the extent that the activities of Marathon cause it to be deemed an MSB under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority
of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, Marathon may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate Marathon
to implement anti-money laundering programs, make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. 

19 

To
the extent that the activities of Marathon cause it to be deemed a money transmitter MT or equivalent designation,
under state law in any state in which Marathon operates, Marathon may be required to seek a license or otherwise register with a state
regulator and comply with state regulations that may include the implementation of anti-money laundering programs, maintenance of certain
records and other operational requirements. Currently, the NYSDFS has finalized its BitLicense framework for businesses
that conduct virtual currency business activity, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors has proposed a model form of
state level virtual currency regulation and additional state regulators including those from California, Idaho, Virginia,
Kansas, Texas, South Dakota and Washington have made public statements indicating that virtual currency businesses may be required to
seek licenses as money transmitters. In July 2016, North Carolina updated the law to define virtual currency and the activities
that trigger licensure in a business-friendly approach that encourages companies to use virtual currency and blockchain technology. Specifically,
the North Carolina law does not require miners or software providers to obtain a license for multi-signature software, smart contract
platforms, smart property, colored coins and non-hosted, non-custodial wallets. Starting January 1, 2016, New Hampshire requires anyone
who exchanges a digital asset for another currency must become a licensed and bonded money transmitter. In numerous other states, including
Connecticut and New Jersey, legislation is being proposed or has been introduced regarding the treatment of bitcoin and other digital
assets. Marathon will continue to monitor for developments in such legislation, guidance or regulations. 

Such
additional federal or state regulatory obligations may cause Marathon to incur extraordinary expenses, possibly affecting an investment
in the Shares in a material and adverse manner. Furthermore, Marathon and its service providers may not be capable of complying with
certain federal or state regulatory obligations applicable to MSBs and MTs. If Marathon is deemed to be subject to and determines not
to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may act to dissolve and liquidate Marathon. Any such action
may adversely affect an investment in us. 

Current
interpretations require the regulation of bitcoins under the CEA by the CFTC, we may be required to register and comply with such regulations.
To the extent that we decide to continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary,
non-recurring expenses to us. We may also decide to cease certain operations. Any disruption of our operations in response to the changed
regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to investors. 

Current
and future legislation, CFTC and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory authority, may impact
the manner in which bitcoins are treated for classification and clearing purposes. In particular, bitcoin derivatives are not excluded
from the definition of commodity future by the CFTC. We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will
impact the treatment of bitcoins under the law. 

Bitcoins
have been deemed to fall within the definition of a commodity and, we may be required to register and comply with additional regulation
under the CEA, including additional periodic report and disclosure standards and requirements. Moreover, we may be required to register
as a commodity pool operator and to register us as a commodity pool with the CFTC through the National Futures Association. Such additional
registrations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting an investment in us. If
we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations.
Any such action may adversely affect an investment in us. No CFTC orders or rulings are applicable to our business. 

If
regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of bitcoins under the Securities Act and Investment Company Act by the Commission,
we may be required to register and comply with such regulations. To the extent that we decide to continue operations, the required registrations
and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses to us. We may also decide to cease certain operations.
Any disruption of our operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to investors.
This would likely have a material adverse effect on us and investors may lose their investment. 

Current
and future legislation and the Commission rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory
authority, may impact the manner in which bitcoins are treated for classification and clearing purposes. The Commission s July
25, 2017 Report expressed its view that digital assets may be securities depending on the facts and circumstances. As of the date of
this prospectus, we are not aware of any rules that have been proposed to regulate bitcoins as securities. We cannot be certain as to
how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoins under the law. Such additional registrations may result in extraordinary,
non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting an investment in us. If we determine not to comply with such additional
regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations. Any such action may adversely affect an investment
in us. 

20 

To
the extent that digital assets including bitcoins and other digital assets we may own are deemed by the Commission to fall within the
definition of a security, we may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the 1940 Act, including additional
periodic reporting and disclosure standards and requirements and the registration of our Company as an investment company. Additionally,
one or more states may conclude bitcoins and other digital assets we may own are a security under state securities laws which would require
registration under state laws including merit review laws which would adversely impact us since we would likely not comply. As stated
earlier in this prospectus, some states including California define the term investment contract more strictly than the
Commission. Such additional registrations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of our Company, thereby materially and
adversely impacting an investment in our Company. If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements,
we may seek to cease all or certain parts of our operations. Any such action would likely adversely affect an investment in us and investors
may suffer a complete loss of their investment. 

If
federal or state legislatures or agencies initiate or release tax determinations that change the classification of bitcoins as property
for tax purposes (in the context of when such bitcoins are held as an investment), such determination could have a negative tax consequence
on our Company or our shareholders. 

Current
IRS guidance indicates that digital assets such as bitcoin should be treated and taxed as property, and that transactions involving the
payment of bitcoin for goods and services should be treated as barter transactions. While this treatment creates a potential tax reporting
requirement for any circumstance where the ownership of a bitcoin passes from one person to another, usually by means of bitcoin transactions
(including off-blockchain transactions), it preserves the right to apply capital gains treatment to those transactions which may adversely
affect an investment in our Company. 

The
loss or destruction of a private key required to access a digital asset may be irreversible. Our loss of access to our private keys or
our experience of a data loss relating to our Company s digital assets could adversely affect an investment in our Company. 

Digital
assets are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public key and private key relating to the local or online digital wallet
in which the digital assets are held. We are required by the operation of digital asset networks to publish the public key relating to
a digital wallet in use by us when it first verifies a spending transaction from that digital wallet and disseminates such information
into the respective network. We safeguard and keep private the private keys relating to our digital assets by relying on NYDIG s
100 cold storage custody solution held in a purpose-built physically-secure environment based on established, industry best practices
to safeguard our digital assets from theft, loss, destruction or other issues relating to hackers and technological attack; to the extent
a private key is lost, destroyed or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private key is accessible, we will be unable to access
the digital assets held by it and the private key will not be capable of being restored by the respective digital asset network. Any
loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our digital assets could adversely affect an investment in us. 

If
the award of digital assets for solving blocks and transaction fees for recording transactions are not sufficiently high to cover expenses
related to running data center operations, it may have adverse effects on an investment in us. 

If
the award of new digital assets for solving blocks declines and transaction fees are not sufficiently high, we may not have an adequate
incentive to continue our mining operations, which may adversely impact an investment in us. 

21 

As
the number of digital assets awarded for solving a block in the blockchain decreases, the incentive for miners to continue to contribute
processing power to the respective digital asset network will transition from a set reward to transaction fees. Either the requirement
from miners of higher transaction fees in exchange for recording transactions in the blockchain or a software upgrade that automatically
charges fees for all transactions may decrease demand for digital assets and prevent the expansion of the digital asset networks to retail
merchants and commercial businesses, resulting in a reduction in the price of digital assets that could adversely impact an investment
in us. 

In
order to incentivize miners to continue to contribute processing power to any digital asset network, such network may either formally
or informally transition from a set reward to transaction fees earned upon solving for a block. This transition could be accomplished
either by miners independently electing to record in the blocks they solve only those transactions that include payment of a transaction
fee or by the digital asset network adopting software upgrades that require the payment of a minimum transaction fee for all transactions.
If transaction fees paid for digital asset transactions become too high, the marketplace may be reluctant to accept digital assets as
a means of payment and existing users may be motivated to switch from one digital asset to another digital asset or back to fiat currency.
Decreased use and demand for bitcoins that we have accumulated may adversely affect their value and may adversely impact an investment
in us. 

Fluctuations
in the price of bitcoin may significantly influence the market price of our bitcoin holdings and therefore the price of our class A common
stock 

To
the extent investors view the value of our class A common stock as linked to the value or change in the value of our bitcoin, fluctuations
in the price of bitcoin may significantly influence the market price of our class A common stock. 

Our
bitcoin holdings could subject us to regulatory scrutiny 

As
noted above, several bitcoin investment vehicles have attempted to list their shares on a U.S. national securities exchange to permit
them to function in the manner of an ETF with continuous share creation and redemption at NAV. To date the SEC has declined to approve
any such listing, citing concerns over the surveillance of trading in markets for the underlying bitcoin as well as concerns about fraud
and manipulation in bitcoin trading markets. Even though we do not function in the manner of an ETF and do not offer continuous share
creation and redemption at NAV, it is possible that we nevertheless could face regulatory scrutiny from the SEC, as a company with securities
traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

In
addition, as digital assets, including bitcoin, have grown in popularity and market size, there has been increasing focus on the extent
to which digital assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities or fund criminal or terrorist activities, or entities
subject to sanctions regimes. While we have implemented and maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance
with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations and take care to only acquire our bitcoin through entities subject
to anti money laundering regulation and related compliance rules in the United States, if we are found to have purchased any of our bitcoin
from bad actors that have used bitcoin to launder money or persons subject to sanctions, we may be subject to regulatory proceedings
and further transactions or dealings in bitcoin may be restricted or prohibited. 

Due
to the unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many bitcoin trading venues, they may experience fraud,
security failures or operational problems, which may adversely affect the value of our bitcoin 

Bitcoin
trading venues are relatively new and, in some cases, unregulated. Furthermore, there are many bitcoin trading venues which do not provide
the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices and regulatory compliance.
As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in bitcoin trading venues, including prominent exchanges that handle a significant volume
of bitcoin trading. 

Negative
perception, a lack of stability in the broader bitcoin markets and the closure or temporary shutdown of bitcoin trading venues due to
fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in bitcoin and result in greater
volatility in the prices of bitcoin. To the extent investors view our common stock as linked to the value of our bitcoin holdings, these
potential consequences of a bitcoin trading venue s failure could have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common
stock. 

22 

The
price of bitcoin may be influenced by regulatory, commercial, and technical factors that are highly uncertain 

Bitcoin
and other digital assets are relatively novel and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may adversely impact their price.
For example, the application of securities laws and other regulations to such assets is unclear in certain respects, and it is possible
that regulators in the United States or foreign countries may create new regulations or interpret laws in a manner that adversely affects
the price of bitcoin. The growth of the digital assets industry in general, and the use and acceptance of bitcoin in particular, may
also impact the price of bitcoin and is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The pace of worldwide growth in the adoption and use
of bitcoin may depend, for instance, on public familiarity with digital assets, ease of buying and accessing bitcoin, institutional demand
for bitcoin as an investment asset, consumer demand for bitcoin as a means of payment, and the availability and popularity of alternatives
to bitcoin. Even if growth in bitcoin adoption occurs in the near or medium-term, there is no assurance that bitcoin usage will continue
to grow over the long-term. Because bitcoin has no physical existence beyond the record of transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain, a
variety of technical factors related to the Bitcoin blockchain could also impact the price of bitcoin. For example, malicious attacks
by miners who validate bitcoin transactions, inadequate mining fees to incentivize validating of bitcoin transactions,
hard forks of the Bitcoin blockchain into multiple blockchains, and advances in quantum computing could undercut the integrity
of the Bitcoin blockchain and negatively affect the price of bitcoin. The liquidity of bitcoin may also be reduced and damage to the
public perception of bitcoin may occur, if financial institutions were to deny banking services to businesses that hold bitcoin, provide
bitcoin-related services or accept bitcoin as payment, which could also decrease the price of bitcoin. 

We
are subject to an extensive, highly evolving and uncertain regulatory and business landscape and any adverse changes to, or our failure
to comply with, any laws and regulations, and adverse business reactions from counterparties could adversely affect our brand, reputation,
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our
business is subject to extensive laws, rules, regulations, policies, orders, determinations, directives, treaties, and legal and regulatory
interpretations and guidance, as well as counterparty risk in the markets in which we operate, including regulatory aspects from financial
services, federal energy and other regulators, the SEC, the CFTC, credit, crypto asset custody, exchange, and transfer, cross-border
and domestic money and crypto asset transmission, consumer and commercial lending, usury, foreign currency exchange, privacy, data governance,
data protection, cybersecurity, fraud detection, antitrust and competition, bankruptcy, tax, anti-bribery, economic and trade sanctions,
anti-money laundering, and counter-terrorist financing, as well as the same regulatory risks applicable to counterparties, most notably
hosting businesses, as well as the recent economic issues and bankruptcies befalling some in this industry. Many of these legal and regulatory
regimes were adopted prior to the advent of the internet, mobile technologies, crypto assets, and related technologies. As a result,
some applicable laws and regulations do not contemplate or address unique issues associated with the crypto economy, are subject to significant
uncertainty, and vary widely across U.S. federal, state, and local and international jurisdictions. These legal and regulatory regimes,
including the laws, rules, and regulations thereunder, evolve frequently and may be modified, interpreted, and applied in an inconsistent
manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another. Moreover, the complexity and evolving nature of our business
and the significant uncertainty surrounding the regulation of the crypto economy requires us to exercise our judgment as to whether certain
laws, rules, and regulations apply to us, and it is possible that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our conclusions.
To the extent we have not complied with such laws, rules, and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines, revocation of licenses,
limitations on our products and services, reputational harm, and other regulatory consequences, each of which may be significant and
could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Additionally,
various governmental and regulatory bodies, including legislative and executive bodies, in the United States and in other countries may
adopt new laws and regulations, the direction and timing of which may be influenced by changes in the governing administrations and major
events in the crypto economy. For example, following the failure of several prominent crypto trading venues and lending platforms, such
as FTX, Celsius Networks, Voyager and Three Arrows Capital in 2022 (even though these do not directly affect our business), the U.S.
Congress expressed the need for both greater federal oversight of the crypto economy and comprehensive cryptocurrency legislation. In
the near future, various governmental and regulatory bodies, including in the United States, may introduce new policies, laws, and regulations
relating to crypto assets and the crypto economy generally, and crypto asset platforms in particular. The failures of risk management
and other control functions at other companies that played a role in these events could accelerate an existing regulatory trend toward
stricter oversight of crypto asset platforms and the crypto economy. 

23 

Due
to our business activities, we may be subject to ongoing examinations, oversight, and reviews and currently are, and expect in the future,
to be subject to investigations and inquiries, by U.S. federal and state regulators, many of which have broad discretion to audit and
examine our business. Moreover, new laws, regulations, or interpretations may result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations,
and enforcement or other actions, including preventing or delaying us from offering certain products or services offered by our competitors
or could impact how we offer such products and services. Adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations
have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our reputation and brand and our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

We
may have further restrictions on our liquidity due to unique risks which we could face in 2023. 

The
risks to our liquidity outlook would include the following: 

Deteriorating
 macroeconomic conditions as a result of the potential for recession in 2023 discussed in the media 

Additional
 challenges arising from catastrophic events (such the FTX collapse and multiple bankruptcies of bitcoin mining companies in 2022
 and 2023) that would adversely affect the credibility of, and therefore investor confidence in, companies engaged in the digital
 assets space 

Additional
 declines in bitcoin prices and/or production, and increases in electricity costs which could adversely impact both the value of our
 bitcoin holdings and our ongoing profitability 

Further
 instability in the banking system and collapse of more banking institutions which could put
 the liquidity and cash assets of third parties with which we do business such as miner hosting
 entities and suppliers and us, if we bank in the future with an institution which subsequently
 collapses 

If
we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our bitcoin,
we may lose some or all of our bitcoin and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected 

Security
breaches and cyberattacks are of particular concern with respect to our bitcoin. Bitcoin and other blockchain-based digital assets have
been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. A successful security breach
or cyberattack could result in a partial or total loss of our bitcoin in a manner that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity provisions
of the custody agreement with a custodian who holds our bitcoin. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. 

Variability
in intellectual property laws may adversely affect our intellectual property position. 

Intellectual
property laws, and patent laws and regulations in particular, have been subject to significant variability either through administrative
or legislative changes to such laws or regulations or changes or differences in judicial interpretation, and it is expected that such
variability will continue to occur. Additionally, intellectual property laws and regulations differ among states, and countries. Variations
in the patent laws and regulations or in interpretations of patent laws and regulations in the United States and other countries may
diminish the value of our intellectual property and may change the impact of third-party intellectual property on us. Accordingly, we
cannot predict the scope of patents that may be granted to us, the extent to which we will be able to enforce our patents against third
parties, or the extent to which third parties may be able to enforce their patents against us. 

24 

We
may seek to internally develop additional new inventions and intellectual property, which would take time and be costly. Moreover, the
failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for such inventions would lead to the loss of our investments in such activities. 

We
may in the future seek to engage in commercial business ventures or seek internal development of new inventions or intellectual property.
These activities would require significant amounts of financial, managerial and other resources and would take time to achieve. Such
activities could also distract our management team from its present business initiatives, which could have a material and adverse effect
on our business. There is also the risk that such initiatives may not yield any viable new business or revenue, inventions or technology,
which would lead to a loss of our investment in such activities. 

In
addition, even if we are able to internally develop new inventions, in order for those inventions to be viable and to compete effectively,
we would need to develop and maintain, and we would be heavily reliant upon, a proprietary position with respect to such inventions and
intellectual property. However, there are significant risks associated with any such intellectual property we may develop principally
including the following: 

Patent
 applications we may file may not result in issued patents or may take longer than we expect to result in issued patents; 

We
 may be subject to interference proceedings; 

We
 may be subject to opposition proceedings in the U.S. or foreign countries; 

Any
 patents that are issued to us may not provide meaningful protection; 

We
 may not be able to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

Other
 companies may challenge patents issued to us; 

Other
 companies may have independently developed and/or patented (or may in the future independently develop and patent) similar or alternative
 technologies, or duplicate our technologies; 

Other
 companies may design around technologies we have developed; 

And
 enforcement of our patents would be complex, uncertain and very expensive. 

We
cannot be certain that patents will be issued as a result of any future patent applications, or that any of our patents, once issued,
will provide us with adequate protection from competing products. For example, issued patents may be circumvented or challenged, declared
invalid or unenforceable or narrowed in scope. In addition, since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often
lags behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we will be the first to make our additional new inventions or to file patent
applications covering those inventions. It is also possible that others may have or may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from
commercializing our products or require us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable
us to conduct our business. As to those patents that we may acquire, our continued rights will depend on meeting any obligations to the
seller and we may be unable to do so. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for our inventions would lead to
the loss of our investments in such activities, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 

Moreover,
patent application delays could cause delays in recognizing revenue from our internally generated patents and could cause us to miss
opportunities to license patents before other competing technologies are developed or introduced into the market. We are not actively
pursuing any commercialization opportunities or internally generated patents. 

25 

We
are highly dependent on the continued services of our small team of executives. 

We
are dependent upon the efforts and services of our small executive team. While we have a preliminary plan for succession of certain key
executive, the loss of any one of our key executives could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses
in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our
financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 requires that we document and test
our internal control over financial reporting and issue management s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Based on our assessment, as of December 31, 2022, we concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting contained material weaknesses. To remediate these material weaknesses, our management has been implementing and continues to
implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these
controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 

We
believe that these actions will remediate the material weakness. However, the remediation cannot be deemed successful until the applicable
controls operate for a sufficient period of time and our management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating
effectively. If we fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the accuracy and timeliness of the
filing of our annual and quarterly reports may be materially adversely affected and could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, a material weakness
in the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased chance of fraud and the loss of customers,
reduce our ability to obtain financing and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements, each of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We have unresolved SEC Staff Comments. 

As stated in Item 1B of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have unresolved
SEC Staff Comments. While we have restated our financial statements based on comments received to date, these comments remain unresolved
and are subject to further review and comment by the Staff. We believe we have addressed all of the Staff concerns; however, until the
Staff has completed its review, we have no assurance that unresolved comments, or additional comments from the Staff, will not result
in the need for additional restatements of our previously-issued financial statements. This is not a likely result, in our view, but if
this were the case, we could be subject to a further restatement. 

We
rely on third party hosting, which, among other things, often requires us to give the hosting company, a first lien on the mining rigs
installed on the site and creates business risk for us. 

We
do not self-host our mining rigs and rely upon third party hosting facilities to power our mining rigs. We are dependent upon the financial
viability of our hosting parties, and in 2022, several large publicly traded hosting companies have met with severe financial issues,
including bankruptcies. Furthermore, in most hosting contracts, there is a requirement that the miner agree to permit the hosting company
to place a lien on the actual mining machines being hosted. If the hosting company files for bankruptcy, it may take months for the liens
to be lifted, while the bankruptcy court and parties litigate these contracts and resolves issues as to ownership of assets and related
areas. In these contracts, we also are often required to make significant deposits against future mining fees. If the hosting party utilizes
the deposits, we could risk loss of the deposits and be left with an unsecured claim in the bankruptcy. Lastly, as the bankruptcy process
includes an automatic stay in favor of the debtor company, until the stay is lifted or a bankruptcy plan approved, we may not be able
to move our mining rigs to a different location, even if the debtor rejects our hosting contract. 

Bitcoin
prices are very volatile and this may affect our ability to effectively manage growth plans and our profitability. 

The
price of bitcoin is extremely volatile and in fiscal 2022 was in a range between approximately 15,600 and 48,100. The cost to mine
a bitcoin is independent of the then current price of bitcoin, so when prices are low, the cost per coin to mine may consume much of
our available cash which means that there is less capital with which to invest in future company growth. Similarly, when prices are low,
our profitability is decreased on a dollar for dollar basis correlated to the then price of bitcoin. Given the volatility of bitcoin,
these factors render us unable to accurately predict in advance what our growth plans may be and accurately forecast any revenue and
profitability projections for any reporting period. 

26 

We
have commenced doing business overseas, and different countries have differing degrees of political, legal and fiscal stability. This
exposes us to a wide range of political developments that could result in changes to contractual terms, laws and regulations. In addition,
we and our joint arrangements and associates face the risk of litigation and disputes worldwide. 

Developments
in politics, laws and regulations can and do affect our operations. Potential impacts include: forced divestment of assets; expropriation
of property; cancellation or forced renegotiation of contract rights; additional taxes including windfall taxes, restrictions on deductions
and retroactive tax claims; antitrust claims; changes to trade compliance regulations; price controls; local content requirements; foreign
exchange controls; changes to environmental regulations; changes to regulatory interpretations and enforcement; and changes to disclosure
requirements. Any of these, individually or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial
condition. 

From
time to time, social and political factors play a role in unprecedented and unanticipated judicial outcomes that could adversely affect
us. Non-compliance with policies and regulations could result in regulatory investigations, litigation and, ultimately, sanctions. Certain
governments and regulatory bodies have, in our opinion, exceeded their constitutional authority by: attempting unilaterally to amend
or cancel existing agreements or arrangements; failing to honour existing contractual commitments; and seeking to adjudicate disputes
between private litigants. Additionally, certain governments have adopted laws and regulations that could potentially force us to violate
other countries laws and regulations, therefore potentially subjecting us to both criminal and civil sanctions. Such developments
and outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to expand our organization to match the growth of our activities . 

As
our operations grow, the administrative demands and scaling demands upon us will grow, and our success will depend upon our ability to
meet those demands. Both the parent company and each of our subsidiaries
require certain financial, managerial and other resources, which could create challenges to our ability to successfully manage our subsidiaries
and operations and impact our ability to assure compliance with our policies, practices and procedures. These demands include, but are
not limited to, increased executive, accounting, management, legal services, staff support and general office services. We may need to
hire additional qualified personnel to meet these demands, the cost and quality of which is dependent in part upon market factors outside
of our control. Further, we will need to effectively manage the training and growth of our staff to maintain an efficient and effective
workforce, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business and operating results. Currently, we have limited personnel in
our organization to meet our organizational and administrative demands. 

Risks
Relating to Marathon s Stock 

Exercise
or conversion of warrants and other convertible securities will dilute shareholder s percentage of ownership. 

We
have issued convertible securities, options and warrants to purchase shares of our Common Stock to our officers, directors, consultants
and certain shareholders. In the future, we may grant additional options, warrants and convertible securities. The exercise, conversion
or exchange of options, warrants or convertible securities, including for other securities, will dilute the percentage ownership of our
shareholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional
capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert such options, warrants and convertible securities at
a time when we would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than such securities or when our Common Stock
is trading at a price higher than the exercise or conversion price of the securities. The exercise or conversion of outstanding warrants,
options and convertible securities will have a dilutive effect on the securities held by our shareholders. We have in the past, and may
in the future, exchange outstanding securities for other securities on terms that are dilutive to the securities held by other shareholders
not participating in such exchange. 

27 

Our
Common Stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq if we fail to comply with continued listing standards. 

Our
Common Stock is currently traded on Nasdaq under the symbol MARA . If we fail to meet any of the continued listing standards
of Nasdaq, our Common Stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. The continued listing standards include specifically enumerated criteria,
such as: 

A
 1.00 minimum closing bid price; 

Stockholders 
 equity of 2,500 thousand; 

500,000
 shares of publicly held Common Stock with a market value of at least 1,000 thousand; 

300
 round-lot stockholders; and 

Compliance
 with Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements, as well as additional or more stringent criteria that may be applied in the
 exercise of Nasdaq s discretionary authority. 

Our
stock price is volatile. 

The
market price of our Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

Changes
 in our industry including changes which adversely affect bitcoin and other digital assets; 

Changes
 in bitcoin pricing; 

Competitive
 pricing pressures; 

Our
 ability to obtain working capital financing; 

Additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

Sales
 of our Common Stock; 

Our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

Operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

Loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

Regulatory
 developments; and 

Economic
 and other external factors. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our Common Stock. 

28 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for financial accounting of bitcoin and other cryptocurrency assets, the determination that
we have made for how to account for cryptocurrency assets transactions may be subject to change. 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for the financial accounting of cryptocurrencies and related revenue recognition and no official
guidance has yet been provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC, it is unclear how companies
may in the future be required to account for cryptocurrency transactions and assets and related revenue recognition. A change in regulatory
or financial accounting standards could result in the necessity to change our accounting methods and restate our financial statements.
Such a restatement could adversely affect the accounting for our newly mined cryptocurrency rewards and more generally negatively impact
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our
ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects or operations as well as and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account
and harm investors. 

We
have never paid nor do we expect in the near future to pay cash dividends. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable
future. While it is possible that we may declare a dividend after a large settlement, investors should not rely on such a possibility,
nor should they rely on an investment in us if they require income generated from dividends paid on our capital stock. Any income derived
from our Common Stock would only come from rise in the market price of our Common Stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock may cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period
or lockup agreements, under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or other convertible securities, it could create
a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our Common Stock could
fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to
raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable
or appropriate. The shares of our restricted Common Stock will be freely tradable upon the earlier of: (i) effectiveness of a registration
statement covering such shares and (ii) the date on which such shares may be sold without registration pursuant to Rule 144 (or other
applicable exemption) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ). 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

The Company received Staff comments during 2022 which are material and
still under review as set forth below. We additionally have described below certain comments more recently received which relate to certain
restatement items in this Form 10-K in order to provide complete disclosure and not imply that the restated items set forth below have
been fully resolved. 

Revenue recognition. The Staff commented on the Company s
revenue recognition policy in its capacity as a pool operator and in its capacity as a pool participant, with specific attention on the
Company s previous net recognition of revenue as an operator of a pool. The Company has, in the restated financial results, revised
its revenue to include gross revenue earned as pool operator with any amounts remitted to third party pool participants as cost of revenue.
The Staff further commented on the Company s accounting convention to recognize its noncash (bitcoin) revenue using fair value that
is not at contract inception. The Company has evaluated the difference between its current accounting policy and fair value at contract
inception and has determined that any differences in revenue are not material for all periods stated. 

Impairment of bitcoin. The Staff objected to the Company s
calculation of impairment of bitcoin using a daily closing price. The Company has, in the restated financial results, revised its calculation
to calculate impairment of bitcoin using the intraday low price of bitcoin. 

Accounting for investment fund. The Staff commented on whether the
Company should have consolidated an investment fund in which the Company was the sole limited partner and, if so, whether its accounting
for the income and expenses of the investment fund were appropriately classified within the Company s Statements of Other Comprehensive
Income (Loss). The Company has since determined it would consolidate the NYDIG Fund and updated its classification of income and expenses
of the investment fund within the Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) as part of the restated financial results. 

Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Presentation. The
Staff has commented on the classification and inclusion of certain items in loss from operation versus in other income (expense). These
items include realized gain (loss) on sales of digital assets, interest income, impairment on digital assets and patents, and gain on
sale of equipment. The Company has since revised its presentation prospectively, and in the restated financial results. 

Embedded leases in Hosting and Power Arrangements. The Staff has
asked the Company for a comprehensive analysis around whether each of its server hosting arrangements contain embedded leases. The Company
has provided such analysis and included any required disclosure as a result of such analysis in the Notes to its Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Investments. The Staff has requested fulsome analysis of the Company s
accounting for various Simple Agreements on Future Equity SAFEs and its investment in equity of certain investees. The
Company has provided such analysis and has included impacts of any change in accounting for such investments in the restated financial
results. 

Risk factors. The Staff has requested further disclosure on material
risks due to regulations, ability to obtain financing, reputational harm, and depreciation of digital assets prices. The Company has considered
such risks and has made the disclosures accordingly. 

Bitcoin as collateral. The Staff has raised several comments on
the Company s accounting for bitcoin used as collateral within the Company s lending arrangements. The Company continues to
respond to the Staff s comments based on its application of U.S. GAAP and has not changed its classification of such bitcoin used
as collateral as Digital assets, restricted. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company leases office space at the following locations under operating lease agreements: 

1180
 North Town Center Drive, Suite 100, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144 

Tower
 101, 101 NE Third Avenue, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33301 

300
 Spectrum Center Drive, Irvine CA, 92618 

3306
 5th Street SE, East Wenatchee, Washington, 98802 

512
 N. Douglas Ave., Oklahoma City, OK, 73106 

29 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Compute
North Bankruptcy 

On
September 22, 2022, Compute North Holdings, Inc. (currently d/b/a Mining Project Wind Down Holdings, Inc.) and certain of its affiliates
(collectively, Compute North filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Compute North provided operating services to
the Company and hosted our mining rigs at multiple facilities. We delivered miners to Compute North, which then installed the mining
rigs at those facilities, operated and maintained the mining rigs, and provided energy to keep the miners operating. During the course
of the chapter 11 cases, Compute North sold substantially all of their assets in a series of 363 sale transactions, including Compute
North s ownership interests in non-debtor entities that own or partially-own facilities that house our miners. 

On
November 23, 2022, the Company and certain of its affiliates timely filed proofs of claim asserting various claims against Compute North,
including: (i) claims arising under hosting agreements between the Company and Compute North LLC; (ii) claims arising under that certain
Senior Promissory Note, dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between the Company, as Lender, and Compute North LLC, as Borrower; (iii) claims
arising from the breach of a letter of intent between us and Compute North LLC; and (iv) claims for daily lost revenue, profits and other
damages against Compute North. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Bankruptcy Court approved a stipulation among and between the Company, Compute North, Generate Lending, LLC and
certain affiliates Generate ), and MVP Logistics, LLC MVP ), whereby Compute North, Generate, and MVP agreed
to allow the Company to retrieve our uninstalled miners located at relevant facilities and reject all Compute North s agreements
with us. Compute North also agreed to release all its claims against the Company regarding certain disputed invoices for warehousing
and logistics. 

On
February 9, 2023, the Bankruptcy Court approved a settlement stipulation between the Company and Compute North, pursuant to which the
proofs of claim filed by the Company and certain of its affiliates were resolved, and the Company received a single allowed unsecured
claim against Compute North LLC in the amount of 40,000,000 and its Preferred Equity Interests in Compute North Holdings, Inc. in the
amount of 39,597 shares of Series C Preferred Stock was confirmed. In exchange, the Company agreed to vote in favor of Compute North s
chapter 11 plan. 

On
February 16, 2023, the Bankruptcy Court confirmed Compute North s chapter 11 plan (the Plan ), pursuant to which Compute
North will liquidate its remaining assets and distribute proceeds arising therefrom in accordance with the waterfall set forth in the
Plan. In its disclosure statement filed on December 19, 2022, the Compute North Debtors projected that holders of allowed general unsecured
claims could recover anywhere between 8 to 65 on their claims, while holders of preferred equity interests are expected to recover
nothing on their interests. At this time, the Company cannot predict the quantum of its potential recovery on account of its allowed
general unsecured claim and preferred equity interests or the timing of when it would receive any distributions under the Plan on account
of its claims and interests. 

Derivative
Complaints 

On
February 18, 2022, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, against
current and former members of the Company s board of directors and senior management. The complaint is based on allegations substantially
similar to the allegations in the December 2021 putative class action complaint, related to the Company s disclosure of an SEC
investigation previously made by the Company on November 15, 2021. On March 4, 2022, the complaint was served on the Company. On April
4, 2022, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 

On
May 5, 2022, a second shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, against
current and former members of the Company s board of directors and senior management. The second shareholder derivative complaint
is based on allegations substantially similar to the allegations in the February 18, 2022 derivative complaint. On May 11, 2022, the
defendants moved to dismiss the second shareholder derivative complaint. 

30 

On
June 1, 2022, the Court entered an order consolidating the two derivative actions. A June 13, 2022 scheduling order provided for plaintiffs
to file a consolidated complaint and for renewed motions to dismiss the consolidated shareholder derivative complaint. On November 22,
2022, before a consolidated complaint was due, plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed both actions without prejudice. On November 23, 2022,
both actions were closed. 

Putative
Class Action Complaint 

On
December 17, 2021, a putative class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, against
the Company and present and former senior management. The complaint alleges securities fraud related to the disclosure of an SEC investigation
previously made by the Company on November 15, 2021. Plaintiff Tad Schlatre served the complaint on the Company on March 1, 2022. On
September 12, 2022, the court appointed Carlos Marina as lead plaintiff. On October 21, 2022, lead plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the
complaint without prejudice. 

Information
Subpoena 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a series of agreements with multiple parties to design and build a data center for up to 100-megawatts
in Hardin, MT. In conjunction therewith, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on October 13, 2020. The 8-K discloses that,
pursuant to a Data Facility Services Agreement, the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of restricted Common Stock, in transactions exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company
and certain of its executives received a subpoena to produce documents and communications concerning the Hardin, Montana data center
facility described in our Form 8-K dated October 13, 2020. We understand that the SEC may be investigating whether or not there may have
been any violations of the federal securities law. We are cooperating with the SEC. 

On
January 14, 2021, Plaintiff Michael Ho Plaintiff or Ho filed a Civil Complaint for Damages and Restitution Complaint against the Company and 10 Doe Defendants. The Complaint alleges six causes of action against the Company,
(1) Breach of Written Contract; (2) Breach of Implied Contract; (3) Quasi-Contract; (4) Services Rendered; (5) Intentional Interference
with Prospective Economic Relations; and (6) Negligent Interference with Prospective Economic Relations, which is the one plead against
 all Defendants and is most likely to involve later named defendants. The claims arise from the same set of facts, Ho alleges
that the Company profited from commercially sensitive information he shared with the Company and then it refused to compensate him for
his role in securing the acquisition of a supplier of energy for the Company. On February 22, 2021, the Company responded to Mr. Ho s
Complaint with a general denial and the assertion of applicable affirmative defenses. Then, on February 25, 2021, the Company removed
the action to the United States District Court in the Central District of California, where the action remains pending. The Company filed
a motion for summary judgment/adjudication of all causes of action. On February 11, 2022, the Court granted the motion and dismissed
Ho s 2nd, 5th and 6th causes of action. Discovery is substantially closed. The Court held a pre-trial conference on February 24,
2022, where it vacated the March 3, 2022 trial date and ordered the parties to meet and confer on a new trial date. The Court discussed
the various theories of damages maintained by the parties. In its ruling on the summary judgment motion and at the pre-trial conference
on February 24, 2022, the Court noted that a jury is more likely to accept 150,000 as an appropriate damages amount if liability is
found, as opposed to the various theories espoused by Ho that result in multi-million-dollar recoveries. Due to outstanding issues of
fact and law, it is impossible to predict the outcome at this time; however, after consulting legal counsel, the Company is confident
that it will prevail in this litigation, since it did not have a contract with Mr. Ho and he did not disclose any commercially sensitive
information under any mutual nondisclosure agreement that was used to structure any joint venture with energy providers. The trial has
been rescheduled for the week of May 8, 2023. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol MARA . 

Holders 

As
of March 13, 2023, there were 254 holders of record of 167,247,030
 shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

2012,
2014, 2017 and 2018 Equity Incentive Plans 

The
following table gives information about the Company s common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options granted to employees,
directors and consultants under its 2012, 2014, 2017 and 2018 Equity Incentive Plans as of December 31, 2022. On August 1, 2012, our
board of directors and stockholders adopted the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, pursuant to which 96,154 shares of our common stock are reserved
for issuance as awards to employees, directors, consultants, advisors and other service providers. On September 16, 2014, our board of
directors adopted the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, subsequently approved by the shareholders on July 31, 2015, pursuant to which up to
125,000 shares of our common stock, stock options, restricted stock, preferred stock, stock-based awards and other awards are reserved
for issuance as awards to employees, directors, consultants, advisors and other service providers. On September 6, 2017, our board of
directors adopted the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, subsequently approved by the shareholders on September 29, 2017, pursuant to which
up to 625,000 shares of our common stock, stock options, restricted stock, preferred stock, stock-based awards and other awards are reserved
for issuance as awards to employees, directors, consultants, advisors and other service providers. On January 1, 2018, our board of directors
adopted the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, subsequently approved by the shareholders on March 7, 2018, pursuant to which up to 2,500,000
shares of our common stock, stock options, restricted stock, preferred stock, stock-based awards and other awards are reserved for issuance
as awards to employees, directors, consultants, advisors and other service providers. On January 15, 2021, the Company s shareholders
approved an increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan by 5,000,000 shares, which
increase took effect automatically. As of March 13, 2023, the 2012, 2014, 2017 and 2018 Equity Incentive Plans had outstanding grants
and remaining unissued shares, taking into account issuance of restricted stock to officers and directors, as follows: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 324,375 
 25.00 
 4,013,834 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 324,375 
 25.00 
 4,013,834 

Recent
Repurchases of Securities 

None. 

32 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis is intended
as a review of significant factors affecting our financial condition and results of operations for the periods indicated. The discussion
should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes presented herein. In addition to historical information,
the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ significantly from those expressed, implied, or anticipated in
these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed herein and any other periodic reports filed and to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
report and other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission contain forward-looking statements that are based
on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management s
assumptions. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, outlook, 
 forecast, would, could, should, project, intend, 
 plan, continue, sustain , on track , believe, seek, 
 estimate, anticipate, may, assume, and variations of such words and similar expressions
are often used to identify such forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward- looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, assumptions,
and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in our reports that we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Except to the extent required
by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result
of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS has been amended and restated to give effect to the restatement, as more fully described
in NOTE 2 RESTATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT to our accompanying audited Consolidated Financial Statements
contained in this Form 10-K. For further detail regarding the Restatement, see EXPLANATORY NOTE and Part II, ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
contained in this Form 10-K. 

Business
Overview 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 23, 2010 under the name Verve Ventures, Inc. On December 7, 2011, the
Company changed its name to American Strategic Minerals Corporation and were engaged in exploration and potential development of
a uranium and vanadium minerals business. In June 2012, the Company discontinued the minerals business and began to invest in real
estate properties in Southern California. In October 2012, the Company discontinued its real estate business and the Company
commenced IP licensing operations, at which time the Company s name was changed to Marathon Patent Group, Inc. The Company
commenced mining bitcoin in 2018 and changed its name to Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. on March 1, 2021. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company is solely focused on the mining of bitcoin and ancillary opportunities within the Bitcoin ecosystem under the name
Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. 

33 

Significant
crypto market developments and impacts to the Company 

The
year ended December 31, 2022 was a challenging year for the crypto sector in general, as macroeconomic conditions (including higher inflation
and a rising interest rates environment as compared to recent years) resulted in weaker equity markets and a general risk off 
sentiment that had a negative impact on bitcoin prices. This challenging set of circumstances was exacerbated by a series of unforeseen
events which hit the sector, including: 

The
 de-pegging of LUNA in the second quarter of 2022; 

The
 bankruptcies of key players in the digital assets sector, including Three Arrows Capital, Voyager, and Celsius; and 

The
 fourth quarter 2022 collapse of FTX, which drove additional credit related bankruptcies and a significant decline in bitcoin prices
 and bitcoin mining rig prices. 

The Company s operating results, Consolidated Balance Sheets and
stock price were adversely impacted by this series of events and the overall unfavorable macroeconomic climate in 2022. The resulting
declines in financial performance and operational challenges faced by the Company in 2022 were primarily evident in the following areas: 

Operating
results: 

Impairment
 of bitcoin mining rigs and advances to vendors: We experienced significant declines in the fair value of bitcoin mining rigs
 during the fourth quarter of 2022. As a result, the Company assessed the need for an impairment write-down of both bitcoin mining
 rigs (held as fixed assets) and advances to vendors (a current asset) representing deposits associated with the future delivery of
 mining rigs. We recognized impairment charges for both the bitcoin mining rigs and the advances to vendors a total impairment
 of approximately 332,933 thousand. 

Digital
 assets - impairment and decline in carrying value: We experienced impairments of 173,215 thousand, realized and unrealized
 losses on digital assets held within Investment Fund of 85,017 thousand and, to a lesser extent unrealized losses of 14,460 thousand
 on digital assets held on our Consolidated Balance Sheets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Total
 margin decline: The profitability of our operations declined due to depressed bitcoin prices and delays in scaling our operations.
 Total margin was a loss of 33,673 thousand in the current-year period compared with income of 116,768 thousand in the prior-year
 period, a decline of 150,441 thousand. 

Direct impact of vendor bankruptcy filing :
 On September 22, 2022, Compute North filed for restructuring under chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. As a result, the company
 recorded an impairment charge of 39,000 thousand during the third quarter of 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the company
 estimated that an additional 16,674 thousand in deposits had likely been impaired and as such recorded an additional impairment
 charge. 

Fair
value of digital assets and impacts to loan collateral and primary lender: 

Digital
 assets - fair value decline : At December 31, 2022, the fair value of a single bitcoin was approximately 16,548 thousand,
 a 64 decline in fair value from December 31, 2021, when a single bitcoin had a fair value of 46,306 thousand. At December 31, 2022,
 the Company held approximately 7,816 unrestricted bitcoin 129,335 thousand fair value) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Digital
 assets utilized as collateral - fair value declines and additional collateral requirements: On November 9, 2022, bitcoin
 prices declined to a new yearly low on concerns of financial instability in the industry as a result of the FTX collapse. As a result,
 the Company was required to provide an additional 1,669 bitcoin (valued at 16,213 per bitcoin) as collateral for its outstanding
 borrowings under its Term Loan and revolving line of credit RLOC facilities with Silvergate Bank, for a total collateral balance
 of 9,490 bitcoin (or approximately 153,861 thousand fair value). The Company s total bitcoin holdings as of November
 9, 2022, were 11,440 bitcoin, of which 1,950 (approximately 31,615 thousand) were unrestricted. During November and December
 2022, the Company repaid 50,000 thousand in RLOC borrowings. These repayments enabled the Company to reduce its bitcoin held
 as collateral to approximately 4,416 bitcoin (approximately 73,074 thousand fair value) by December 31, 2022. 

34 

Impact
 of bankruptcies and the collapse of FTX on our primary lender: Prior to the termination of the facilities on March 8, 2023,
 Silvergate Bank served as the lender for our Term Loan and RLOC facilities, through which we had the right to borrow up to 200,000 thousand
 provided we post sufficient collateral in bitcoin. 

On
March 1, 2023, Silvergate Bank filed disclosures with the SEC regarding its troubled financial condition, including doubts about
its ability to continue operating as a going concern, and notice to postpone the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC
due to a material decline in its client deposits and inadequate capitalization. This has led to leading crypto business clients leaving
the bank, creating both a credit void as well as reputational risk for crypto clients. On March 8, 2023, Silvergate announced its
intention to wind down operations and voluntarily liquidate the bank. 

On
February 6, 2023, the Company provided Silvergate Bank with the required 30-day notice stating the Company s intent to prepay the
outstanding balance on its term loan facility as well as the Company s intent to terminate the term loan facility. The Company
and Silvergate Bank subsequently agreed to terminate the RLOC facility. On March 8, 2023, the Company prepaid the term loan and terminated
the RLOC facility with Silvergate Bank. 

Signature Bank closure: On March 12, 2023,
 Signature Bank was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services. On that same date
 the FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all the deposits and substantially all of the assets of Signature Bank to Signature
 Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the FDIC. The Company automatically became a customer of Signature
 Bridge Bank, N.A. as part of this action. The Company held approximately 142,000 thousand cash deposits at Signature Bridge Bank,
 N.A. as of March 12, 2023. Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13, 2023. 

We anticipate that businesses in this and related business sectors may
continue to experience economic volatility and operational challenges, and the first half of 2023 will likely continue to be a period
of challenge and uncertainty in the industry. We are continuously monitoring the economic environment in which we operate and evaluating
strategic opportunities which we may decide to undertake as part of our strategic growth initiatives; however, we offer no assurances
that any strategic opportunities we choose to pursue will be successful or achieved on a time scale or within the budget we anticipate,
if at all, in our competitive and evolving industry. See ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS for additional discussion regarding potential impacts our
competitive and evolving industry may have on our business. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
following accounting policies relate to the significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates in the preparation
of our financial statements, and are those that we believe are the most critical to aid your understanding and evaluation of this management
discussion and analysis: 

Digital
 assets 

Digital
 assets loan receivable 

Revenue
 from contracts with customers 

Property
 and Equipment 

Impairment
 of long-lived assets 

Income
 taxes 

35 

Digital
assets 

Digital assets (bitcoin) are included in current and other assets in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Digital assets awarded to the Company through its mining activities are accounted for in accordance
with the Company s revenue recognition policy below. 

Digital
assets are accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and are recorded at cost less impairment in accordance with
ASC 350 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life
is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that
it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Whenever the exchange-traded price of digital assets declines
below its carrying value, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists and records impairment
equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value at that point in time. The Company has deemed the price of digital
assets to be a level two input under the ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 hierarchy as there are
multiple observable inputs (exchanges) that provide slightly differing benchmarks of digital asset value. Subsequent reversal of impairment
losses is not permitted. 

Purchases of digital assets by the Company are included within investing
activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, while digital assets awarded to the Company through its mining activities
are included as a reconciling item within operating activities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The sales of
digital assets are included within investing activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and any realized gains
or losses from such sales are included in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Digital
assets loan receivable 

When
the Company loans digital assets to a borrower for a specific period of time in exchange for a fee akin to interest, the Company first
evaluates whether to derecognize such loaned digital assets based on an evaluation of relevant control and asset derecognition considerations
that include whether: 

the
 Company has transferred present rights to the economic benefits associated with the digital asset for a different right to receive
 digital assets in the future; 

the
 Company cannot sell, pledge, loan, or otherwise use the lent digital assets while the loan is outstanding, as those rights have been
 transferred to the borrower; 

inherent
 in the realization of the economic benefits associated with the digital asset loan receivable is exposure to credit risk of the borrower;
 and 

the
 borrower of the digital assets can deploy those assets at its discretion for the duration of the lending arrangement and bears the
 risk of loss or theft of those assets, and otherwise has the ability to direct the use of the assets transferred. 

If
the Company concludes derecognition is appropriate, the Company derecognizes the loaned digital assets it no longer controls and recognizes
a right to receive back in the future the loaned digital assets. 

The digital asset loan receivable is recorded at the fair value of the
underlying loaned digital assets. Any difference between the fair value of the loaned digital assets and their pre-transfer carrying amount
(i.e., derecognition amount) is recognized as a gain in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). Throughout the
loan period, the digital asset loan receivable continues to be measured at the fair value of the underlying loaned digital asset with
changes recorded in operating income (loss) in current period earnings. When the digital assets on loan are returned to the Company, the
receivable is derecognized and such loaned digital assets are re-recorded on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at the pre-derecognition
carrying value of the digital asset loan receivable with no gain or loss realized at the derecognition of the loan. 

36 

At loan commencement and throughout the loan period, the Company considers
and accounts for the credit risk of the borrower using the principles in Topic 326 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses Topic 326 to measure any credit impairment. The digital asset loan receivable is presented net of any allowance for credit
losses. The Company utilizes the probability of default PD loss given default LGD approach to estimating
the allowance for credit loss ACL at origination and subsequent reporting periods. In order to apply the PD LGD approach,
management considers the lifetime of the digital asset loan receivable, the reasonable and supportable forecast period, and the PD LGD.
The Company uses each instrument s life of loan period for estimating current expected credit losses, unadjusted by any prepayment
risk as any risk would be immaterial to either the repayment in kind or the accrued loan fee receivable. 

Revenues
from contracts with customers 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are applied to achieve that
core principle: 

Step
 1: Identify the contract with the customer; 

Step
 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

Step
 3: Determine the transaction price; 

Step
 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

Step
 5: Recognize the revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 

In
order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in
the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition of
a distinct good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: The customer can
benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e.,
the good or service is capable of being distinct), and the entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is
separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the
context of the contract). 

If
a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services
is identified that is distinct. 

The
transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both.
When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable
 consideration 

37 

Constraining
 estimates of variable consideration 

The
 existence of a significant financing component in the contract 

Noncash
 consideration 

Consideration
 payable to a customer 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price
allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time
as appropriate. 

The
Company s ongoing major or central operation is to provide computing power to collectives of third-party bitcoin miners (such collectives,
 mining pools as a participant Participant and bitcoin transaction verification services to the bitcoin
network through a Company-operated mining pool as the operator and a participant Operator (such activity as Participant
and Operator, collectively, mining ). The Company currently mines in a self-operated pool, which was previously open to
third-party pool participants from September 2021 until May 2022. 

Operator 

As an Operator, the Company provides transaction verification services.
Transaction verification services are an output of the Company s ordinary activities; therefore, the Company views the transaction
requestor as a customer and accounts for the transaction fees it earns as revenue from contracts with customers under ASC 606. The bitcoin
network is not an entity such that it may meet the definition of a customer; however, the Company has concluded it is appropriate to apply
ASC 606 by analogy to block rewards earned from the network. A contract exists under ASC 606 at the point the Company successfully validates
a transaction to the distributed ledger. At this point, the performance obligation to validate the requested transaction has been satisfied
and a contract is deemed to exist. 

The Company also, from time to time, engages unrelated third-party
mining enterprises pool participants to contribute computing power, and in exchange, remits transaction fees and
block rewards to pool participants on a pro rata basis according to each respective pool participant s contributed computing
power (hash rate). The Company determined that it controls the service of providing transaction verification services to the network
and requester as the Company s wallet as Operator is recorded on the distributed ledger as the transaction verifier of record,
the pool participants enter into contracts with the Company and not the network or requester, and the Company delegates mining work
to pool participants. Therefore, the Company records all of the transaction fees and block rewards earned from transactions assigned
to MaraPool as revenue, and the portion of the transaction fees and block rewards remitted to MaraPool participants as cost of
revenues. 

ASC
606-10-32-21 requires entities to measure the estimated fair value of noncash consideration at contract inception, which is the same
the time the block reward and transaction fee is earned and the performance obligation to the requester and the network is fulfilled
by successfully validating the applicable block of transactions. For reasons of operational practicality, the Company applies an
accounting convention to use the daily quoted closing U.S. dollar spot rate of bitcoin each day to determine the fair value of
bitcoin earned as transaction fees and block rewards in the Company s wallet during that day. This accounting convention does
not result in materially different revenue recognition from using the fair value of the bitcoin earned at contract inception (i.e.,
the moment a block is earned) and has been consistently applied in all periods presented. 

38 

Participant 

As a Participant, the Company has entered into digital asset mining pools
by executing contracts, with the mining pool operators to provide computing power to the mining pool. The contracts are terminable at
any time by either party and the Company s enforceable right to compensation only begins when the Company provides computing power
to the mining pool operator. In exchange for providing computing power, the Company is entitled to a fractional share of the fixed block
award and transaction fees the mining pool operator receives, for successfully adding a block to the blockchain. The Company s fractional
share of the block reward and transaction fee is based on the proportion of computing power the Company contributed to the mining pool
operator to the total computing power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the block. 

Providing computing power on rigs to solve complex cryptographic algorithms
in support of blockchain mining (in a process known as solving a block is the primary output of the Company s ordinary
activities. The provision of providing such computing power is the only performance obligation in the Company s contracts with mining
pool operators. The transaction consideration the Company receives is non-cash (i.e., bitcoin) and entirely variable as it is unknown
at each contract inception whether the Company will earn any consideration during the period, and if it does become entitled to consideration,
how much consideration it will be entitled to. 

In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-32-11 and 32-12, the Company constrains
the variable consideration to which it is entitled and does not recognize revenue for such amounts until it receives confirmation of the
amount, usually via the settlement of the fractional share of block reward and transaction fee in the Company s digital wallet (i.e.,
at that point, the variability is resolved and there is no longer the reasonable possibility of significant reversal of revenue). Before
settlement occurs, estimation of the variable consideration to which the Company is entitled, which depends on inputs unknowable to the
Company, carries the risk of a significant revenue reversal from mis-estimation. Settlement of consideration typically occurs within 24
hours of when a block is won unless such block is won over a weekend or holiday, in which case settlement can take up to 72 hours. 

The Company uses its accounting convention to recognize revenue using the
daily quoted closing U.S. dollar spot rate of bitcoin on the day the transaction fees and block rewards are settled in the Company s
wallet. However, this accounting convention does not result in materially different revenue recognition from using the fair value of the
bitcoin earned at contract inception and has been consistently applied in all periods presented. 

There is currently no definitive guidance under GAAP or alternative accounting
framework for the accounting for digital assets recognized as revenue or held, and management expects to exercise significant judgment
in determining the appropriate accounting treatment. In the event authoritative guidance is enacted by the FASB, the Company may be required
to change its policies, which could have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position and results from operations. 

Property
and Equipment 

The
Company has long-lived assets that consist primarily of property and equipment stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and impairment,
as applicable. The depreciation charge is calculated on a straight-line basis and depends on the estimated useful lives of each type
of asset and, in certain circumstances, estimates of fair values and residual values. The Company s property and equipment is composed
of bitcoin miners which are largely homogeneous and have approximately the same useful lives. Accordingly, the Company utilizes the group
method of depreciation for its bitcoin miners. The Company updates the estimated useful lives of its asset group of bitcoin mining rigs
periodically as information on the operations of the mining rigs indicates changes are required. The Company assesses and adjusts the
estimated useful lives of its mining rigs when there are indicators that the productivity of the mining assets are higher or lower than
the assigned estimated useful lives. 

39 

Impairment
tests for items of property and equipment other than mining rigs are performed annually and the recoverable amounts in property equipment
are determined based on the higher of value-in-use or fair value less costs to sell. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

Management
reviews long-lived assets that consist primarily of bitcoin mining rigs, and other long-lived assets such as patents held, for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets
to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The Company determines the amount of impairment to record based on the fair
value of the asset following the fair value measurement framework in ASC 820. 

Income
taxes 

The
primary objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of income taxes payable or refundable for the current year,
and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements
or tax returns. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740 - Income Taxes ASC 740 ),
using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on enacted tax rates
and are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of
assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Management must make assumptions, judgments
and estimates to determine our income tax benefit or expense and our deferred tax assets and liabilities. We recognize tax positions
when they are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized tax positions are measured at the largest amount of benefit greater
than 50 likely of being realized. Each period, we evaluate tax positions and adjust related tax assets and liabilities in light
of changing facts and circumstances. 

We
record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized.
Accordingly, the need to establish such allowance is assessed periodically by considering matters such as future reversals of existing
taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and results of recent operations. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting standards and pronouncements. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

We provide investors with a reconciliation from net loss to the non-GAAP
measure known as adjusted EBITDA as a component of Management s Discussion and Analysis. For each period in question, we define
adjusted EBITDA as (a) GAAP net income (loss) plus (b) adjustments to add back the impacts of (1) depreciation and amortization, (2) interest
expense, (3) income tax expense (benefit) and (4) adjustments for non-cash and non-recurring items which currently include (i) stock compensation
expense, (ii) impairments of patents and (iii) impairment losses related to the Compute North bankruptcy. 

40 

Adjusted
EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and, as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures of other companies. Non-GAAP financial measures are subject to material limitations as they are not in accordance with, or a
substitute for, measurements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not meant to be considered in isolation and should
be read only in conjunction with our Interim Reports on Form 10-Q and our Annual Reports on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Management uses both adjusted EBITDA and the supplemental information provided herein as a means of understanding,
managing, and evaluating business performance and to help inform operating decision making. We rely primarily on our Consolidated Condensed
Financial Statements to understand, manage, and evaluate our financial performance and use the non-GAAP financial measures only supplementally. 

Operations
Summary 

During
the first quarter of 2022, the Company announced its intention of exiting the facility in Hardin, MT Hardin ). On July
28, 2022, the Company terminated its power purchase agreements and commenced the acceleration of its exit from Hardin. This exit was
completed in September 2022. The Company had deployed approximately 30,000 mining rigs at Hardin. During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company recorded accelerated hosting and depreciation costs related to this early exit from the Hardin facility. In addition
to the accelerated depreciation expense, upon exiting the facility the Company determined that the useful lives of the remaining mining
rigs formerly deployed at Hardin should be reduced from 36 months to 24 months. 

In
late 2021, the Company contracted with a joint venture among Compute North and affiliates of NextEra Energy for hosting services in McCamey,
TX and expected its mining rigs to begin coming online during the second quarter of 2022. King Mountain Upton Wind, LLC King
Mountain had filed a petition on April 5, 2022 seeking a declaratory order to confirm its status as an exempt wholesale generator EWG ). In the Petition, King Mountain stated that it proposed to share ownership of interconnection facilities that are
currently eligible facilities within the meaning of section 32(a)(2) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act (PUHCA) as tenants-in
common with a retail energy customer. However, the approval of this petition was delayed until July 15, 2022, when the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission FERC found that King Mountain would retain its status as an EWG notwithstanding a proposal to share
ownership of the Interconnection Facilities as tenants-in-common with a retail energy customer. As a result, the bulk of the Company s
rigs did not come online until the early part of the fourth quarter. On December 15, 2022, US
Bitcoin Corp US Bitcoin replaced Compute North as a joint venture partner (and the operator of the facility) as a result
of the Compute North bankruptcy. 

In
July 2022, the Company expanded certain hosting arrangements
with Compute North in Granbury, TX. On December 15, 2022, US Bitcoin Corp replaced Compute
North as the operator of this facility as a result of the Compute North Bankruptcy. 

During
the third and fourth quarters of 2022 the Company entered into a series of agreements to secure additional hosting capacity with Applied
Digital as the partner at Garden City, TX, Ellendale, ND, and Jamestown, ND. These sites are expected to come online in phases during
the first and second quarters of 2023. 

41 

Results
of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Financial
Summary Table: 

Years ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 Favorable 
 (Unfavorable) 
 
 Total revenues 
 117,753 
 159,163 
 (41,410 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 
 (72,717 
 (27,491 
 (45,226 
 
 Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 
 (78,709 
 (14,904 
 (63,805 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 (151,426 
 (42,395 
 (109,031 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 
 (56,739 
 (174,355 
 117,616 
 
 Legal reserves 
 (26,131 
 
 (26,131 
 
 Impairment of deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filing 
 (24,661 
 
 (24,661 
 
 Impairment of digital assets 
 (173,215 
 (30,329 
 (142,886 
 
 Impairment of patents 
 (919 
 
 (919 
 
 Impairment of mining equipment and advances to vendors 
 (332,933 
 
 (332,933 
 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and
 digital assets 
 (14,460 
 557 
 (15,017 
 
 Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 
 83,880 
 
 83,880 
 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 
 (85,017 
 74,696 
 (159,713 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (630,195 
 (129,431 
 (500,764 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 (663,868 
 (12,663 
 (651,205 
 
 Other non-operating income (loss) 
 1,283 
 (287 
 1,570 
 
 Impairment of loan and investment due to vendor bankruptcy filing 
 (31,013 
 
 (31,013 
 
 Interest expense 
 (14,980 
 (1,570 
 (13,410 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (708,578 
 (14,520 
 (694,058 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 21,838 
 (22,576 
 44,414 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (686,740 
 (37,096 
 (649,644 

Supplemental information: 

Bitcoin BTC production during the period, in BTC 
 4,144 
 3,197 
 947 
 
 Total margin (revenues less total cost of revenues) 
 (33,673 
 116,768 
 (150,441 
 
 General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation 
 (32,144 
 (13,569 
 (18,575 
 
 Total impairments due to vendor bankruptcy filing 
 (55,674 
 
 (55,674 
 
 Total change in carrying value of digital assets 
 (272,692 
 44,924 
 (317,616 

Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Net (loss) 
 (686,740 
 (37,096 
 (649,644 
 
 Exclude: Interest expense 
 14,980 
 1,570 
 13,410 
 
 Exclude: Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (21,838 
 22,576 
 (44,414 
 
 EBIT 
 (693,598 
 (12,950 
 (680,648 
 
 Exclude: Depreciation and amortization 
 78,709 
 14,904 
 63,805 
 
 EBITDA 
 (614,889 
 1,954 
 (616,843 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 24,595 
 160,786 
 (136,191 
 
 Impairment of assets due to vendor bankruptcy filing 
 55,674 
 
 55,674 
 
 Impairment of patents 
 919 
 
 919 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (533,701 
 162,740 
 (696,441 

42 

Revenues :
We generated revenues of 117,753 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 159,163 thousand in 2021. The 41,410
thousand decrease in revenue was primarily driven by a 77,286 thousand decrease in revenue resulting from lower bitcoin prices in 2022,
partially offset by increased revenues of 44,570 thousand related to a 30 increase in production year-over-year. Revenues also declined
by 8,694 thousand in 2022 as the Company ceased operation of a mining pool that included third parties. Despite the overall increase
in production for the year, the company experienced significant production downtime in the second and third quarters as a result of the
aforementioned exit from Hardin and delays in energization at King Mountain. Production during the third quarter was down 50 from the
prior year. Our best production quarters of 2022 were the first quarter and the fourth quarter. 

Cost of revenues : Cost of revenues
 energy, hosting and other during the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 72,717 thousand compared with 27,491 thousand in
the prior-year period. The 45,226 thousand increase was driven by higher production costs of 30,134 thousand per bitcoin mined, accelerated
costs of 18,218 thousand associated with the early exit from Hardin and to a lesser extent, the impact of increased bitcoin production
on costs of 5,566 thousand. Partially offsetting these increased costs was an 8,694 thousand decline in cost of revenues related to
the discontinuation of the third party mining pool in 2022. Cost of revenues depreciation and amortization was 78,709 thousand
in the current-year period compared with 14,904 thousand in the prior-year period, an increase of 63,805 thousand. This increase was
primarily due to the depreciation acceleration of 36,032 thousand related to our exit of the Hardin, MT facility and increased depreciation
costs of 27,773 thousand associated with a higher number of mining rigs in operation. 

Total
Margin : Total margin was a loss of 33,673 thousand in the current-year period compared with income of 116,768 thousand in the
prior-year period, a decline of 150,441 thousand. This decline was driven by the factors discussed above, which are summarized in the
table below: 

Revenue: 
 
 (in thousands) 

Impact
 of higher production activity 

44,570 

Impact
 of lower bitcoin market prices 

(77,286) 

Impact
 of discontinuation of third party mining pool vs prior year 

(8,694) 
 
 Cost
 of revenue energy, hosting and other: 

Impact
 of higher unit costs 

(30,134) 

Impact
 of accelerated cost recognition from Hardin exit 

(18,218) 

Impact
 of higher production activity 

(5,566) 

Impact
 of discontinuation of third party mining pool vs prior year 

8,694 
 
 Cost
 of revenue depreciation and amortization: 

Impact
 of accelerated cost recognition from Hardin exit 

(36,032) 

Other,
 primarily increased mining rigs in operation 

(27,773) 

(150,439) 

General and administrative expenses :
General and administrative expenses were 56,739 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with expenses of 174,355 thousand
in the prior-year period. Our general and administrative expenses included stock-based (non-cash) compensation expense of 24,595
thousand in the current-year period and 160,786 thousand in the prior-year period. General and administrative expenses excluding
stock-based compensation was 32,144 thousand in the current-year period compared with 13,569 thousand in the prior-year
period. This 18,575 thousand increase in expense was primarily due to the increase in the scale of the business, including higher
payroll and benefits costs of 7,173 thousand, increased professional fees of 3,590 thousand, increased insurance costs of 3,810
thousand, higher travel and conference costs of 2,186 thousand and higher costs in various other areas related to the increased
scale of the business, including higher property taxes, banking fees, rent expense, computer costs and equipment repairs. 

43 

Legal
reserves: In connection with a dispute concerning the settlement of certain restricted stock unit awards previously granted to
the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, the Company entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the
Company agreed to pay 24,000 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company also entered into agreements in respect to seven
other recipients of the same restricted stock unit awards. Payments related to these agreements during the year ended December 31, 2022
totaled approximately 2,131 thousand in the aggregate. 

Total
impairments due to vendor bankruptcy filing: On September 22, 2022, Compute North filed for restructuring under chapter 11 of
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company assessed the impairment of assets associated with Compute
North due to the bankruptcy proceedings. As a result, the Company recorded impairment charges of approximately 24,661 thousand in operating
expenses (related to deposits) and approximately 31,013 thousand (related to certain loans and preferred stock investments) as non-operating
expenses. 

Total
change in carrying value of digital assets: 

Impairment
 of digital assets : We incurred impairments of digital assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 173,215 thousand compared
 with impairments of 30,329 thousand in the prior-year period. 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets
 loan receivable and digital assets : We incurred a loss of 14,460 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with
 a gain of 557 thousand in the prior year period. The loss in the current year period was primarily a result of the decline in fair
 value of digital asset loan receivable prior to the repayment of the loan in June, 2022. The gain in the prior year period was primarily
 the result of a modest increase in the fair value of the loan receivable. 

Change
 in fair value of digital assets held in fund : On June 10, 2022, the company withdrew all remaining bitcoin from its investment
 fund. Total changes in the fair value of investment fund from January 1, 2022 through the June 10, 2022 withdrawal date resulted
 in an unrealized loss of 85,017 thousand in the current year period. During the prior-year period, the change in fair value of the
 bitcoin held in the investment fund was an unrealized gain of 74,696 thousand. 

Impairment
of patents: The Company recorded an impairment of 919 thousand in the current-year period related to certain patents no longer
utilized in its business operations. 

Impairment
of fixed assets and advances to vendors: In accordance with ASC 360-10 Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ASC 360 ), any long-lived asset group that is held and used must be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group might not be recoverable. Due to the significant decrease
in fair values of bitcoin mining rigs during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company assessed the need for an impairment
write-down of both bitcoin mining rigs (held as fixed assets) and advances to vendors (a current asset) representing deposits associated
with the future delivery of mining rigs. In accordance with ASC 360-10, the Company determined that both of these asset categories had
carrying values in excess of fair value, and accordingly, the Company recognized impairment charges for both the bitcoin mining rigs
of 208,622 thousand and the advances to vendors of 124,311 thousand a total impairment of approximately 332,933 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, as part of its periodic review of its fixed asset groups, the Company decided to change
the estimated useful life for its asset group of mining rigs from 5 years to 3 years, effective January 1, 2023. 

Gain
on sales of equipment, net : In late 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with DCRBN Ventures Development and Acquisition
LLC DCRBN in which the Company agreed to sell certain mining rigs to DCRBN in conjunction with the development of commercial
activities at the McCamey, TX facility. In conjunction with its exit from the Hardin, MT facility, the Company also sold bitcoin mining
rigs to various third parties. Total cash proceeds from these sales of assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 178,371 thousand
and gains resulting from the asset sales totaled 83,880 thousand in the current-year period. There were no such sales in 2021. 

Other non-operating income (loss) :
Other non-operating income was 1,283 thousand during the current year period compared to a loss of 287 thousand in the prior-year period.
The 1,570 thousand favorable variances was primarily due to the absence of warrant expense of 1,048 thousand recorded in the prior-year
period to a lesser extent, increased interest income and other income. 

Interest
expense : Interest expense increased 13,410 thousand from the prior year as a result of higher interest related to the
convertible notes issued in November 2021 of 6,633 thousand, amortization of debt issuance costs of 3,664 thousand and other
interest costs primarily related to the Company s Term loan and revolving credit RLOC facilities. 

44 

Income tax (expense) benefit : The
Company recorded income tax benefit of 21,838 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with an income tax expense of 22,576
thousand in the prior-year period. The primary drivers of the 44,414 thousand favorable tax variance were favorable federal impacts
vs. the prior-year period of 145,657 thousand), favorable state tax impacts vs. the prior-year period of 18,684 thousand, and beneficial
impacts of changes in executive compensation deduction limitations of 22,855 thousand partially offset by unfavorable impact of changes
in our valuation allowance of 145,004 thousand 

Net loss : We recorded a net loss of
 686,740 thousand in the current-year period compared with net loss of 37,096 thousand in the prior period. The 649,644 thousand decline
in earnings was primarily driven by declines in the carrying value of our digital assets of 317,616 thousand in the aggregate, the impairment
of mining rigs and advances to vendors of 332,933 thousand in the aggregate, lower total margin of 150,441 thousand, impairments of
 55,674 thousand related to the Compute North bankruptcy, legal reserves of 26,131 thousand and increased interest expense of 13,410
thousand. Partially offsetting these unfavorable variances was a significant reduction in general and administrative expenses of 117,616
thousand primarily associated with lower stock-based compensation, gains on sales of rigs of 83,880 thousand, the 44,414 thousand favorable
income tax variance and a slight increase in other non-operating income. 

Adjusted EBITDA : Adjusted EBITDA was
a loss of 533,701 thousand compared with a positive adjusted EBITDA of 162,740 thousand in the prior-year period. The 696,441 thousand
decline was primarily driven by declines in the carrying value of our digital assets of 317,616 thousand in the aggregate, the impairment
of mining rigs and advances to vendors of 332,933 thousand in the aggregate, lower total margin excluding depreciation and amortization
of 86,636 thousand, legal reserves of 26,131 thousand, and higher general and administrative expenses, excluding non-cash stock-based
compensation costs of 18,575 thousand. Partially offsetting these unfavorable variances were gains on the sales of mining rigs of 83,880
thousand and increases in non-operating income of 1,570 thousand. 

Results
of Operations Year ended December 31, 2021 (Restated) compared to December 31, 2020 

Financial
Summary Table: 

Years ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 2021 
 (Restated) 
 2020 
 Favorable 
 (Unfavorable) 
 
 Total revenues 
 159,163 
 4,357 
 154,806 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 
 (27,491 
 (3,851 
 (23,640 
 
 Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 
 (14,904 
 (3,064 
 (11,840 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 (42,395 
 (6,915 
 (35,480 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 
 (174,355 
 (6,404 
 (167,951 
 
 Impairment of digital assets 
 (30,329 
 
 (30,329 
 
 Impairment of mining equipment and advances to vendors 
 
 (871 
 871 
 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable
and digital assets 
 557 
 15 
 542 
 
 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 
 74,696 
 
 74,696 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (129,431 
 (7,260 
 (122,171 
 
 Operating income (loss) 
 (12,663 
 (9,818 
 (2,845 
 
 Other non-operating income (loss) 
 (287 
 (607 
 320 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,570 
 (21 
 (1,549 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (14,520 
 (10,446 
 (4,074 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 (22,576 
 (2 
 (22,574 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (37,096 
 (10,448 
 (26,648 

Supplemental information: 

Bitcoin BTC production during the period, in BTC 
 3,197 
 338 
 2,859 
 
 Total margin (revenues less total cost of revenues) 
 116,768 
 (2,558 
 119,326 
 
 General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation 
 (13,569 
 (5,226 
 (8,343 
 
 Total change in carrying value of digital assets 
 44,924 
 15 
 44,909 

Reconciliation to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Net (loss) 
 (37,096 
 (10,448 
 (26,648 
 
 Exclude: Interest expense 
 1,570 
 21 
 1,549 
 
 Exclude: Income tax expense 
 22,576 
 2 
 22,574 
 
 EBIT 
 (12,950 
 (10,425 
 (2,525 
 
 Exclude: Depreciation and amortization 
 14,904 
 3,064 
 11,840 
 
 EBITDA 
 1,954 
 (7,361 
 9,315 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 160,786 
 1,178 
 159,608 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 162,740 
 (6,183 
 168,923 

Revenues :
We generated revenues of 159,163 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with 4,357 thousand during the prior-year
period. The 154,806 thousand increase was primarily attributable to the impact of significantly higher bitcoin prices, which resulted
in a 109,253 thousand increase in revenue, increased production, which resulted in a 36,854 thousand increase in revenue, and, to a lesser extent a 8,699 thousand increase in revenues related to the Company s operation
of a mining pool that included third parties in 2021. 

45 

Cost
of revenues : Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other during the year ended December 31, 2021, totaled 27,491 thousand compared
with 3,851 thousand in the prior-year period. The 23,640 thousand increase was driven by increased production of 32,574 thousand,
and increased cost of revenues associated with the third party mining pool of 8,699 thousand partially offset by lower production costs
per bitcoin mined of 17,633 thousand. Cost of revenues depreciation and amortization was 14,904 thousand for the year ended
December 31, 2021, compared with 3,064 thousand in 2020, an increase of 11,840 thousand resulting from a higher number of mining rigs
in operation in 2021. 

Total
Margin: Total margin was 116,768 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with a loss of 2,558 thousand in 2020,
an increase of 119,326 thousand. This increase was driven by the factors discussed above, which are summarized in the table below: 

Revenue: 
 
 (in thousands) 

Impact
 of higher production activity 

36,854 

Impact
 of lower bitcoin market prices 

109,253 

Impact
 of third party mining pool 

8,699 
 
 Cost
 of revenue energy, hosting and other: 

Impact
 of higher production activity 

(32,574) 

Impact
 of third party mining pool 

(8,699) 

Impact
 of decreased cost per bitcoin mined 

17,633 
 
 Cost
 of revenue depreciation and amortization: 

Primarily
 increased mining rigs in operation 

(11,840) 

119,326 

General
and administrative expenses : General and administrative expenses were 174,355 thousand for year ended December 31, 2021 compared
with expenses of 6,404 thousand in 2020, an increase of 167,951 thousand. Our general and administrative expenses included stock-based
(non-cash) compensation expense of 160,786 thousand in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with 1,178 thousand in the prior-year
period. General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation increased to 13,569 thousand in 2021 from 5,226 thousand
in 2020, reflecting the increased scope of our operations in 2021 compared to 2020. 

Total change
in carrying value of digital assets: 

Impairment
 of digital assets : We incurred impairments of digital assets during the year ended December 31, 2021 of 30,329 thousand. There
 were no such impairments in 2020. 

Change
 in fair value of digital assets held in fund : On January 25, 2021, the company purchased 150,000 thousand in bitcoin through
 an investment fund. Total changes in the fair value of the investment fund from the date of inception through December 31, 2021 resulted
 in an unrealized gain of 74,696 thousand. 

Impairment
of mining rigs: The Company recorded an impairment of 871 thousand on certain mining rigs in 2020. 

Other
non-operating income : Other non-operating income was a loss of 287 thousand in 2021 and a loss of 607 thousand in 2020. 

Interest
expense: Interest expense increased to 1,570 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021
primarily as a result of interest related to the convertible notes issued in November 2021. 

Income
tax expense : Income tax expense increased to 22,576 thousand in 2021 versus 2 thousand in 2020 primarily due to the impact
executive compensation deduction limitations in 2021 and higher state income taxes partially offset by the impact of a higher valuation
allowance in 2021. 

Net loss : We recorded a net loss
of 37,096 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with a net loss of 10,448 thousand in 2020. The 26,648 thousand decline
was primarily driven by the 167,951 thousand increase in general and administrative expenses, the 30,329 thousand impairment of digital
assets in 2021 and the 22,574 thousand increase in income tax expense in 2021, partially offset by the 119,326 thousand increase in
total margin and the 74,696 thousand unrealized gain on the value of bitcoin held in the investment fund. 

46 

Adjusted EBITDA : Adjusted EBITDA for
the year ended December 31, 2021 was 162,740 thousand compared with a adjusted EBITDA loss of 6,183 thousand in 2020. The 168,923
thousand increase in adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the 131,166 thousand increase in total margin excluding depreciation and
amortization and the 74,696 thousand unrealized gain on the value of bitcoin held in the investment fund, partially offset by the 30,329
thousand impairment of digital assets in 2021, and a 8,343 thousand increase in operating expenses excluding non-cash stock compensation
costs. 

Financial
Condition and Liquidity 

For the year ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (176,481 
 (18,966 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (390,228 
 (891,136 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 410,655 
 1,037,333 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (156,054 
 127,231 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 
 268,556 
 141,323 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 112,502 
 268,554 

Cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022: Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled 112,502 thousand at December
31, 2022, a decrease of 156,054 thousand from December 31, 2021. 

Cash flows from operating activities resulted in a use of funds of 176,481
thousand, primarily due to a 176,566 thousand use of cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities driven by bitcoin mining revenues,
and, to a lesser extent prepaid expenses associated with new hosting arrangements (a 48,886 thousand use of funds) and deposits associated
with new hosting arrangements (a 24,469 thousand use of funds). These uses of funds were partially offset by a source of funds from changes
in accounts payable and other accrued expenses. 

Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a
use of funds of 390,228 thousand, primarily resulting from advances of 483,840 thousand to vendors related to orders of ASICs miners
for future deployment, a 44,000 thousand use of funds for investment purposes (primarily an increased investment in Auradine) and capitalized
costs of 41,108 thousand associated with purchases of equipment, partially offset by proceeds of 178,371 thousand from the sales of
bitcoin mining rigs. 

Cash flows from financing activities resulted in a source of cash of 410,655
thousand, primarily from proceeds from the periodic issuance of common stock under the Company s At-The-Market facility of 361,486
thousand and proceeds from borrowings outstanding under the term loan agreement of 49,250 thousand. 

The maximum borrowings outstanding under the Company s
revolving credit facilities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 70,000 thousand. Total borrowings and repayments under the RLOC
facilities were 120,000 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022 and there were no borrowings outstanding under the RLOC facility
at December 31, 2022. 

Cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2021 : Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled 268,554 thousand at December 31, 2021, an increase of 127,233
thousand from December 31, 2020. 

Cash flows from operating activities resulted in a use of funds of 18,966
thousand. Cash flows from operating activities before the impact of changes in operating assets and liabilities was a 117,311 thousand
source of funds primarily due to the impact of non-cash stock-based compensation. This source of funds was more than offset by a 136,277
thousand use of funds from changes in operating assets and liabilities. This was primarily caused by a use of funds from changes in digital
assets (primarily due to revenues from bitcoin mining) partially offset by a source of funds resulting from changes in accounts payable
and accrued expenses. 

47 

Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a use of funds of 891,136
thousand, primarily resulting from advances to vendors of 435,065 thousand, capitalized costs associated with equipment purchases of
 273,851 thousand, purchases of digital assets in the investment fund of 150,000 thousand, and a loan receivable from Compute North of
 30,000 thousand. 

Cash
flows from financing activities resulted in a source of cash of 1,037,333 thousand, primarily from proceeds from the issuance of convertible
debt of 728,406 thousand and common stock of 312,196 thousand. Total borrowings and repayments under the Company s 2021 RLOC
facility were 77,500 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021 and there were no borrowings outstanding under the 2021 RLOC facility
at December 31, 2021. 

Bitcoin holdings as of December 31, 2022: 
At December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately 12,232 bitcoin on its balance sheet with a carrying value of 190,717 thousand.
Approximately 4,416 of these bitcoin 68,875 thousand book value) were being utilized as collateral for borrowings and classified as
digital assets restricted. The remaining 7,816 bitcoin, with 121,842 thousand book value, were unrestricted bitcoin holdings classified
as digital assets. 

At
December 31, 2022, the fair value of a single bitcoin was approximately 16,548 . As a
result, the fair market value of our bitcoin holdings at December 31, 2022 was approximately (stated in thousands): 

Unrestricted
bitcoin classified as Digital assets: 129,335 

Bitcoin
utilized as collateral and classified as Digital assets, restricted: 73,074 

Bitcoin
held as collateral for loans Digital assets, restricted ): The Company s 49,882 thousand
term loan and its 100,000 thousand RLOC facility are collateralized by bitcoin at a loan-to-value ratio of 65 , meaning
that the initial collateral for a 50,000 thousand loan is bitcoin with a market value of 76,900 thousand. If the fair market value of
bitcoin held as collateral declines such that the loan-to-value ratio is above 75 , or approximately 66,700 thousand for a 50,000 thousand
loan, the Company is required to add collateral to bring the ratio back to 65 . If the value of the collateral increases such that the
loan-to-value ratios falls below 65 , the Company can require a return of collateral to bring the ratio back to 65 . 

During the month of October 2022, the Company borrowed an additional 50,000
thousand under its RLOC facility for general corporate purposes and provided an additional 3,993 of bitcoin as collateral for this borrowing.
This increased the Company s collateral balance at that time (for its outstanding 49,882 thousand term loan and the additional
 50,000 thousand RLOC borrowing) to 7,821 bitcoin. On November 9, 2022, bitcoin prices declined to a new yearly low on concerns of financial
instability in the industry as a result of the FTX collapse. As a result, the Company was required to provide an additional 1,669 bitcoin
(fair valued at 16,213 per bitcoin) as collateral for its outstanding borrowings, bringing its total collateral balance to 9,490 bitcoin
(or approximately 153,900 thousand fair value). The Company s total bitcoin holdings as of November 9, 2022, were 11,440 bitcoin,
of which 1,950 (approximately 31,600 thousand) were unrestricted. During November and December 2022, the Company repaid the 50,000 thousand
in RLOC borrowings. This repayment enabled the Company to reduce its bitcoin held as collateral to approximately 4,416 bitcoin (with a
fair value of approximately 73,074 thousand) by December 31, 2022. 

Bitcoin
holdings outlook: We expect that our future bitcoin holdings will generally increase but will fluctuate from time-to-time, both
in number of bitcoin held and fair value in US dollars, depending upon operating and market conditions. For example, we would expect: 

Our
 bitcoin holdings and the value of those holdings will increase most significantly in periods where we experience both higher production
 and higher bitcoin prices. 

48 

Our
 bitcoin holdings and value of those holdings will be mixed in periods with either (1) higher production combined with lower bitcoin
 prices, or (2) lower production combined with higher bitcoin prices. 

Our
 bitcoin holdings and the value of those holdings will most likely decrease in periods where we experience both lower production and
 lower bitcoin prices. 

We intend to add to our bitcoin holdings primarily through our production
activities and we also intend to sell bitcoin as a means of generating cash to cover monthly operating costs and for general corporate
purposes. We do not intend to make any significant purchases of bitcoin on the open market as means of increasing our bitcoin holdings,
although we may buy and sell bitcoin from time-to-time (separately from what is outlined above) for treasury management purposes. 

Liquidity
outlook: Cash and cash equivalents, excluding restricted cash, totaled 103,705 thousand at December 31, 2022. The Company expects
to have sufficient liquidity, including cash on hand, cash received from sales of our bitcoin holdings, and access to public capital
markets to support ongoing operations. Our primary source of funding during 2022 and 2021 (other than the asset sales described above
during 2022) has been capital markets activities (primarily through our At-The-Market facility and our 2021 convertible debt offering).
We will continue to seek to fund our business activities, and especially our growth opportunities, through the public capital markets,
primarily through periodic equity issuances using our At-The-Market facility. 

The
risks to our liquidity outlook would include events that materially diminish our access to capital markets and/or the value of our bitcoin
holdings and production capabilities, including: 

Failure
 to effectively execute our growth strategies. 

Additional
 challenges in the bitcoin mining space and/or additional contagion events (like the FTX collapse) that would damage the credibility
 of, and therefore investor confidence in, companies engaged in the digital assets space. 

Additional
 declines in bitcoin prices and/or production, which would impact both the value of our bitcoin holdings and our ongoing profitability. 

Significant
 increases in electricity costs if these cost increases were not accompanied by increases in the price of bitcoin, as this would also
 reduce profitability. 

Deteriorating
 macroeconomic conditions (for example a recession in 2023 that is deeper or longer than current expectations) 

Subsequent
Events 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company and FSI entered into an Agreement regarding formation of an Abu Dhabi Global Markets company (the ADGM
Entity ), whose purpose shall be to jointly (a) establish and operate one or more mining facilities for digital assets; and (b)
mine digital assets. The initial project by the ADGM Entity shall consist of two digital asset mining sites comprising 250 MW in Abu
Dhabi, and the initial equity ownership in the ADGM Entity shall be 80 FSI and 20 the Company, and capital contributions will be made,
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, during the 2023 development period in those proportions, consisting of both
cash and in kind, in amounts of approximately 406,000 thousand in aggregate. 

On February 6, 2023, the Company
provided Silvergate Bank with the required 30-day notice stating the Company s intent to prepay the outstanding balance on its term
loan facility as well as the Company s intent to terminate the term loan facility. The Company and Silvergate subsequently agreed
to also terminate the revolving line of credit RLOC facility. On March 8, 2023, the term loan prepayment was completed,
and the Company s term loan and RLOC facilities with Silvergate Bank were terminated. 

On March 12, 2023, Signature
Bank was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services. On the same date the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was
appointed as receiver and transferred all customer deposits and substantially all of the assets of Signature Bank to Signature Bridge Bank,
N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the FDIC. The Company automatically became a customer of Signature Bridge Bank, N.A.
as part of this action. The Company held approximately 142,000 thousand cash deposits at
Signature Bridge Bank, N.A.as of March 12, 2023. Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13, 2023. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

49 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
following discussion about our market risk exposures involves forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from
those projected in the forward-looking statements. 

Market
Price Risk of Bitcoin. The Company holds a significant amount of bitcoin and as such, we are exposed to the impact of market
price changes in bitcoin on our bitcoin holdings. This exposure would generally manifest itself in the following areas: 

We
 account for our bitcoin holdings as indefinite lived intangible assets and we record impairment charges whenever the carrying value
 of our bitcoin holdings on the balance sheet exceeds their fair market value. Subsequent recovery of bitcoin prices would not impact
 the carrying value of bitcoin on the balance sheet, as recovery of previously recorded impairment charges are not allowed under US
 GAAP. 

Declines
 in the fair market value of bitcoin also impact the value of collateral for our loan facilities. If the fair market value of bitcoin
 held as collateral declines such that the loan-to-value ratio is above 75 , the Company is required to add collateral to bring the
 ratio back to 65 . If the value of the collateral increases such that the loan-to-value ratios falls below 65 , the Company can require
 a return of collateral to bring the ratio back to 65 . 

Declines
 in the fair market value of bitcoin also impact the Adjusted Net Worth covenant in our loan agreements, as this covenant allows for
 Net Worth to be calculated based in the fair market value (and not the carrying value) of our digital assets. 

Declines
 in the fair market value of bitcoin also impact the cash value that would be realized if we were to sell our bitcoin for cash, therefore
 having a negative impact on our liquidity. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately 12,232 bitcoin and the fair value of a single bitcoin was approximately 16,545, meaning
that the fair value of our bitcoin holdings on that date was approximately 202,409 thousand .
Approximately 4,417 of these bitcoin, or 73,100 thousand, were being utilized as collateral
for borrowings. The remaining 7,815 bitcoin, or 129,300 thousand, were unrestricted bitcoin
holdings. 

Interest
rate risk. Prior to the termination of its credit facilities on March 8, 2023, the Company was exposed to interest rate risk
as both our Term Loan and RLOC facilities called for interest at a variable rate tied to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate WSJ
Prime ), which was 7.75 as of March 8, 2023. Our Term Loan facility called for interest rates at the WSJ Prime rate plus a margin
of 1.75 or 9.50 as of March 8, 2023. Our RLOC facility called for interest rates at the WSJ Prime rate plus a margin that varies based
on the collateral posted as follows: 

1.25 
 margin (9.00 currently) if the RLOC LTV Ratio is less than 40 

2.00 
 margin (9.75 currently) if the RLOC LTV Ratio is greater than 40 but less than 55 

2.75 
 margin (10.50 currently) if the RLOC LTV Ratio is greater than 55 

50 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS (PCAOB ID No. 
 52 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Restated) 
 54 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Restated) 
 55 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 56 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Restated) 
 57 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 58 

51 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the period in the year
ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2020, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the period in the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters: 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

 We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
RBSM LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

Las Vegas, NV 

 March 16, 2021 

52 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 and our report dated
March [ ], 2023 , expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting because of the existence of material weaknesses. 

Restatement
of Previously Issued Financial Statements 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has restated its financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and for the
year then ended to correct certain misstatements. 

Change
in Accounting Principle 

As
discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company retrospectively changed its accounting for crypto lending arrangements. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
Recognition 

As
disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers . The Company provides computing power in crypto asset transaction verification services to the blockchain network.
The transaction consideration received by the Company, if any, is a non-cash consideration, which the Company measures at fair value
on the date received. 

The
principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures related to revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is
due to the complexities involved in auditing completeness and occurrence of the revenue recognized by the Company particularly in light
of material weakness identified in the design and effectiveness of certain internal controls over the IT environment for certain financially
relevant systems. 

Addressing
this matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. These procedures included, among others, (i) performing site visitations of the Company s facility where the mining
hardware is located, which included an observation of the physical and environmental controls and mining equipment inventory, (ii) independently
confirming certain financial and performance data directly with the blockchain network, (iii) performing certain substantive analytical
procedures using hashing power data and electricity consumption data to determine the completeness and occurrence of digital assets rewarded
to the Company as consideration for services rendered, (iv) independently confirming the completeness and accuracy of digital assets
rewarded to the Company as consideration of providing computing power to third-party mining pools, and (v) confirming the digital asset
balances directly with the custodian of the Company s wallets. 

Impairment
of Property and Equipment and Advances to Vendors 

As
disclosed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company impaired certain property and equipment and advances to vendors and recognized
a charge of approximately 332 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
principal consideration for our determination that auditing impairment of property and equipment and advances to vendors is a critical
audit matter is due to the degree of complexity and judgment used by management in developing the fair value measurement, which led to
a high degree of audit judgment and subjectivity and significant effort in performing procedures relating to fair value measurement 

Addressing
this matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. These procedures included, among others, (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the method used by management to determine
the fair value of the asset group, (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions used to estimate the fair value measurement
of each asset within the asset group; and (iii) testing the completeness, accuracy and relevance of underlying data used in the impairment
assessment. 

/s/

Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

March
16, 2023 

53 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Restated) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Digital assets 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Other receivable 

Deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment (net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively) 

Advances to vendors 

Investments 

Long term deposits 

Long term prepaids 

Right-of-use assets 

Digital assets, restricted 

Intangible assets (net of accumulated amortization of at December 31, 2021) 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Legal reserve payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Term loan 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part to these audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

54 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 (Restated) 
 2020 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 (Restated) 
 2020 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Legal reserves 

Impairment of deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of patents 

Impairment of mining equipment and advances to vendors 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and
 digital assets 
 ) 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Impairment of loan and investment due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part to these audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

55 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs/At-the-market offering 

Common stock issued for purchase of mining servers 

Common stock issued for note conversion 

Common stock issued for long term service contract 

Issue common stock and warrant for cash 

Warrant exercised for cash 

Options exercised for cash 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs/At-the-market offering 

Options exercised on cashless basis 

Warrant exercised for cash 

Common stock issued for cashless exercise of warrants 

Common stock issued for service and license agreements 

Net loss (Restated) 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Balance 

Stock-based compensation, net of tax withholding 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs/At-the-market offering 

Common stock issued for service and license agreements 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part to these audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

56 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 (Restated) 
 2020 

For the Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 (Restated) 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of prepaid service contract 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and
 digital assets 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of mining equipment and advances to vendors 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Impairment of patents 

Impairment of assets related to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Other adjustments from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Digital assets 

Deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Legal reserve payable 

Accrued interest 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Advances to vendors 

Loan receivable 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Sales of property and equipment 

Sale of digital currencies 

Purchase of digital assets in Investment Fund 

Purchase of equity investments 

Deconsolidation of Investment Fund 

Sale of digital assets in Investment Fund 
 780 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from term loan borrowings, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds received on issuance of note payable 

Borrowings from revolving credit agreement 

Repayments of revolving credit agreement 

Value of shares withheld for taxes 

Proceeds received on exercise of options and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 

Supplemental Information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Receivable due to share issuance 

Digital assets transferred from Investment Fund 

Common stock issued for purchase of mining servers 

Reduction of share commitment for purchase of mining servers 

Common stock issued for note conversion 

Warrants exercised into common stock 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Collection of loan denominated in Bitcoin 

Issuance of loan denominated in Bitcoin 

Reclassifications from advances to vendor to property and equipment upon receipt of equipment 

Common stock issued for service and license agreements 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part to these audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

57 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Net income (loss) impact 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Net income (loss) impact 

Impairment
of Digital Assets 

The Company corrected its calculation of impairment on digital assets that used the U.S. Dollar bitcoin spot rate at a standard cutoff
time instead of the lowest U.S. Dollar bitcoin spot rate at any point in time during the day. The Company s correction of this calculation results in it
recognizing impairment in an amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the digital assets at any point in time during
the day. 

Digital assets, restricted - Current assets 

Digital assets, restricted - Other assets 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

Impairment of digital assets 

Net income (loss) impact 

As
 of (unaudited) 
 
 (in
 thousands) 
 March
 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June
 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September
 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December
 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets Impact 

Digital
 assets 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

Impairment of digital assets 

Net income (loss) impact 

NYDIG
Digital Assets Fund III, LP Consolidation Gross versus Net Presentation 

Marathon
accounted for its investment in the NYDIG Digital Assets Fund III, LP Fund at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income, resulting in the recognition of the Fund s assets net of liabilities, and unrealized and realized
gains net of expenses. Management subsequently determined that the Company should have consolidated the Fund under the voting
interest model and therefore should have presented assets of the Fund, liabilities, gains, and expenses on a gross basis. 

Marathon
previously revised certain period amounts included in it s Form 10-Q for interim period ended September 30, 2022 as stated
within NOTE 16 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED). However, the error has been reflected throughout this document for
purposes of comparability within the restatement adjustments. 

NYDIG
Digital Assets Fund III, LP Financial Statement Reclassification 

Realized
and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held in investment fund were incorrectly classified as other non-operating income. A
reclassification was required to correctly classify realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held in investment fund
as operating income for all periods presented. 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Accrued expenses 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

General and administrative expenses 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Net income (loss) impact 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 

As of (unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Impact 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Accrued expenses 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 
(Restated) 
 June 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 
(Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 
(Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 
(Restated) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

General and administrative expenses 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Net income (loss) impact 

Disposal
of Assets 

The Company identified an error in its calculation
on gain on sale of mining equipment due to exclusion of capitalized shipping and customs costs that should have been allocated to the
sold mining equipment. This error if uncorrected would have resulted in an over-impairment of remaining mining equipment (not sold) when such mining equipment was subsequently
impaired. 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Net income (loss) impact 

Other
Adjustments 

Investments 

Long term prepaids 

Accrued expenses 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

General and administrative expenses 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Net income (loss) impact 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2022 

As of (unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Impact 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

General and administrative expenses 

Net income (loss) impact 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Income
Tax Adjustments 

thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021,
primarily due to changes in deferred taxes as a result of the cumulative impact of the restatement. See NOTE 7 INCOME TAXES ,
for additional details regarding income taxes. 

ERROR
CORRECTION OF INCOME TAX EFFECT 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2022 

As of (unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Impact 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred tax liabilities 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2022 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2022 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2022 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) impact 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 

As of (unaudited) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Impact 

Deferred tax liabilities 

(in thousands) 
 March 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Three months ended (unaudited) 
 Year ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 March 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 June 30, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 September 30, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 December 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Impact 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) impact 

Accounting
Policy Adjustments 

The
Company also recorded adjustments to the Consolidated Financial Statements relating to the full retrospective adoption of crypto loan
derecognition guidance issued by the SEC in December 2022, which includes considerations under ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments
- Credit Losses (ASC 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . See further discussion in NOTE 3 SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES and NOTE 5 DIGITAL ASSET LOAN RECEIVABLE, NET OF ALLOWANCE . 

Restated
Consolidated Financial Statements 

For
the restated year ended December 31, 2021, the following tables shows the effects, by financial statement line item, on the
Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows of: 1) the corrections as described above, and 2) the full retrospective adoption of crypto loan derecognition
guidance issued by the SEC in December 2022, which includes considerations under ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit
Losses (ASC 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . 

Digital assets 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Other receivable 

Deposits 

Digital assets, restricted 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Advances to vendors 

Investments 

Long term prepaids 

Intangible assets, net 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Restated
Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Accounting Policy Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Accounting Policy Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Restated
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Accounting Policy Adjustments 
 As Restated 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement Adjustments 
 Accounting Policy Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

Impairment of digital assets 

Stock-based compensation 

Other adjustments from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Digital assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Advances to vendors 

Loan receivable 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of digital assets in Fund 

Purchase of equity investments 

Sale of digital assets in Fund 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt, net of issuance costs 

Borrowings from revolving credit agreement 

Repayments of revolving credit agreement 

Value of shares withheld for taxes 

Proceeds received on exercise of options and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 
 
 - 
 - 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 

thousand
in amount of thousand and 
thousand, respectively. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution, the Company evaluates at least
annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash equivalents
of 
thousand and 
thousand, respectively. 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Additions of digital assets 

Impairment of digital assets 

Derecognition of loaned digital assets 

Disposition of digital assets 

Digital assets and digital assets, restricted at December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Additions of digital assets 

Transfer of digital assets from digital assets held in Fund 

Recognition of loaned digital assets 

Impairment of digital assets 

Disposition of digital assets 

Digital assets and digital assets, restricted at December 31, 2022 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately bitcoin
with a carrying value of thousand.
The bitcoin
were classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as digital assets with a carry value of approximately thousand
and digital assets, restricted of bitcoin
with a carrying value of approximately thousand.
At December 31, 2022, the fair market value of the Company s bitcoin holdings was approximately 
thousand, including digital assets and digital assets, restricted. Digital assets, restricted is comprised of bitcoins held as
collateral for the term loan. At December 31, 2021, the Company held approximately bitcoin
with a carrying value of thousand
and a fair value of thousand. 

bitcoin in an aggregate purchase price of 
thousand. The Company owned 
of the limited partnership interests and consolidated the Fund under a voting interest model. The consolidated assets in the
investment fund are included in current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption digital assets held in
Fund. 

The
Fund qualified and operated as an investment company for accounting purposes pursuant to the accounting and reporting guidance under
ASC 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ASC 946 ), which requires fair value
measurement of the Fund s investments in digital assets. The Company retains the Fund s investment company specific accounting
principles under ASC 946 upon consolidation. The digital assets held by the Fund were traded on a number of active markets globally,
including the over-the-counter market and digital asset exchanges. A fair value measurement under ASC 820 - Fair Value
Measurement ASC 820 for an asset assumes that the asset is exchanged in an orderly transaction between market
participants either in the principal market for the asset or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for
the asset (ASC 820-10-35-5). The fair value of the assets within the Fund were determined using the price of bitcoin provided by the
OTC market, the Fund s principal market for bitcoin as of 11:59:59 p.m. in New York for financial reporting purposes. For
purposes of continuous (daily) fair value measurement, such assets within the Fund were measured using the daily price of bitcoin
provided by the OTC market at 4:00 p.m. in New York. Any changes in the fair value of the assets were recorded in the Consolidated
Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) under the caption realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within investment
fund. 

On
June 10, 2022, the Company redeemed 100 of its limited partnership interest in the Fund in exchange for approximately bitcoin
with a fair market value of approximately thousand . This bitcoin was transferred
from the Fund s custodial wallet to the Company s digital wallet. Upon redemption, the Company no longer had a majority voting
interest in the Fund and therefore deconsolidated the Fund in accordance with ASC 810 Consolidation ASC
810 ). The Company did not record any gain or loss upon deconsolidation as the digital assets in the Fund were measured at fair
value. Subsequent to the transfer, the bitcoin transferred to the Company s digital wallet has been accounted for at cost less
impairment in line with its digital assets measurement policy as described under Digital assets and Digital assets, restricted .
The activity in the Fund for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

Unrealized appreciation on digital assets held in Fund 

Disposition of digital assets held in Fund 

Digital assets held in Fund at December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Unrealized depreciation on digital assets held in Fund 

Disposition of digital assets held in Fund 

Realized loss on in-kind distribution 

Digital assets transferred out of Fund 

Digital assets held in Fund at December 31, 2022 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 

thousand
on its mining rigs and reduced its Advances to vendors for purchase of mining rigs by on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, advances to vendors was thousand 
and 
thousand, respectively. See also discussion regarding property and equipment impairment in NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT. 

thousand in convertible preferred stock of Compute
North Holdings, Inc. The acquisition of convertible preferred stock was accounted for as investments in equity securities without readily
determinable fair value at cost minus impairment, as adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar
investment of the same issuer pursuant to ASC 321. This investment was subject to an impairment of 
 thousand following Compute North s chapter
11 Bankruptcy filing in September 2022 (See NOTE 9 COMPUTE NORTH BANKRUPTCY ). 

On
May 3, 2022, the Company converted 
 thousand from a SAFE
investment into preferred stock while purchasing an additional 
 thousand of preferred
stock in Auradine, Inc. along with entering into a commitment to acquire 30,000
thousand of additional shares of preferred stock. This forward contract was accounted for under ASC 321 as an equity security. 

 On
September 27, 2022, the Company increased its investment in the preferred stock of Auradine, Inc. by thousand, bringing its total
carrying amount of investment in Auradine, Inc. preferred stock to thousand. The preferred stock is accounted for as investments
in equity securities without a readily determinable fair value at cost minus impairment, as adjusted for observable price changes in
orderly transactions for identical or similar investments from the same issuer pursuant to ASC 321. During 2022, there were no noted
impairments or other adjustments (See NOTE 15 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS ). 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has one remaining SAFE investment with a carrying value of thousand, with no noted impairments
or other adjustments. 

thousand.
We also impaired certain mining rigs and recorded an impairment charge of thousand 
(see NOTE 4 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT ). 

The
transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both.
When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable
 consideration 

Constraining
 estimates of variable consideration 

The
 existence of a significant financing component in the contract 

Noncash
 consideration 

Consideration
 payable to a customer 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 

The
transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. 

The
transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in
time or over time as appropriate. 

Application
of the five-step model to the Company s mining operations 

The
Company s ongoing major or central operation is to provide computing power to collectives of third-party bitcoin miners (such collectives,
 mining pools as a participant Participant and bitcoin transaction verification services to the bitcoin
network through a Company-operated mining pool as the operator and a participant in a private pool Operator (such activity
as Participant and Operator, collectively, mining ). The Company currently mines in a self-operated pool, which was previously
open to third-party pool participants from September 2021 until May 2022. 

Operator - Transaction fees 

Other revenue 

Operator - Block rewards 

Total revenue 

Operator 

As
Operator, the Company provides transaction verification services. Transaction verification services are an output of the
Company s ordinary activities; therefore, the Company views the transaction requestor as a customer and accounts for the
transaction fees its earns as revenue from a contract with a customer under ASC 606. The bitcoin network is not an entity such that
it may not meet the definition of a customer; however, the Company has concluded it is appropriate to apply ASC 606 by analogy to
block rewards earned from the network. A contract exists under ASC 606 at the point the Company successfully validates a
transaction to the distributed ledger. At this point, the performance obligation to validate the requested transaction has been
satisfied and a contract is deemed to exist as follows: 

The
transaction requester, the bitcoin network and the Company have approved the contract and have evidenced they are committed to the
transaction at the point of successfully validating and adding the transaction to the distributed ledger. The parties rights,
the consideration to be transferred, and the payment terms are clear. The transaction has commercial substance and collection of the
block reward and transaction fees to which the Company is entitled is probable because they are transferred to the Company as part
of closing a successful block. 

By successfully mining a block, the Company
satisfies its lone performance obligation of providing transaction verification services and, thus, recognizes revenue
at that point in time. The amount to which the Company is entitled for successfully validating a block of transactions is fixed at the
point in time the contract is deemed to exist and the performance obligation is satisfied. Thus, there is no variable consideration. 

The
Company also, from time to time, engages unrelated third-party mining enterprises pool participants to contribute computing
power, and in exchange, remits transaction fees and block rewards to pool participants on a pro rata basis according to each respective
pool participant s contributed computing power hash rate). The MaraPool wallet (owned by the Company as Operator) is recorded
on the distributed ledger as the proof of work winner and assignee of all validations and, therefore, the transaction verifier of record.
The pool participants enter into contracts with the Company as Operator; they do not directly enter into contracts with the network or
the requester and are not known verifiers of the transactions assigned to the pool. As Operator, the Company delegates mining work to
the pool participants utilizing software that algorithmically assigns work to each individual miner. By virtue of its selection and operation
of the software, the Company as Operator controls delegation of work to the pool participants. This indicates that the Company directs
the mining pool participants to contribute their hash rate to solve in areas that the Company designates. Therefore, the Company determined
that it controls the service of providing transaction verification services to the network and requester. Accordingly, the Company records
all of the transaction fees and block rewards earned from transactions assigned to MaraPool as revenue, and the portion of the transaction fees and block rewards remitted to MaraPool participants as cost of revenues. The Company operated a mining pool, Marapool, that engaged third-party pool participants from September 2021
until May 2022. 

ASC 606-10-32-21 requires entities to measure the estimated fair value of noncash consideration at contract inception, which is the same time the block reward and transaction fee is earned and the performance obligation to the requester and the network is fulfilled by
successfully validating the applicable block of transactions. For reasons of operational practicality, the Company applies an accounting
convention to use the daily quoted closing U.S. dollar spot rate of bitcoin each day to determine the fair value of bitcoin earned as
transaction fees and block rewards in the Company s wallet during that day. This accounting convention does not result in materially
different revenue recognition from using the fair value of the bitcoin earned at contract inception (i.e., the moment a block is solved)
and has been consistently applied in all periods presented. 

Expenses
associated with providing the bitcoin transaction verification services to the Customers, such as rent, electricity cost, and transaction
fees and block rewards are recorded as cost of revenues. Depreciation on digital asset mining equipment is recorded as a component of
cost of revenues. 

Participant 

When the Company is a Participant in a third-party operated mining pool, the Company provides computing power (hash rate) that is an output
of the Company s ordinary activities in exchange for consideration. The Company considers the third-party mining pool operators
its customer under Topic 606. These contracts are period-to-period contracts because they are terminable at any time by either party without
compensation. A new contract is determined to exist each period that neither the Company, nor the pool operator, terminates the arrangement. 

The provision of computing power is the only performance obligation under our arrangements with third-party mining pool operators. The
transaction consideration the Company receives is non-cash (i.e., bitcoin) and entirely variable as it is unknown at each contract inception
whether the Company will earn any consideration during the period, and if it does become entitled to consideration, how much consideration
it will be entitled to. 

In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-32-11 and 32-12, the Company constrains the variable consideration to which it is entitled and does
not recognize revenue for such amounts until it receives confirmation of the amount , usually via the settlement of the fractional share
of block reward and transaction fee in the Company s digital wallet (i.e., at that point, the variability is resolved and there
is no longer the reasonable possibility of significant reversal of revenue). Before settlement occurs, estimation of the variable consideration
to which the Company is entitled, which depends on inputs unknowable to the Company, carries the risk of a significant revenue reversal
from mis-estimation. Settlement of consideration typically occurs within 24 hours of when a block is won unless such block is won over
a weekend or holiday, in which case settlement can take up to 72 hours. 

The Company uses its accounting convention to recognize revenue using the daily quoted closing U.S. dollar spot rate of bitcoin on the
day the transaction fees and block rewards are settled in the Company s wallet. However, this accounting convention does not result
in materially different revenue recognition from using the fair value of the bitcoin earned at contract inception and has been consistently
applied in all periods presented. 

Expenses
associated with providing computing power services to third-party operated mining pools, such as rent and electricity cost are recorded
as cost of revenues. Depreciation on digital asset mining equipment is also recorded as a component of cost of revenues. 

In
December 2022, the Securities Exchange Commission SEC provided additional guidance on accounting for loaned digital assets.
The Company has therefore adopted the following accounting policy with retrospective application for arrangements where the Company loans
digital assets to a borrower for a specific period of time in exchange for a fee akin to an interest rate. 

Upon
adoption, the Company first evaluates whether to derecognize loaned crypto assets based on an evaluation of all relevant control and
asset derecognition considerations. Such considerations include whether the borrower has the right to use the digital assets at its sole
discretion (e.g.,to sell, pledge digital assets to a third party) and whether the lender has transferred present rights to economic benefits
associated with the digital asset for a different right to receive digital assets in the future. 

When
derecognition of the underlying loaned digital assets is appropriate, the Company will derecognize the loaned digital asset it no longer
controls, and recognize a right to receive back in the future the loaned digital asset digital asset loan receivable ). 

The
digital asset loan receivable is recorded at the then-current (i.e., time of transfer) fair value of the loaned crypto assets with any
difference between the fair value of the loaned crypto assets and their pre-transfer carrying amount recognized as a gain in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). Throughout the loan period, the digital asset loan receivable will continue to be measured at the fair value of the underlying
loaned digital asset with changes recorded in operating income (loss). 

At
loan commencement and throughout the loan period, the Company considers and accounts for credit risk of the borrower (i.e., risk the
borrower will not return the loaned crypto assets), using the principles in Topic 326 to measure
any credit impairment. The digital asset loan receivable is presented net of any allowance for credit losses on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. When the digital assets on loan are returned to the Company, such loaned digital assets are re-recorded on the Company s
Consolidated Balance Sheets at the carrying value of the digital asset loan receivable immediately prior to derecognition with no gain or loss realized at the end of the loan. 

Mining rigs 

Containers 

Construction in progress 
 N/A 

Gross property, equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

The
Company records mining rigs not yet placed into service as construction in progress. Upon energization of the mining rigs, the mining
rigs are reclassified to Mining rigs and depreciated over the estimated useful life. 

The
Company s depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was
 thousand and thousand, respectively. 

In
late 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with DCRBN Ventures Development and Acquisition LLC DCRBN in which the
Company agreed to sell certain mining rigs to DCRBN in conjunction with the development of commercial activities at the McCamey, TX facility.
In conjunction with its exit from the Hardin, MT facility, the Company also sold bitcoin mining rigs to various third parties. Total
cash proceeds from these sales of assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 were thousand and gains resulting from the asset
sales totaled thousand in the current-year period. There were such sales in 2021. 

In
connection with the exit from the Hardin, MT facility Hardin in September 2022, the Company recorded additional
depreciation expense related to approximately 1,800 bitcoin mining rigs that were previously deployed at Hardin that were no longer in
operating condition based on inspections of the assets at the facility and experience with the assets formerly deployed at Hardin in
the weeks following redeployment. In addition, the Company determined that the useful lives of the remaining mining rigs formerly
deployed at Hardin should be reduced from 36 months to 24 months. These assets had a book value of approximately 
thousand as of September 30, 2022. 

In
accordance with ASC 360 - Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ASC 360 ), long-lived asset
(group) that is held and used must be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the long-lived asset (group) might not be recoverable. Due to the decrease in the cost of bitcoin mining rigs that was
driven by the drop in bitcoin prices during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company assessed the need for an
impairment write-down of its bitcoin mining rigs. In accordance with ASC 360-10, the Company first determined that the carrying
value of its bitcoin miners is not recoverable. As its bitcoin mining rigs further had a carrying value in excess of fair value, the Company recognized an impairment charge for its bitcoin mining rigs of approximately 
thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair value of the bitcoin miners determined primarily using observable prices for
similar assets as of December 31, 2022 was 
thousand (Level 2). 

As
a result of the above impairment charge for its asset group of bitcoin mining rigs, the Company re-evaluated and reduced the estimated
useful life for its asset group of mining rigs from to years, effective January 1, 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had thousand,
net of a thousand
impairment charge per below, of Advances to vendors for the purchase of mining rigs on the consolidated balance sheet. As of
December 31, 2021, the Company had thousand
of Advances to vendors for purchase of mining rigs on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Due
to the decrease in the cost of bitcoin mining rigs that was driven by the drop in bitcoin prices during the fourth quarter ended December
31, 2022, the Company evaluated the need for an impairment write-down of its contracts with bitcoin mining equipment manufacturers. The
Company compared the prices of the miner rigs under contract to the fair value of mining rigs as of December 31, 2022, and determined
that an impairment loss should be recognized. Accordingly, the Company recognized an impairment charge of thousand and reduced
its Advances to vendors on the consolidated balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

bitcoin were loaned to NYDIG. No collateral was posted to Marathon under the terms
of the two loans. The digital assets loan receivables were initially and subsequently measured at the fair value of the underlying bitcoin
lent at the time of the transfer, approximately thousand, and adjusted for expected credit losses, with changes in fair value
recorded as unrealized gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). A loan fee was accrued daily, based on the daily
closing price of the underlying bitcoin and a set percentage rate, and paid in cash on a monthly basis consistent with each loan s
confirmation terms. 

Given
the limited size and nature of the Company s digital asset loan receivables, the Company utilized the probability of default PD loss given default LGD approach to estimating the allowance for credit loss ACL at origination and subsequent
reporting periods. In order to apply the PD LGD approach, management considered the lifetime of the digital asset loan receivable, the
reasonable and supportable forecast period, and the PD LGD. 

Life
 of loan: The contractual maturity of each digital asset loan receivable was one year from
 origination. As such, the Company used each instrument s life of loan period for estimating
 current expected credit losses, unadjusted by any prepayment risk as any risk would be immaterial
 to either the repayment in kind or the accrued loan fee receivable that is due in cash on
 a monthly basis. 

Reasonable
 and supportable forecast period: Given the relatively short term nature of the loans, the
 Company set the reasonable and supportable period to the life of loan. As such, no reversion
 or post-reversion methodology was required. 

Credit
 quality information and associated probability of default of NYDIG: In order to assess the
 credit risk of the borrower, Marathon estimated a NYDIG synthetic credit rating as of March 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021 using an Ordinal Logistic Regression Model Regression
 Model ). The Regression Model is a widely used statistical model to classify a company
 into credit ratings and to estimate PD based on certain business metrics, including total
 assets, total debt, revenues, EBIT, and net income. Based on the Regression Model results,
 the Company estimated NYDIG s synthetic credit rating of CCC- as of March 31, 2022 and B as of December
 31, 2021. The associated probability of default
 was approximately and , respectively. 

Estimation
 of losses given default: Given no collateral was posted, the Company assumed a loss given
 default of 100.0 of the original and subsequent reporting digital asset loan receivable and
 the accrued loan fee. 

In
addition, the accrued loan fee receivable is reported separately from the digital asset loan receivable and its carrying amount is de
minimis at the reporting date. As a result, the reported ACL includes only the impact of any unpaid accrued loan fee receivable at the
reporting date. 

The
loans were fully repaid by NYDIG in June 2022 at which time the 
bitcoin were reclassified into digital assets at the carrying value of the digital assets loan receivable immediately prior to its
derecognition at the end of loan. The Company did not have any digital asset loan receivables outstanding as of
December 31, 2022. As such, the Company recorded an allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2021 with an initial provision
expense of approximately 851 thousand. As of December 31, 2022 the company recognized a corresponding provision benefit of
approximately 851 thousand for the June 2022 repayment in full, resulting in 0 remaining allowance for loan losses at the
end of the year. 

thousand
compared to a carrying value less unamortized debt discount of thousand. 

The
carrying value of our term loan, operating lease liabilities and other long-term liabilities approximate fair value as the related interest
rates approximate rates currently available to the Company. 

Financial
assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to their fair value measurement. The Company measures the fair value of its marketable securities by taking into consideration valuations
obtained from third-party pricing sources. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and
market-based approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, to estimate fair value. These
inputs included reported trades of and broker-dealer quotes on the same or similar securities, issuer credit spreads, benchmark securities
and other observable inputs. 

Investments 

Fair value measured at December 31, 2021 (Restated) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Total 
 carrying 
 value at 
 December 31, 
 2021 (Restated) 
 Quoted 
 prices in 
 active 
 markets (Level 1) 
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Assets 

Money Market Accounts 

Other receivable 1 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Investments 

(1) 

At
December 31, 2021, the Company had bitcoin as a loan to NYDIG. This loan of bitcoin was recorded as a digital asset loan receivable
within other receivable. (see NOTE 5 DIGITAL ASSET LOAN RECEIVABLE, NET OF ALLOWANCE ).
The bitcoin were returned to the Company on June 10, 2022. The digital assets loaned represent the fair value of the bitcoin
underlying the loan as Level 2 inputs for the year ended December 31, 2021 as bitcoin prices can be determined
based on several exchange prices. 

On
June 10, 2022, the Company withdrew approximately 
bitcoin from its investment in NYDIG Digital Assets Fund III, LP and transferred the bitcoin directly into the Company s
account. As a result, the Company will no longer receive mark-to-market accounting for the bitcoin formerly held in
the Fund and the 
bitcoin will now be classified as digital assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subject to impairment analysis as an
indefinite-lived intangible. 

The
Company s investments (see NOTE 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES are classified within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy because the fair value is determined using the Monte Carlo Simulation Model and by utilizing significant
unobservable inputs including probability of financing events, subordinated recovery rate, and credit spread of the investees. The Company will update its assumptions each reporting period based on new developments and record such
amounts at fair value based on the revised assumptions. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had an outstanding warrant liability in the amount of associated
with warrants that were issued in January 2017 and warrants issued related to the convertible notes issued in August and September
of 2017. The fair value of the warrant liabilities are marked-to-market each reporting period and changes in fair value are recorded
as a non-operating gain or loss in our Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), until they are completely exercised. The fair value is determined
each reporting period using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is affected by changes in inputs to that model including our
stock price, expected stock price volatility, dividends, interest rates and expected term. 

Additions 

Conversions 

Impairment and change in fair value 

Carrying value at December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Additions 

Conversions 

Impairment and change in fair value 

Carrying value at December 31, 2022 

Non-recurring
measurement of Fair Value 

The
Company accounts for its digital assets as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350 - Intangibles
 Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). The Company s digital assets are initially recorded at fair value
upon receipt (or carrying value ). On a quarterly basis, they are measured at carrying value, net of any impairment
losses incurred since receipt. Pursuant to guidance from ASC 820 , the Company is required to determine the nonrecurring fair
value measurement used to determine impairment of the digital assets held on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company will
record impairment losses as the fair value falls below the carrying value of the digital
assets. The digital assets can only be marked down when impaired and not marked up when their value increases. The resulting
carrying value represents the fair value of the asset. The last impairment date for the digital assets was December 31, 2022. The
Company had an outstanding carrying balance of digital assets of approximately 
thousand, and fair value net of impairment losses incurred of 
thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the bitcoin held as digital assets was
approximately 
thousand (Level 2). 

In
accordance with ASC 360 - Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Asset s ASC 360 ), long-lived asset
(group) that is held and used must be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the long-lived asset (group) might not be recoverable. Due to the decrease in the cost of bitcoin mining rigs that was driven
by the drop in bitcoin prices during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company assessed the need for an impairment write-down
of it s bitcoin miners. In accordance with ASC 360-10, the Company determined that its bitcoin miners had a carrying value in excess
of fair value, and accordingly, the Company recognized an impairment charge for its bitcoin rigs of approximately thousand
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair value of the bitcoin rigs determined primarily using observable prices for similar assets
as of December 31, 2022 was thousand (Level 2). 

thousand and 
thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S.
federal income tax rate of 
to pretax income from continuing operations as a result of the following: 

State income taxes, net of federal tax expense 

Executive compensation deduction limitation 

Excess tax benefit related to share-based compensation 

Nondeductible other expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Prior year true-ups 

Other, net 

Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred expense 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax expense after valuation allowance (benefit) 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Intangible assets 

Stock compensation 

Digital assets 

Disallowed Interest 

Bad debt reserve 

Research and development costs 

Accruals, reserves and other 

Loan reserve 

Impairment loss 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gains 

Prepaid service contracts 

Property and equipment 

Total gross deferred liabilities 

Net deferred tax liability 

The
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was thousand and nil , respectively. The net change
in the total valuation allowance was an increase of thousand in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

At
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded, based upon all available evidence, it was more likely than not that it would not
have sufficient future taxable income to realize the Company s federal and state deferred tax assets. As a result, the Company
established a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets that are not supported by reversing deferred tax liabilities. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of 
 thousand, which are available to offset future
taxable income. The Company has net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes of 
 thousand which are available to offset future
state taxable income. The Company has interest carryforward in the amount of 
 thousand which has no expiration. 

thousand of tax attributes is limited by Section 382/383
as of December 31, 2022. The Section 382/383 limitation in conjunction with the twenty-year carryforward limitation caused thousand
of attributes to be deemed worthless, which resulted in a write-off of the related deferred tax assets in 2021. 

- 
 
 Federal net operating loss carryforwards - indefinite life 

State net operating loss carryforwards 

Interest carryforwards 

Increase related to prior year tax positions 

Increase related to current year tax positions 

Balance, end of year 

The
Company has established a reserve against its federal R D tax credits generated in 2022 and previous years. The Company has also
established a reserve related to its executive compensation deduction limitation in 2022. 

In
addition, the Company has the following attributes and credit carryforwards: 

- 
 
 Federal net operating loss carryforwards - indefinite life 

As
of December 31, 2022, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was thousand, all of which was offset against deferred tax
assets. If the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized as of December 31, 2022, there would be a thousand favorable impact that
would affect the effective rate on income from continuing operations. The Company also accrues for interest and penalties on its uncertain
tax positions and includes such charges in its income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). Interest and penalty
expense amounted to nil and nil, respectively, in 2022 and 2021. 

Total
accrued interest and penalties were nil and nil, respectively, in 2022. The Company does not currently expect any of its remaining unrecognized
tax benefits to be recognized in the next twelve months. 

The
Company files federal and state income tax returns. The 2018-2021 tax years generally remain subject to examination by the IRS and various
state taxing authorities, although the Company is not currently under examination in any jurisdiction. 

Restricted stock units 

Convertible notes to exchange common stock 

Total dilutive shares 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares - basic and diluted 

Loss per common share - basic and diluted 

thousand in Convertible Preferred Stock of Compute North Holdings, Inc. 

Approximately
 thousand related to an unsecured Senior Promissory note with Compute North LLC. 

Approximately
 thousand in operating deposits with Compute North primarily related to the King Mountain
 and Wolf Hollow hosting facilities. 

The
Company s financial exposure to Compute North on the date of the Bankruptcy was approximately 
thousand . During the third quarter t he Company assessed
the impairment of these assets given the bankruptcy proceedings and estimated that the preferred stock, the unsecured loan, and approximately
 
thousand in deposits were fully impaired. As a result, the company recorded an impairment charge
of 
thousand during the third quarter of 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the company estimated
that an additional 
 thousand
in deposits had likely been impaired and as such recorded an additional impairment charge .

On February 16, 2023, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Debtors Plan of Reorganization, pursuant to which Marathon s
claim has been fixed at thousand as an unsecured claim to be paid out according to the timing and percentages within the approved
Debtor s plan. 

thousand from time to time through Wainwright acting as its sales agent. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had sold 
thousand shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 
thousand, net of offering costs pursuant to this At-The-Market Offering Agreement. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

Issued 

4.3 
 
 Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Issued 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
 and thousand, respectively. 

Restricted
Stock 

A
summary of the restricted stock award activity (represented by restricted stock units (RSUs) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, as follows: 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 (Restated) 

Granted 

Retired 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of approximately thousand
 remains to be recognized over the weighted average period of approximately years. 

Non-income taxes 

Other 

Total accrued expenses 

Less: unamortized debt discount 

Total convertible notes, net of discount 

Revolving credit line 
 
 Variable 

Term loan 
 
 Variable 

Less: unamortized deferred fees 

Total loans and debt 

Total 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was amortization of debt issuance costs of 
 thousand and 
 thousand, respectively. Interest expense was
 thousand
and thousand
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

RLOC
and Term Loan facilities 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement with Silvergate Bank pursuant to which Silvergate
agreed to loan the Company up to thousand on
a revolving basis. 

On
July 28, 2022, the Company entered into a new Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the Agreement or RLOC with Silvergate Bank (the Bank pursuant to which Silvergate agreed to loan the Company up to ,000 thousand on a revolving basis pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. This facility refinanced and
replaced an existing ,000 thousand facility the Company had in place with the Bank. On
the same date the Company also entered into a thousand principal term loan facility
(the Term Loan ). The terms of the facilities set forth in the RLOC and the Term Loan are as follows: 

Initial
 Term: 
 
 Termination
 is on . 

Availability
 of the facilities: 
 
 The
 RLOC shall be made available from time to time to the Company for periodic draws (provided no event of default then exists) from
 its closing date up to and including the termination date of the Agreement. 
 
 The
 Company may borrow up to million on the term loan, with million to be made as of the Closing Date (the Initial
 Draw ), and million to be made, at Borrower s request, on or before April 25, 2023 (the Delayed Draw ),
 and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement. 

Origination
 Fees for 
 the
 facilities: 
 
 RLOC:
 of the Loan Commitment to the Bank (or thousand); due at RLOC closing (and on each anniversary if the RLOC continues for
 more than one year). 
 
 Term
 Loan: An origination fee of thousand and a contingent draw fee in the amount of thousand (the, Contingent Draw Fee upon the execution of the Term Loan Agreement. This Contingent Draw Fee will be refunded to the Company if it borrows the Delayed
 Draw by no later than November 25, 2022. 

Unused
 Commitment 
 Fee
 on the RLOC: 

per annum of the portion of the unused Loan Commitment, payable monthly in arrears. 

Renewal
 of the RLOC: 
 
 The
 RLOC may be renewed annually by agreement between the Bank and the Company, subject to (without limitation): 

Interest
 Rate and Payments 
 for
 the facilities: 
 
 RLOC:
 Interest only to be paid monthly, with principal all due at maturity. The interest rate is defined as the higher of (i) the Floor
 Rate and (ii) Prime Rate plus the Applicable Margin. Floor Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination: (a) 5.25 
 for any days during an Interest Period the Loan to Value LTV Ratio is less than 40 , (b) six percent (6.00 for
 any days during an Interest Period the LTV Ratio is greater than or equal to 40 and less than 55 , and (c) 6.75 for any day the
 LTV Ratio is greater than or equal to 55 . The Applicable Margin means at any time: (a) 1.25 for any days during an Interest Period
 the LTV Ratio is less than 40 , (b2.00 for any days during an Interest Period the LTV Ratio is greater than or equal to40 and less
 than 55 , and (c) 2.75 for any days during an Interest Period the LTV Ratio is greater than or equal to 55 . 

Term
 Loan: Interest, which shall be due on the principal amount of the loan, at the higher of and the Prime Rate plus , only
 to be paid monthly, with principal all due at maturity. 

Collateral
 for the facilities: 
 
 The
 RLOC and term loan facilities are secured by a pledge of a sufficient amount of Company s right, title and interest in and
 to bitcoin stored in a custody account for the benefit of the Bank (the Collateral Account ). The Bank will establish
 a Collateral Account with a regulated custodial entity (the Custodian that has been approved by the Bank. The Bank
 and Custodian will have a custodial agreement to perfect the security interest in the pledged Collateral Account which, among other
 things, allows for 1) the Bank to monitor the balance of the Collateral Account and 2) allows the Bank to have exclusive control
 over the Collateral Account including liquidation of the collateral in the event of Company s default under the terms of the
 RLOC. The Bank may also file a UCC financing statement on the pledged collateral. The Company bears the risk of loss from market
 value declines of its collateral pursuant to its obligation to pledge additional bitcoin if its market value declines such that outstanding
 borrowings under the RLOC are undercollateralized. The Company may also withdraw its collateral from the Collateral Account if market
 value of bitcoin increases and outstanding borrowings under the RLOC are overcollateralized or if such borrowings are repaid in whole
 or in part. 

Minimum
 Advance Rates 
 for
 the facilities: 
 
 At
 origination, the Company must ensure the Collateral Account balance has sufficient bitcoin to cause the LTV ratio to equal (or
 less) Minimum Advance Rate on the unpaid principal balance of the facilities. If at any time the LTV ratio exceeds
 , the Company must bring the rate of advance to the Minimum Advance Rate. 

Covenants
 for the facilities: 
 
 The
 Company must maintain a minimum adjusted net worth of million. The Company must maintain a minimum unrestricted and unencumbered
 cash of million. 

Convertible
Note 

On
November 18, 2021, the Company issued 
thousand principal of its 
Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture
(the Indenture ), dated as of November 18, 2021, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee
(the Trustee ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchasers of the Notes, the
Company also granted the initial purchasers an option, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, November 18, 2021
to purchase up to an additional 
thousand principal of Notes, which additional Notes were purchased on November 23, 2021, for an aggregate principal amount of Notes purchased
of 
thousand. All references in this disclosure to Notes includes the Notes issued on both November 18, 2021 and November 23,
2021. 

The
Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and
future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is
expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness,
to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future
indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity,
if any, of the Company s subsidiaries. 

The
Notes accrue interest at a rate of 
per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2022. . From and after September 1, 2026, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until
the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions
by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at
the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is 
shares of common stock per thousand principal
amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 
per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of
certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined
in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of
time. 

. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes
unless at least 100,000 thousand aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company
sends the related redemption notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with
respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances
if it is converted during the related redemption conversion period. 

If
certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited
exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to
the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change
repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain
de-listing events with respect to the Company s common stock. 

The
Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include
the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, are
subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods
of time; (iii) the Company s failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company s ability
to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company
in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice
is given in accordance with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness
for borrowed money of at least 50,000 thousand; and (vi) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company
or any of its significant subsidiaries. 

If
an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect
to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the
Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event
of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25 of the aggregate
principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued
and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply
with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on
the Notes for up to 270 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 on the principal amount of the Notes. 

thousand and
 thousand, respectively for leases in the United States. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s ROU assets and total lease
liabilities were nil. The Company has amortized the right-of-use assets totaling thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Operating lease expense 

Short-term lease rent expense 

Total rent expense 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liability 

The
Company entered into an arrangement with Applied Blockchain for the use of an energized cryptocurrency mining facility under which the
Company pays for electricity per megawatt based on usage. The Company has determined that it has a lease of one of the facilities governed
by this arrangement (Ellendale) as the Company has contracted to take substantially all of the output of such facility. This lease is
expected to commence in the first quarter of 2023. 

thousand as an appropriate damages amount if liability
is found, as opposed to the various theories espoused by Ho that result in multi-million-dollar recoveries. Due to outstanding issues
of fact and law, it is impossible to predict the outcome at this time; however, after consulting legal counsel, the Company is confident
that it will prevail in this litigation, since it did not have a contract with Mr. Ho and he did not disclose any commercially sensitive
information under any mutual nondisclosure agreement that was used to structure any joint venture with energy providers. Trial is scheduled
for May 2023. 

Information
Subpoena 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company entered into a series of agreements with multiple parties to design and build a data center for up to 100-megawatts
in Hardin, MT. In conjunction therewith, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K on October 13, 2020. The 8-K disclosed that,
pursuant to a Data Facility Services Agreement, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock, in transactions exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, the Company
and certain of its executives received a subpoena to produce documents and communications concerning the Hardin, Montana data center
facility described in our Form 8-K dated October 13, 2020. We understand that the SEC may be investigating whether or not there may have
been any violations of the federal securities law. We are cooperating with the SEC. 

Putative
Class Action Complaint 

On
December 17, 2021, a putative class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, against
the Company and present and former senior management. The complaint alleges securities fraud related to the disclosure of an SEC investigation
previously made by the Company on November 15, 2021. Plaintiff Tad Schlatre served the complaint on the Company on March 1, 2022. On
September 12, 2022, the court appointed Carlos Marina as lead plaintiff. On October 21, 2022, lead plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the
complaint without prejudice. 

Derivative
Complaints 

On
February 18, 2022, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, against
current and former members of the Company s board of directors and senior management. The complaint is based on allegations substantially
similar to the allegations in the December 2021 putative class action complaint, related to the Company s disclosure of an SEC
investigation previously made by the Company on November 15, 2021. On March 4, 2022, the complaint was served on the Company. On April
4, 2022, the defendants moved to dismiss the complaint. 

On
May 5, 2022, a second shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, against
current and former members of the Company s board of directors and senior management. The second shareholder derivative complaint
is based on allegations substantially similar to the allegations in the February 18, 2022 derivative complaint. On May 11, 2022, the
defendants moved to dismiss the second shareholder derivative complaint. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Court entered an order consolidating the two derivative actions. A June 13, 2022 scheduling order provided for plaintiffs
to file a consolidated complaint and for renewed motions to dismiss the consolidated shareholder derivative complaint. On November 22,
2022, before a consolidated complaint was due, plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed both actions without prejudice. On November 23, 2022,
both actions were closed. 

Legal
Reserves 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a 
thousand legal reserve charge related to the fair value of certain stock grants used for personal income tax reporting purposes during
2021. The majority of this reserve was related to a claim made by the Company s former Chairman and CEO. In working on this initial
claim, the Company discovered that seven other individuals were also impacted by the same issue, including one current board member and
the current Chairman and CEO. The total amount of this portion of the reserve amounted to approximately 
thousand. Legal settlements that were accrued but remained unpaid as of December 31, 2022 of 
thousand were classified as legal reserve payable . 

Compute
North Bankruptcy 

On
September 22, 2022, Compute North filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Compute North provides operating services to the Company
and hosts our mining rigs in multiple facilities. We delivered miners to Compute North, which then installed the mining rigs in several
facilities, operated and maintained the mining rigs, and provides energy to keep the miners operating. In chapter 11, Compute North is
currently seeking to sell substantially all of its assets, including its direct and indirect ownership interests in the facilities that
house the Company s miners. Compute North may also seek to assume and assign the Compute North agreements to which the Company
is party to one or more third-party purchasers of Compute North s assets or it may seek to reject such agreements. Accordingly,
Compute North s chapter 11 cases could cause a disruption in services provided by Compute North to us and, therefore, could have
an adverse effect on our operations in the facilities managed by Compute North. 

At
this stage of Compute North s chapter 11 cases, it is difficult to predict whether Marathon will receive any meaningful recovery
on account of its claims. 

thousand investment in Auradine, Inc., bringing its total holdings in Auradine to 
thousand based upon a previously issued and disclosed SAFE instrument. Said Ouissal, a director of the Company, owns approximately 
of the issued and outstanding shares of Auradine, and Fred Thiel, the Company s Chairman and CEO, sits on Auradine s Board
of Directors. On November 3, 2022, the Company s Board met and determined that Said Ouissal is no longer deemed to be an independent
director of the Company. As a result, Mr. Ouissal stepped down from the Audit and Compensation Committees. 

Unaudited
Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Restricted cash 

Digital assets 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Other receivable 

Deposits 

Loan receivable 

Digital assets, restricted 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Assets held for sale 

Advances to vendors 

Investments 

Digital assets, restricted 

Long term deposits 

Long term prepaids 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Legal reserve payable 

Warrant liability 

Short term borrowings - revolving credit line 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of accrued bond interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

SBA PPP loan payable 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

As of 

June 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Digital assets 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Long term prepaids 

Intangible assets, net 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Warrant liability 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

As of 

September 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Digital assets 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Other receivable 

Deposits 

Digital assets, restricted 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Long term prepaids 

Intangible assets, net 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Warrant liability 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

As of 

March 31, 2022 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Digital assets 

Digital assets held in Fund 

Other receivable 

Deposits 

Digital assets, restricted 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Advances to vendors 

Investments 

Long term prepaids 

Right-of-use assets 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

As of 

June 30, 2022 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Digital assets 

Deposits 

Digital assets, restricted 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Assets held for sale 

Advances to vendors 

Investments 

Long term prepaids 

Right-of-use assets 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Short term borrowings - revolving credit line 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

As of 

September 30, 2022 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Digital assets 

Other receivable 

Deposits 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Advances to vendors 

Investments 

Long term deposits 

Long term prepaids 

Right-of-use assets 

Digital assets, restricted 

Total other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Legal reserve payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Term loan 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Unaudited
Consolidated Interim Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Legal reserves 

Impairment of deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of patents 

Impairment of mining equipment and advances to vendors 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Impairment of loan and investment due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per share, basic: 

Net income (loss) per share, diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

June 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the six months ended 

June 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

September 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the nine months ended 

September 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 
 ) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total Revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and
 digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income per share, basic: 

Net income per share, diluted: 
 0.10 

0.10 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding, basic: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted: 
 113,402,577 
 113,402,577 
 113,402,577 
 113,402,577 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

March 31, 2022 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of patents 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

June 30, 2022 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the six months ended 

June 30, 2022 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of patents 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

September 30, 2022 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Legal reserves 

Impairment of deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Impairment of digital assets 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Impairment of loan and investment due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the nine months ended 

September 30, 2022 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Legal reserves 

Impairment of deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of patents 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Gain on sale of equipment, net of disposals 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Fund 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Impairment of loan and investment due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

For the three months ended 
 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Total revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues - energy, hosting and other 

Cost of revenues - depreciation and amortization 

Total cost of revenues 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Legal reserves 

Impairment of deposits due to vendor bankruptcy filing 

Impairment of digital assets 

Impairment of mining equipment and advances to vendors 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other non-operating income (loss) 

Interest expense 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted: 

Net loss per share, basic: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted: 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic: 

Unaudited
Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Adjustments to reconcile net less to net cash used in operating activities: 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

Impairment of digital assets 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Proceeds from sale of digital currencies in fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Realized gain (loss) on sale of digital currencies 

Deferred tax expense 

Impairment of digital currencies 

Gain on Sale of Asset, net of disposals 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital currencies held in fund 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Deconsolidation of Fund 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the six months ended 

June 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net less to net cash used in operating activities: 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

Impairment of digital assets 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the nine months ended 

September 30, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net less to net cash used in operating activities: 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

Impairment of digital assets 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

(in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 

For the three months ended 

March 31, 2022 
 
 (in thousands) 
 As Reported 
 Restatement 
 Adjustments 
 Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 
 As Restated 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net less to net cash used in operating activities: 

Deferred tax benefit 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

Impairment of digital assets 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

(in thousands) 
 
 As Reported 

Restatement 
 Adjustments 

Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 

As Restated 

For the six months ended 

June 30, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 As Reported 

Restatement 
 Adjustments 

Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 

As Restated 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net less to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on sale of assets 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax expense 

() 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital assets held within Investment Fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

() 

Impairment of digital assets 

() 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 
 
 All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Deconsolidation of Fund 

() 

() 
 
 All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

() 

(in thousands) 
 
 As Reported 

Restatement 
 Adjustments 

Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 

As Restated 

For the nine months ended 

September 30, 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 As Reported 

Restatement 
 Adjustments 

Accounting 
 Policy 
 Adjustments 

As Restated 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net less to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on Sale of Asset, net of disposals 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax expense 

() 

() 

Realized and unrealized losses (gains) on digital currencies held within Investment Fund 

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on digital assets loan receivable and digital assets 

Change in fair value of digital assets held in Investment Fund 

() 

Impairment of digital currencies 

() 

Other adjustment from operations, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Deconsolidation of Fund 

() 

() 
 
 All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

All other adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

, and capital contributions will be made,
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, during the 2023 development period in those proportions, consisting of both
cash and in kind, in amounts of approximately thousand in aggregate. 

On February 6, 2023, the Company
provided Silvergate Bank with the required 30-day notice stating the Company s intent to prepay the outstanding balance on its
term loan facility as well as the Company s intent to terminate the term loan facility. The Company and Silvergate
subsequently agreed to also terminate the revolving line of credit RLOC facility. On March 8, 2023, the term loan
prepayment was completed, and the Company s term loan and RLOC facilities with Silvergate Bank were terminated. 

On March 12, 2023, Signature Bank
was closed by its state chartering authority, the New York State Department of Financial Services. On the same date the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver and transferred all customer deposits and substantially all of the
assets of Signature Bank to Signature Bridge Bank, N.A., a full-service bank that is being operated by the FDIC. The
Company automatically became a customer of Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. as part of this action. The Company held approximately 
thousand cash deposits at Signature Bridge Bank, N.A.as of March 12, 2023. Normal banking activities resumed on Monday, March 13,
2023. 

103 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s
Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ),
as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the goal being that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports
filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. There are inherent limitations
to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures
can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the company s
financial reporting. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

104 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework in the 2013 COSO framework. 

Based
on this evaluation, management identified a weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to the application and interpretation
of generally accepted accounting principles GAAP primarily in the areas of consolidation, impairment of digital assets,
disposal of property and equipment and principal versus agent considerations in revenue recognition. In addition, the Company has not
 designed or implemented user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties, or program
change management controls for certain financially relevant systems impacting the Company s processes around revenue recognition
and digital assets to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting the Company s (i) financial IT applications, (ii) digital
currency mining equipment, and (iii) underlying accounting records, are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately
to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system(s) were complete and accurate. Automated process-level controls and manual controls
that are dependent upon the information derived from such financially relevant systems were also determined to be ineffective as a result
of such deficiency. The Company has also not effectively designed a key manual control to detect material misstatements in revenue. 

The
material weakness related to the application and interpretation of GAAP, as described above, resulted in a material misstatement to the
Company s previously issued consolidated financial statements. The material weakness associated with the manual control over revenue
recognition did not result in a material misstatement to the Company s previously issued consolidated financial statements, nor
in the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses outlined above, the report of our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, Marcum LLP, regarding its audit of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which
is included below under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting , expresses an adverse opinion on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Remediation 

Our
Board of Directors, Audit Committee and management take internal control over financial reporting and the integrity of our financial
statements seriously. 

Management
is responsible its assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting and is committed to improving its controls
related to the material weaknesses described above, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. In
order to achieve the timely implementation of the above, Management has commenced the following actions and will continue to assess additional
opportunities for remediation on an ongoing basis: 

Continue
 the process we started during 2022 of adding to our internal resources to enhance our capabilities
 in the areas of technical accounting, financial reporting, and internal controls 
 
 Continue
 the process started during 2022 of utilizing external third-party technical accounting resources
 to supplement our ability to interpret and apply GAAP as we continue to build our internal
 capabilities in these areas 
 
 Continue
 to utilize external third-party audit and SOX 404 implementation firms to enable the company
 to improve the Company s controls related to our material weaknesses. 
 
 Continue
 to evaluate existing processes, and implement new processes and controls where necessary
 in connection with remediating our material weaknesses, such
 that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 

We
recognize that the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until the remediate
controls operate for a sufficient period of time and can be tested and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively.
Because our remediation efforts are ongoing, we cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that
our internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. 

We
continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting related to the identified material weaknesses
and management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify the remediation plan
described above. In addition, we will report the progress and status of the above remediation efforts to the Audit Committee on a periodic
basis. 

Change
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than what is disclosed above there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter
ended December 31, 2022. 

105 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 ON
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Marathon
Digital Holdings, Inc. 

Adverse
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described in the following paragraph
on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting : 

The Company had a material weakness related to
the application and interpretation of generally accepted accounting principles primarily in the areas of consolidation, impairment of
digital assets, disposal of property and equipment, and principal versus agent considerations in revenue recognition. 

In addition, the Company has not designed or
implemented user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties or program change management controls for certain financially
relevant systems impacting the Company s processes around revenue recognition and digital assets to ensure that IT program and data
changes affecting the Company s (i) financial IT applications, (ii) digital currency mining equipment, and (iii) underlying accounting
records, are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system(s)
were complete and accurate. Automated process-level controls and manual controls that are dependent upon the information derived from
such financially relevant systems were also determined to be ineffective as a result of such deficiency. The Company has also not effectively
designed a manual key control to detect material misstatements in revenue. 

These material weaknesses were considered in
determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the fiscal December 31, 2022 consolidated financial
statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 16, 2023 on those financial statements. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, of the Company, and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

Marcum
LLP 

 Costa
Mesa, California 

 March
16, 2023 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

106 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings
 Executive Officers of the Company, Election of Directors Nominees, and Corporate
Governance and the Board of Directors and its Committees in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A to be filed with
the SEC not later than 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings Executive
Officers of the Company, Election of Directors Nominees, and Corporate Governance and the Board of
Directors and its Committees in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings Executive
Officers of the Company, Election of Directors Nominees, and Corporate Governance and the Board of
Directors and its Committees in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings Executive
Officers of the Company, Election of Directors Nominees, and Corporate Governance and the Board of
Directors and its Committees in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information provided under the headings Executive
Officers of the Company, Election of Directors Nominees, and Corporate Governance and the Board of
Directors and its Committees in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

107 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated November 25, 2011. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated February 15, 2013. (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated July 18, 2013 (3) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated October 25, 2017. (4) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company dated November 25, 2011. (5) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated April 8, 2019 (48) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. (6) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Powers, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of 0 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. (7) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designation of Rights, Powers, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of 0 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. (8) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of proposed Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 0 Series E-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. (9) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (51) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Indenture, dated as of November 18, 2021, between Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and Form of Certificate with Respect Thereto(66) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of At The Market Offering Agreement (70) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Amendment to Bylaws (74) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Agreement dated as of August 14, 2017. (10) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated as of August 14, 2017. (11) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of 5 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 14, 2017. (12) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 14, 2017. (13) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement dated as of July 16, 2017. (14) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement dated as of August 7, 2017. (15) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement dated as of November 28, 2017. (16) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Croxall Retention Agreement dated August 30, 2017. (17) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Retention Agreement with Francis Knuettel II dated August 31, 2017. (18) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement with James Crawford dated August 31, 2017. (19) 

10.11 
 
 Consulting Termination and Release Agreement with Erich Spangenberg dated August 31, 2017. (20) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated August 31, 2017 with Page Innovations, LLC. (21) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Lock-up Agreement with Doug Croxall dated September 7, 2017. (22) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Letter agreement with Revere Investments L.P., dated October 31, 2017. (23) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 1, 2017. (24) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amendment to Croxall Retention Agreement dated November 1, 2017. (25) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Voting and Standstill Agreement with Doug Croxall dated November 1, 2017. (26) 
 
 10.18 
 
 CF Marathon LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of October 20, 2017. (27) 
 
 10.19 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Revenue Sharing and Securities Purchase Agreement and Restructuring Agreement dated as of August 3, 2017. (28) 
 
 10.20 
 
 M A Advisory Agreement with Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC, dated November 13, 2017. (29) 
 
 10.21 
 
 CIARA Technologies Agreement. (Confidential Treatment Requested) (30) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Master Services Agreement with Hypertec Systems Inc. dated December 15, 2017. (Confidential Treatment Requested) (31) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Engagement Letter with Roth Capital Partners, LLC dated December 7, 2017. (32) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Fairness Opinion dated December 13, 2017. (33) 

108 

10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. (34) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. (35) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Patent Rights Purchase and Assignment Agreement with XpresSpa Group, Inc. dated January 11, 2018. (36) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 23, 2018. (37) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Lease Agreement, by and between 9349-0001 Quebec Inc. and Cryptoespace Inc., dated November 11, 2017. (38) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, by and between Blocespace Inc. and Marathon Crypto Mining, Inc., dated February 12, 2018 (39) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Release of Claims, dated March 8, 2018. (40) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 19, 2018. (41) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 3, 2018. (42) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement (46) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement (47) 
 
 10.36 
 
 At the Market Offering Agreement with HC Wainwright Co., dated July 2019 (49) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with SelectGreen, Ltd., dated August 2019 (50) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of Lockup Agreement (51) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of At the Market Agreement (52) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Sales and Purchase Agreement between the Company and Bitmain (53) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Simeon Salzman (54) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Sales and Purchase Agreement between the Company and Bitmain (55) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Sales and Purchase Agreement between the Company and Bitmain (56) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Form of At the Market Agreement (57) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Sales and Purchase Agreement between the Company and Bitmain (58) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Employment Agreement with Fred Thiel (60) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Intentionally
 omitted 
 
 10.48 
 
 Binding Letter of Intent with Compute North, LLC (62) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated July 30, 2021 (63) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Master Securities Loan Agreement between the Company and NYDIG Funding, LLC, dated August 27, 202 (64). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Compute North Agreements (65) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Line of Credit with Silvergate Bank (65) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Amended Hosting Agreement between the Company and Compute North dated as of November 30, 2021 (67) 
 
 10.54 
 
 Operating Agreement, dated November 30, 2021 of Marathon Compute North 1 LLC(67) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Hosting Agreement between the Company and the LLC dated as of November 30, 2021 (67) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Bitmain Agreement (68) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Employment Agreement (69) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Employment Agreement for Hugh Gallagher (71) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Hardin, MT Amendment Agreements (72) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Silvergate Agreements (73) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Auradine Agreements (74) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Employment Agreement for John Lee (75) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Shareholders Agreement with FSI 
 
 10.64 
 
 Termination Agreement with Silvergate Bank 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (43) 
 
 16.1 
 
 SingerLewak LLP letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission. (44) 
 
 16.2 
 
 Letter from BDO USA, LLP dated November 30, 2017. (45) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum, LLP 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of RBSM, LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 
 
 104 
 
 Inline
 XBRL 

Filed herein . 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 9, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 20, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 19, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (4) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (5) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 9, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference 
 
 (6) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (7) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (8) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 22, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (9) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (10) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (11) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (12) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (13) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 15, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (14) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (15) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 9, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (16) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (17) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (18) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (19) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (20) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (21) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 5, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (22) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (23) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.14 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (24) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (25) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (26) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 2, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

109 

(27) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (28) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 9, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (29) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (30) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (31) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (32) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (33) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (34) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 12, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference 
 
 (35) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19. 2017 and incorporated herein by reference 
 
 (36) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 18, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (37) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed January 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (38) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (39) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (40) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (41) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (42) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 4, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (43) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 14.1 to Annual Report on 10- K filed March 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (44) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 16.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 17, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (45) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 16.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (46) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 16, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (47) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (48) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (49) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (50) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Current report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (51) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to S-1/A filed on July 23, 2020 
 
 (52) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S-3 filed on August 6, 2020 
 
 (53) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K filed on August 18, 2020 
 
 (54) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K filed on October 24, 2020 
 
 (55) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K filed October 29, 2020 

(56) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K filed on December 11, 2020 
 
 (57) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to S-3 filed on December 11, 2020 
 
 (58) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K filed on December 28, 2020 
 
 (59) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to 8-K filed on January 15, 2021 
 
 (60) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 99.1 to 8-K filed on April 30, 2021 
 
 (61) 
 Intentionally
 omitted 
 
 (62) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K filed on May 27, 2021 
 
 (63) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K dated August 4, 2021 
 
 (64) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K dated September 2, 2021 
 
 (65) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to 10-Q dated November 15, 2021 
 
 (66) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to 8-K dated November 18, 2021 and 8-K dated November 24, 2021 
 
 (67) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, to 8-K dated December 6, 2021 
 
 (68) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to 8-K dated December 28, 2021 
 
 (69) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated January 3, 2022 
 
 (70) 
 Previously
 filed as Exhibit 4.12 to Registration Statement filed on Form S-3ASR dated February 11, 2022 
 
 (71) 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 5, 2022 
 
 (72) 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed
on May 6, 2022 

(73) 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed
on August 9, 2023 

(74) 
 Previously filed as Exhibits 4.1 and 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November
14, 2022 
 
 (75) 
 Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed
on November 28, 2022 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

110 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 

MARATHON
 DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Fred Thiel 

Name: 
 Fred
 Thiel 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Executive Chairman 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Hugh Gallagher 

Name: 
 Hugh
 Gallagher 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Fred Thiel 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Fred
 Thiel 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Hugh Gallagher 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Hugh
 Gallagher 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Jay Leupp 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Jay
 Leupp 

/s/
 Georges Antoun 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Georges
 Antoun 

/s/
 Sarita James 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Sarita
 James 

111 

<EX-10.63>
 2
 ex10-63.htm

Exhibit
10.63 

SHAREHOLDERS 
AGREEMENT 

Dated
January , 2023 

between 

FS
INNOVATION LLC 

and 

MARATHON
DIGITAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Clause 
 Page 

1. Definitions
 and Interpretation 
 1 
 
 2. Effective
 Date 
 8 
 
 3. The
 Business of the Group 
 8 
 
 4. Formation
 of the Company 
 8 
 
 5. Funding;
 Conditions Precedent 
 9 
 
 6. Governance
 of the Company 
 10 
 
 7. General
 Meetings 
 12 
 
 8. Management 
 13 
 
 9. Shareholder
 Reserved Matters 
 13 
 
 10. Pre-emption
 Rights 
 14 
 
 11. Transfer
 of Shares 
 14 
 
 12. Accounts
 and Information 
 16 
 
 13. Custody
 of Mining Proceeds and Dividend Policy 
 17 
 
 14. Term
 and Termination Events 
 18 
 
 15. Warranties 
 19 
 
 16. Restrictive
 Covenants 
 19 
 
 17. Announcements 
 22 
 
 18. Confidentiality 
 23 
 
 19. Compliance
 with Laws 
 24 
 
 20. Notices 
 25 
 
 21. General 
 26 
 
 22. Governing
 Law and Dispute Resolution 
 29 

i 

THIS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on day
of January 2023. 

BETWEEN : 

(1) FS
 Innovation LLC, a limited liability company incorporated and registered in the Emirate
 of Abu Dhabi, FSI ); and 

(2) Marathon
 Digital Holdings, Inc. , with its address at 101 NE 3 rd Avenue, Suite 1200,
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301-1147, United States of America Marathon ). 

RECITALS : 

(A) The
 Parties wish to form an Abu Dhabi Global Market ADGM private company
 limited by shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (the Company to conduct the Business (as defined below). 

(B) The
 Parties wish to enter into this Agreement to set out the terms and conditions and each Party s
 respective rights and obligations in connection with the governance and operation of the
 Company. 

IT
IS AGREED as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS
 AND INTERPRETATION 

1.1 Definitions 

In
this Agreement (including the Recitals and the Schedules): 

ADGM 
has the meaning given to it under Recital (A); 

Adjourned
Board Meeting has the meaning given to it in clause 6.2(i); 

Adjourned
General Meeting has the meaning given to it in clause 7.3(b); 

Affiliate 
means any Person that directly, or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control
with, such Person specified; 

Annual
Budget means the annual budget for the Group for the period from 1 January to 31 December; 

Anti-Bribery
Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, orders or other legally binding measures relating to bribery or corruption, including,
but not limited to, relevant provisions of Federal Law No. 31/2021 (the New Penal Code), the UK Bribery Act 2010, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act and any law or convention (including the OECD
Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions) relating to bribery or corruption,
in each case, as amended from time to time; 

1 

Anti-Money
Laundering Laws means applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidance criminalizing or imposing administrative or regulatory
obligations and/or liability in respect of money laundering including, but are not limited to, the UAE Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 on
Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organizations, the UAE Federal Law No. 7 of 2004 on Combating
Terrorism Offences, the U.S. PATRIOT Act of 2001; U.S. Money Laundering Control Act of 1986; the UK Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, the UK
Terrorism Act 2000, any laws of any European Union member state enacted to implement European Union Directive (EU) 2015/849 and any related
or similar laws issued, administered or enforced by any Governmental Authority relating to money laundering and terrorist financing,
including financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, in each case, as amended from time to time; 

Articles 
means the articles of association of the Company (as amended from time to time); 

Board 
means the board of directors of the Company; 

Business has the meaning given to it in clause 3; 

Business
Day means a day on which banks are open for general, commercial business in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and in New York City,
New York (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays); 

Business
Plan means the business plan for the Group from time to time; 

Closing 
means the Shareholders having made their respective Contributions pursuant to clause 5.1; 

Closing
Date means the date falling five (5) Business Days after the last of the Conditions Precedent has been satisfied or waived
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or such other date as may be agreed between the Shareholders; 

Company 
has the meaning given to it under Recital (A); 

Conditions Precedent has the meaning given to it under clause 5.5; 

Confidential Information has the meaning given to it in clause 18.1; 

Contributions has the
meaning given in clause 5.1; 

Control 
means: 

(a) the
 ownership or control (directly or indirectly) of more than 50 of the voting share capital
 of the relevant undertaking; 

(b) the
 ability to direct the casting of more than 50 of the votes exercisable at general meetings
 of the relevant undertaking on all, or substantially all, matters; 

(c) the
 right to appoint or remove directors of the relevant undertaking holding a majority of the
 voting rights at meetings of the board (or equivalent) on all, or substantially all, matters;
 or 

2 

(d) any
 other power or actual ability, whether or not documented or evidenced by any of the abilities
 in paragraphs (a) to (c) (inclusive) of this definition of Control (including through any
 fiduciary arrangement), to exercise a dominant influence over the relevant undertaking; 

Cooling
Container Supplier means the supplier of submersion cooling containers contracted by Marathon or its Affiliates; 

Dealing 
has the meaning given to it in clause 21.1; 

Deed
of Adherence means a deed of adherence to this Agreement in substantially the form set out in Schedule 1; 

Definitive
Agreements has the meaning given to it in clause 5.5(b); 

Digital
Assets means a digital asset such as bitcoin, based on the cryptographic protocol of a computer network that may be (i) centralized
or decentralized; (ii) closed or open-source, and (iii) used as a medium of exchange or store of value; 

Directors 
means the members of the Board, and Director means any of them; 

Encumbrance 
means any lien, pledge, encumbrance, charge (fixed or floating), mortgage, third-party claim, debenture, option, right of pre-emption,
right to acquire, assignment by way of security, trust arrangement for the purpose of providing security or other security interests
of any kind, including retention arrangements or other encumbrances and any agreement to create any of the foregoing; 

Executive
Team means the Chief Executive Officer (or equivalent) of the OpCos from time to time, Chief Financial Officer (or equivalent)
of the OpCos from time to time and Chief Operating Officer (or equivalent) of the OpCos from time to time, and any other C-suite position
which may be required from time to time; 

FSI
Digital Assets means such percentage of the Company s Digital Assets equal to FSI s then current shareholding
percentage in the Company; 

FSI
Director has the meaning given to it in clause 6.2(a)(i); 

FSI
Novation Agreements means the two (2) separate novation agreements between the Mining Equipment Supplier, FSI and an OpCo,
in the agreed form that is to be entered into before the Closing Date in accordance with clause 5.5(b)(ii), whereby FSI novates all of
its rights and obligations under certain equipment purchase agreements on the terms and conditions and as more specifically set out therein; 

General
Meeting means a general meeting of shareholders of the Company; 

3 

Go-Live
Date means, with respect to each OpCo, the date on which any Digital Asset mining facility owned by such OpCo first receives
a supply of electricity; 

Governmental
Authority means any supranational, national, state, municipal or local government (including any subdivision, court, administrative
agency or commission or other authority thereof) or any other supranational, governmental, intergovernmental, quasi-governmental authority,
body, department or organisation, including the European Union, or any regulatory body appointed by any of the foregoing in each case,
in any jurisdiction; 

Group 
means the Company and its subsidiary undertakings from time to time; 

Group Company means any member of the Group; 

Group
Confidential Information means business, technical, financial, operational, administrative, staff management, marketing and
economic information relating to the Group, the identities of customers and all other information of a secret or proprietary nature relating
to the Group; 

Marathon
Digital Assets means such percentage of the Company s Digital Assets equal to Marathon s then current shareholding
percentage in the Company; 

Marathon
Director has the meaning given to it in clause 6.2(a)(ii); 

Marathon
Loan Agreement means a Shareholder Loan Agreement between Marathon and the Company that is to be entered into before the Closing
Date in accordance with clause 5.5(b)(i), whereby Marathon will make a Shareholder Loan to the Company; 

Marathon
Novation Agreements means the two (2) separate novation agreements between the Cooling Container Supplier, Marathon and each
OpCo, in the agreed form that is to be entered into before the Closing Date in accordance with clause 5.5(b)(iii), whereby Marathon novates
all of its rights and obligations under certain equipment purchase agreements on the terms and conditions and as more specifically set
out therein; 

Mining
Equipment Supplier means the supplier of cryptocurrency mining equipment contracted by FSI or its Affiliates; 

Notice 
has the meaning given to it in clause 20.1; 

OpCo 
means any subsidiary undertaking of the Company that operates any part of the Business; 

OpCo
Review Date means, with respect to each OpCo, the fourth (4 th anniversary of such OpCo s Go-Live Date, or,
if the Shareholders agree to continue the business operations of such OpCo for an Additional Period pursuant to paragraph 1(a) of Schedule
1, then the anniversary of each such Additional Period; 

4 

Party 
means a party to this Agreement from time to time (including any Person who executes a Deed of Adherence); 

Permitted
Transfer has the meaning given to it in clause 11.1(c); 

Permitted
Transferee means, in respect of a Shareholder, any one (1) or more of its Affiliates from time to time, except where such
Affiliate is a Sanctions Target; 

Person 
means any individual, firm, company, corporation, joint stock company, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association,
trust, unincorporated organization, Governmental Authority, state or agency of a state, or other entity, works council or employee representative
body (whether or not having separate legal personality); 

Sanctioned
Country means any country or territory that is, or whose government is, the target of economic or trade sanctions under Sanctions
Laws or otherwise designated as a State Sponsor of Terrorism (as defined by the U.S. Department of State), which currently includes the
so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria; 

Sanctions
Laws means any international economic, trade, or financial sanctions statutes, regulations, executive orders, decree,
judicial decision, restrictive measures, or other act having the force of law enacted, adopted, administered, imposed, or enforced
from time to time by the (i) the United States; (ii) the United Nations Security Council; (iii) the European Union; (iv) the United
Kingdom; (v) the EU Council; (vi) the European Parliament; (vii) the European Commission; or (viii) the respective governmental
institutions of any of the foregoing including without limitation, the UAE Supreme Council for National Security, the UAE Cabinet;
the UAE Executive Office for Control and Non-Proliferation, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of Commerce,
the U.S. Department of State, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, the Department for International Trade of the
United Kingdom, the Export Control Joint Unit of the United Kingdom, and any other government or regulatory body, institution or
agency of any country and/or territory with the authority to enact any of the foregoing; 

5 

Sanctions
Target means (a) the government of any Sanctioned Country; (b) to the extent restricted under Sanctions Laws, any individual
or entity that is (or was at the relevant time) resident in, located in, organized under the laws of, or subject to the jurisdiction
of, a Sanctioned Country; or (c) any individual or entity that is designated on any list promulgated, administered, or enforced pursuant
to Sanctions Laws; or (d) any entity that is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by, or any individual or entity acting for or
on behalf of, any of the foregoing or otherwise targeted under any Sanctions Laws; 

Shareholder 
means the shareholders in the Company who are parties to this Agreement (or their successors and assigns), including any person to whom
Shares are transferred in accordance with this Agreement from time to time and Shareholder means any of them; 

Shareholder
Loan means any loan made by a Shareholder to the Company from time to time; 

Shareholder
Loan Agreement means a loan agreement between the Company and a Shareholder substantially in the form attached hereto as Schedule
1; 

Shareholder
Reserved Matter means those actions specified in Schedule 1; 

Shares means ordinary shares of US 1.00
each in the capital of the Company; 

Surviving
Clauses means clauses 1 (but only to the extent necessary to give the Surviving Clauses the same meaning they had prior to
expiry or termination of this Agreement), 16, 17, 18, 20, 21, and 22; 

Termination
Date has the meaning given to it in clause 16.1; 

UAE means the United Arab Emirates; and 

variation 
has the meaning given to it in clause 21.6(a). 

1.2 Interpretation 

In
this Agreement (including the Recitals and the Schedules), except where the context otherwise requires: 

(a) a
 reference to clauses, paragraphs, sub-paragraphs, Schedules and the Recitals are to clauses,
 paragraphs, sub-paragraphs and the Recitals of, and the Schedules to, this Agreement; 

6 

(b) a
 reference to this Agreement (or to any specified provision of this Agreement) is to this
 Agreement (or provision) as in force for the time being, as amended, modified, supplemented,
 varied, assigned or novated, from time to time; 

(c) a
 reference to this Agreement includes the Schedules to it, each of which forms part of this
 Agreement for all purposes; 

(d) a
 reference to writing shall include any mode of reproducing words in a legible form (including
 via email); 

(e) if
 a period of time is specified as from a given day, or from the day of an act or event, it
 shall be calculated exclusive of that day; 

(f) a
 reference to Dirhams or AED is to the lawful currency from time
 to time of the United Arab Emirates; 

(g) a
 reference to Dollars or US is to the lawful currency from time
 to time of the United States of America; 

(h) a
 reference to any law or enactment (including in this clause 1) includes references to: 

(i) that
 law or enactment as re-enacted, amended, consolidated, extended or applied by or under any
 other enactment (before or after the date of this Agreement); 

(ii) any
 law or enactment which that law or enactment re-enacts (with or without modification); and 

(iii) any
 subordinate legislation made (before or after the date of this Agreement) under any law or
 enactment, as re-enacted, amended, consolidated, extended or applied, as described in paragraph
 (i) above, or under any law or enactment referred to in paragraph (ii) above, 

and
 law and enactment includes any legislation in any jurisdiction; 

(i) a
 reference to any English legal term for any action, remedy, method of financial proceedings,
 legal document, legal status, court, official or any legal concept or thing shall in respect
 of any jurisdiction other than England, be deemed to include what most nearly approximates
 in that jurisdiction to the English legal term; 

(j) words
 importing the singular include the plural and vice versa, and words importing a gender include
 every gender; 

(k) headings
 are included in this Agreement for convenience only and do not affect its interpretation; 

(l) a
 reference to applicable law means any law, statute, legislation, regulation,
 court order, case law, injunction, enactment, ordinance, writ, implementing measure, court
 decree, court decision, rule or code, legal or regulatory policy (wheresoever enacted, promulgated
 or enforced) or rule of common law issued, administered
or enforced by any Governmental Authority or securities exchange, or an judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, to the extent
that it applies to the relevant person(s); 

7 

(m) the
 expression in the agreed form means in the form agreed between, and
 initialed for the purposes of identification by, Marathon and FSI prior to Closing; 

(n) any
 reference in this Agreement to a Party providing its consent shall be deemed to be a reference
 to prior written consent; 

(o) unless
 expressly stated to the contrary in this Agreement, any reference to (or requirement for)
 the execution of a document by a person includes execution on behalf of that person; and 

(p) unless
 expressly stated to the contrary of this Agreement, any right, nomination, approval or consent
 of the Shareholders shall be deemed to be the Shareholders acting by a simple majority (by
 number of Shares). 

2. EFFECTIVE
 DATE 

The
provisions of this Agreement shall become effective on the date hereof (the Effective Date ). 

3. THE
 BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 

The
Parties agree, and each of the Shareholders shall procure, that the business of the Group shall be to (a) establish and operate one or
more Digital Asset mining facilities; and (b) mine Digital Assets (collectively, the Business ). Each Shareholder
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promote and develop the Business to the best advantage of the Group as a whole and in
accordance with the Business Plan and the Annual Budget from time to time but for the avoidance of doubt excluding any obligation to
incur material expenditure save as expressly provided under the terms of this Agreement. 

4. FORMATION
 OF THE COMPANY 

4.1 As
 soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement and in any case prior to
 the Closing Date, the Parties shall establish the Company as follows: 

(a) as
 an ADGM private company limited by shares under the ADGM s special purpose vehicle
 regime; 

(b) all
 of the Shares shall be ordinary shares and rank equally in all respects, including without
 limitation with respect to voting and dividends; 

(c) with
 FSI and Marathon as original incorporators of the Company, holding the following share capital
 upon the Company s formation: 

(i) 80
 Shares held by FSI, representing eighty per cent. (80 of the entire issued share capital
 of the Company; and 

8 

(ii) 20
 Shares held by Marathon, representing twenty per cent. (20 of the entire issued share capital
 of the Company, 

with
each Shareholder paying up its issued share capital by contributing to the Company US 1.00 in exchange for each Share issued; and 

(d) have
 the Company s registered office in the ADGM, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. 

4.2 The
 Parties intend for the Company to be called FSI Marathon Project 1 Holding Limited 
 (or such similar name as agreed between the Parties, subject to the name being available
 at the time of establishment of the Company). 

4.3 Each
 Party shall share (in proportion to its respective shareholding in the Company upon its formation)
 in the costs, fees and expenses required to incorporate the Company, any regulatory filings
 and any other similar start-up costs and expenses required to effect the purpose of this
 Agreement, the Business and the Company before Closing. 

5. FUNDING;
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

5.1 On
 the Closing Date, the Shareholders shall make the following contributions to the Company
 (the Contributions ): 

(a) FSI
 will contribute the value of the pre-payment made to the Mining Equipment Supplier for the
 purchase of cryptocurrency mining equipment on behalf of and for the account of the Company
 by way of in-kind contribution under the FSI Novation Agreements in accordance with the valuation
 principles set out in clause 5.4. 

(b) Marathon
 will contribute: 

(i) the
 value of the pre-payment made to the Cooling Container Supplier for the purchase of 335 immersion
 cooling containers on behalf of and for the account of the Company by way of in-kind contribution
 under the Marathon Novation Agreements in accordance with the valuation principles set out
 in clause 5.4; and 

(ii) an
 amount (to be agreed between the Shareholders) in cash under the Marathon Loan Agreement. 

5.2 Promptly
 after the Closing Date and in any case: 

(a) as
 and when the payment obligations arise, the Shareholders shall procure that the Company has
 sufficient funds to pay the balance of any payment due to the Mining Equipment Supplier and
 the Cooling Container Supplier (including by providing the Company with such additional funding
 as is required pro rata to their shareholding); 

5.3 Where
 the Company agrees to accept an in-kind contribution from a Shareholder, such in-kind contribution
 shall be made by the relevant Shareholder to the Company pursuant to a written agreement
 that is mutually agreeable to each of them. The Parties further agree that all in-kind contributions
 made to the Company shall be valued in a manner that is mutually agreeable to the Shareholders.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that the value of the pre-payment contributed
 to the Company pursuant to the FSI Novation Agreements and the Marathon Novation Agreements
 shall be equal to the price actually paid by the Shareholder making such contribution thereunder
 (in each case, as evidenced by an invoice provided by the contributing Shareholder to the
 Company (either in English or accompanied by an English translation)) without any additional
 charge or mark-up. 

5.4 The
 Parties obligations to proceed with Closing shall be subject to the conditions set
 forth in this clause 5.5 Conditions Precedent ), provided that the Parties
 may mutually agree in writing to waive one or more of the Conditions Precedent: 

(a) the
 Company having: 

(i) been
 incorporated pursuant to clause 3; and 

(ii) become
 a party to this Agreement by way of executing a deed of adherence in the agreed form and
 assumed all rights and obligations of the Company set out in this Agreement; 

9 

(b) execution
 and delivery by all relevant parties thereto of: 

(i) the Marathon Loan Agreement; 

(ii)
the FSI Novation Agreements; 

(iii)
the Marathon Novation Agreements; and 

(collectively,
the Definitive Agreements ); 

and 

(c) nothing
 having occurred which would render (or have the effect of rendering) any of the warranties
 contained in clause 15 invalid or untrue. 

5.5 If
 Closing has not occurred within three months of the Effective Date (or such longer period
 as the Parties may agree in writing) any Party may, in its sole discretion, terminate this
 Agreement and require the winding up of the Company. In such circumstances, the Parties shall
 do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
 shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents,
 as required to fully and efficiently effect the winding up of the Company, including the
 repayment of any contributions made (whether in cash or in-kind) to the Company. 

6. GOVERNANCE
 OF THE COMPANY 

6.1 Business
 and affairs of the Company 

The
business and affairs of the Company shall be managed by the Board on and subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Articles. 

6.2 Board 

Composition
and nomination 

(a) The
 Board shall be comprised of: 

(i) four
 (4) Directors appointed by FSI (the FSI Directors ); and 

(ii) one
 (1) Director appointed by Marathon (the Marathon Director ); 

If
at any time a Party holds less than fifteen per cent. (15 of the Shares of the Company, then such Party shall lose its entitlement
to appoint Directors under this clause and the size of the Board shall be reduced by the same amount as such Party s previous entitlement
to appoint Directors. 

(b) The
 Shareholders who have a right to nominate a Director under clause 6.2(a) also have the right
 to (i) nominate such person for removal by the General Meeting,
and (ii) nominate a replacement Director in the place of any Director who is removed or who ceases to be a Director for any reason. 

10 

(c) The
 Shareholders unconditionally and irrevocably undertake to vote in the General Meeting in
 favour of any binding (i) nomination by a Shareholder to appoint a Director (or the chairman
 of the Board), or (ii) request by a Shareholder to remove a Director in accordance with clause
 6.2(b). 

Chairman 

(d) The
 chairman of the Board shall be appointed by a General Meeting upon a binding nomination from
 the Shareholders and shall be one of the FSI Directors. The chairman shall not have a casting
 vote. 

Procedure
for Board meetings 

(e) Unless
 the Shareholders agree otherwise in writing, meetings of the Board shall be held (i) in the
 United Arab Emirates, and (ii) at least once every quarter. 

(f) Unless
 the Directors agree otherwise in writing, at least five (5) calendar days prior written
 notice is required to be given to each Director of meetings of the Board. 

(g) Each
 Director shall have one (1) vote and, subject to the other terms of this Agreement (including
 clauses 6.2(d)), the Board shall adopt resolutions by a simple majority of votes validly
 cast. 

(h) Subject
 to clause 6.2(i), the quorum for the transaction of business at meetings of the Board shall
 be three (3) Directors provided that at least one (1) FSI Director and the Marathon Director
 are present throughout the meeting. 

(i) If
 a quorum for a meeting of the Board is not present within one (1) hour of the scheduled time
 for a meeting of the Board (or ceases to exist during the course of a meeting of the Board),
 the meeting shall be adjourned to the same day, time and venue in the next week (an Adjourned
 Board Meeting ). If a meeting of the Board has been adjourned twice due to the
 Marathon Director failing to attend, the required quorum at the second Adjourned Board Meeting
 shall be any three (3) Directors. 

(j) Subject
 to applicable laws and the terms of this Agreement and the Articles, the Board may exercise
 all the powers of the Company. 

Alternate
Directors 

(k) Any
 Director may by notice in writing to the Company and all of the Shareholders appoint as an
 alternate any other person to exercise that Director s powers and carry out that Director s
 responsibilities, including the relevant Director s right to attend and vote at any
 meeting of the Board. 

11 

6.3 Board
 meetings 

Except
as expressly set out in this Agreement, meetings of the Board shall take place in accordance with the Articles. 

6.4 Corporate
 action 

Each
of the Shareholders shall exercise their voting rights as shareholders of the Company to procure (so far as it is within its respective
powers to do so): 

(a) that
 the Company shall take all reasonably necessary steps to comply with the terms of this Agreement
 and the Articles; and 

(b) the
 passing of any reasonably necessary resolutions at General Meetings or by shareholder written
 resolutions to give effect to the terms of this Agreement (including in relation to the composition
 of the Board and the appointment and removal of Directors). 

6.5 Articles 

In
the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Articles (or the constitutional documents of any other
Group Company), the provisions of this Agreement shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, prevail as between the Parties. The
Parties shall, so far as they are legally able: 

(a) exercise
 all voting and other rights and powers available to them to give effect to the provisions
 of this Agreement; and 

(b) procure
 that any amendment required to (i) give effect to the provisions of this Agreement is made
 to the Articles (or the constitutional documents of any other Group Company), or (ii) correct
 any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Articles. 

6.6 Subject
 to clause 18, each Director shall be entitled to report to its appointing Shareholder on
 all aspects of the affairs of the Group. 

6.7 Boards
 of other Group Companies 

6.8 The
 provisions of this clause 6 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the board of directors
 of any other Group Company. 

7. GENERAL
 MEETINGS 

7.1 General
 Meetings 

Except
as expressly set out in this Agreement, General Meetings of the Company shall take place in accordance with the Articles. The chairman
(of the Board) shall preside as chairman at every General Meeting. The chairman shall not have any voting power other than to the extent
that he derives an entitlement to vote by being the duly authorized representative of FSI. In the absence of the chairman, another nominated
FSI Director shall preside over the General Meeting. 

12 

7.2 Convening
 General Meetings 

The
Company and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Shareholders, shall be entitled to convene a General Meeting of the Company,
in accordance with the Articles. 

7.3 Quorum
 for General Meetings 

(a) Subject
 to clause 7.3(b), the quorum for General Meetings shall be Shareholders representing a majority
 (by number) of the Shares, provided that at least one (1) representative from FSI and one
 (1) representative from Marathon is present throughout the meeting. 

(b) If
 a quorum for a General Meeting is not present (i) within one (1) hour of the scheduled time
 for a General Meeting, or (ii) ceases to exist during the course of a General Meeting, the
 General Meeting shall be adjourned to the same day, time and venue in the next week (an Adjourned
 General Meeting ). If a General Meeting has been adjourned twice due to no representative
 from Marathon being present at the meeting, the required quorum at the second Adjourned General
 Meeting shall be Shareholders representing a majority (by number) of the Shares. 

7.4 General
 Meeting voting 

(a) Subject
 to applicable law and clause 9, resolutions of Shareholders shall be passed upon the approval
 of a majority of the Shares then issued and outstanding. 

(b) Each
 Shareholder holding Shares with voting rights shall be entitled to one (1) vote per Share
 that such Shareholder holds. 

7.5 Written
 resolutions 

Shareholders
may pass resolutions by written resolutions provided that such written resolution is delivered to all Shareholders entitled to vote on
the resolution and signed by the requisite majority of Shareholders as if a General Meeting had been held. 

8. MANAGEMENT 

8.1 Subject
 to the terms of this Agreement (including clauses 6 and 9), the day-to-day management of
 the business of the Group shall be carried on by the Executive Team and the other employees
 of the Group. 

8.2 Members
 of the Executive Team shall be nominated by the Board and approved and appointed in accordance
 with clause 9 and Schedule 1. 

9. SHAREHOLDER
 RESERVED MATTERS 

9.1 Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Shareholder Reserved Matter shall be taken
 by, or in relation to, any Group Company without the prior written consent of all of the
 Shareholders. 

13 

9.2 Consent
 for Shareholder Reserved Matters: 

(a) may
 be given by the requisite Shareholders (i) at a General Meeting if the requisite Shareholders
 vote in favour of the relevant Shareholder Reserved Matter, (ii) by a written resolution
 under clause 7.5 passed by the requisite Shareholders in relation to the relevant Shareholder
 Reserved Matter, or (iii) by a written notice to the Company signed by the requisite Shareholders
 approving the relevant Shareholder Reserved Matter; and 

(b) shall
 be deemed to be given if the relevant Shareholder Reserved Matter is approved by the Board
 where the Directors appointed by the requisite Shareholders vote in favour of the relevant
 Shareholder Reserved Matter. 

10. PRE-EMPTION
 RIGHTS 

If
the Company proposes to issue any new Shares or instruments convertible into, or giving rights to subscribe for, Shares (the Offered
Shares ), the Offered Shares shall not be allotted to any Person unless the Company has first offered them to the Shareholders
on the same terms, and at the same price, as the Offered Shares are proposed to be offered to other Persons on a pari passu and
pro rata basis to the number of issued and outstanding Shares held by the Shareholders. The offer shall be in writing and shall be open
for acceptance for a period of twenty (20) Business Days from the date of the offer Participation Notice Period and shall give details of the number and price of the relevant Shares. Each Shareholder wishing to acquire the Offered Shares shall notify
the Company in writing within the Participation Notice Period and shall also be entitled to indicate in its notice whether it would be
willing to acquire Offered Shares in excess of its pro rata allocation (and, if so, provide the maximum number it would be willing
to acquire). If some, but not all, of the Shareholders give written notice of their wish the acquire all of Offered Shares, the Offered
Shares not acquired by the Shareholders shall be offered to those Shareholders who have expressed a willingness to acquire Offered Shares
in excess of their pro rata allocation. If any Offered Shares remain unallocated following such process, such Offered Shares may
be issued to any Person (other than a Restricted Person), as determined by the Board, on terms (including with respect to price) that
are no more favourable to such Person than those offered to the Shareholders, provided that such issuance must be completed no more than
fifteen (15) Business Days following the end of the Participation Notice Period. 

11. TRANSFER
 OF SHARES 

11.1 General 

(a) A
 Shareholder may not transfer or otherwise dispose of or create any Encumbrance over any of
 its Shares or any interest in any of its Shares unless such transfer, disposal or Encumbrance
 is made in accordance with this Agreement. 

(b) Except
 as expressly permitted by clauses 11.1(c) or 21.1, the restrictions on transfer contained
 in this clause 11.1 shall apply to all transfers operating by applicable laws or otherwise. 

14 

(c) Subject
 to the entry into a Deed of Adherence pursuant to clause 11.2, a Shareholder may make a transfer
 (or agree to a transfer) of any Shares at any time
after the Effective Date to a Permitted Transferee (a Permitted Transfer provided that: (i) the aggregate number
of Affiliates holding (together with the relevant Shareholder) Shares does not at any time exceed three (3); (ii) such transfer does
not impact the validity of, or the Group s ability to benefit from any tariff that has been agreed with respect to the Business;
and (iii) if a Shareholder holding Shares transferred to it under this clause 11.1(c) is about to cease to be an Affiliate of the original
transferee, it shall without delay and prior to it so ceasing to be an Affiliate notify the Company and the other Shareholders that such
event will occur and shall transfer those Shares to the original Shareholder or a Permitted Transferee of the original Shareholder. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if: (i) a Shareholder transfers some but not all of its Shares to one or more Permitted Transferees, then such Shareholder
hereby agrees to remain jointly and severally liable for such Permitted Transferees obligations under this Agreement; (ii) a Shareholder
wishes to transfer all of its Shares to one or more Permitted Transferees, it shall only be permitted to do so if, at the request of
the other Shareholder, Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. (in the case of a transfer by Marathon) or FS Innovation LLC (in the case of a
transfer by FSI), executes and delivers a parent company guarantee in a form mutually agreed between FSI and Marathon, whereby Marathon
Digital Holdings, Inc. or FS Innovation LLC (as applicable), guarantees the obligations of such Permitted Transferees under this Agreement. 

(d) No
 Shares may be transferred to any Restricted Person without the prior written consent of all
 other Shareholders. 

(e) Clauses
 11.1(d), paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 and paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 shall not apply in respect
 of a Permitted Transfer. 

11.2 Deed
 of Adherence 

(a) It
 shall be a condition of any transfer of Shares or any new allotment of Shares that the transferee
 or new allottee, if not already a party to this Agreement, must become party in writing to
 this Agreement by executing a Deed of Adherence, with the duties which, in the case of a
 transfer, correspond to those of its respective legal predecessor and the rights attaching
 to the Shares so acquired. 

(b) The
 Parties hereby agree that any person being allotted Shares or being transferred Shares and,
 as required pursuant to this Agreement, executing a Deed of Adherence pursuant to clause
 11.2(a), shall become a party to this Agreement and be bound by all the terms and conditions
 and enjoy all the rights and privileges set forth herein as attaching to such Shares, provided
 that: (i) no transferee shall acquire a right to appoint a Director unless it acquires all
 the Shares held by the Shareholder that has such a right under this Agreement; and (ii)
such allotment or transfer does not breach any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

15 

11.3 Registration
 of Transfers 

(a) Each
 Shareholder shall procure that the Company shall register any transfer made in accordance
 with the provisions of this Agreement and not register any transfer not made in accordance
 with the provisions of this Agreement. 

(b) A
 person executing an instrument of transfer of a Share is deemed to remain the holder of the
 Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the register of members of the Company
 in respect of it. 
 
 (c) Upon
 registration of a transfer of Shares, and provided the provisions of this clause 11.3 shall
 have been complied with, a Shareholder s benefit of the continuing rights attaching
 to such Shares under this Agreement shall attach to the transferee who may enforce them as
 if it had been a party to this Agreement and named in it as a Shareholder. 

12. ACCOUNTS
 AND INFORMATION 

12.1 Draft
 Annual Budget and Business Plan 

The
Executive Team shall prepare a draft Annual Budget and Business Plan for each financial year for approval by the Shareholders in accordance
with clause 9 and Schedule 1 not less than forty (40) Business Days prior to the start of the relevant financial year (save for the first
financial year commencing after the date of this Agreement where the agreed form Annual Budget and agreed form Business Plan shall be
adopted with effect from Closing. If, at any time, the Executive Team fails to prepare or the Shareholders fail to approve the Annual
Budget and/or Business Plan for the following financial year, the Company shall, so far as it is legally able, procure that (and the
Shareholders shall, so far as they are legally able, exercise their rights in relation to the Company to procure that), the Company continues
to adopt and comply with the Annual Budget and Business Plan for the preceding financial year (subject to an annual uplift of ten per
cent. (10 )) until such time as a new Annual Budget and Business Plan is prepared by the Executive Team and approved in full by the Shareholders
in accordance with clause 9 and Schedule 1. 

12.2 Maintenance
 of information and records 

Each
of the Shareholders shall procure that the Company maintains information and records, and provides to each Shareholder such information
and access to information, premises and personnel, as is required under the provisions of this clause 12. 

12.3 Financial
 accounts, Annual Budget and Business Plan 

The
Company shall provide to the Shareholders the financial information necessary to keep it properly informed about the business and affairs
of the Group, including: 

(a) within
 ten (10) Business Days after the end of each month, monthly management accounts for the Group; 

(b) within
 forty (40) Business Days after the end of each financial quarter, consolidated unaudited
 quarterly financial accounts for the Group; 

16 

(c) within
 four (4) months after the end of each financial year, audited consolidated accounts for the
 Group prepared in accordance with IFRS; and 

(d) within
 two (2) Business Days of a distribution having been made to the Shareholders in accordance
 with clause 13, a written report showing a summary of the distributions made. 

12.4 Access
 to information for regulatory purposes 

(a) If
 reasonably requested by any Shareholder, a Shareholder shall be entitled to be supplied with
 such information relating to the Group as it reasonably requires from time to time: 

(i) in
 connection with the preparation and filing of tax returns or other filings or correspondence
 with a tax Governmental Authority of that Shareholder (or any of its Affiliates); or 

(ii) to
 enable compliance by that Shareholder (or any of its Affiliates) with any applicable laws, 

and
 the Company shall comply with such request as soon as practicable. 

(b) The
 Company shall allow each Shareholder and its respective employees and advisers reasonable
 access on reasonable notice to examine the books and records of the Group and each Shareholder
 shall be entitled to discuss the Company s affairs with its directors and senior management,
 in each case during normal business hours. 

13. CUSTODY
 OF MINING PROCEEDS AND DIVIDEND POLICY 

13.1 The
 Company and the Shareholders shall procure that, immediately upon being mined, 

(a)
the FSI Digital Assets are deposited with a custodian nominated by FSI in its sole discretion; (b) the Marathon Digital Assets are deposited
with a custodian nominated by Marathon in its sole discretion (together, the Custody Accounts ). Each Custody Account
shall be in the name of the Company and the Digital Assets contained within such Custody Accounts shall be the sole property of the Company
until such time as it is transferred by the Company to the Shareholders as a dividend or otherwise distributed to them pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement. Only the relevant Shareholder shall be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions of Digital Assets
from their respective Custody Accounts. 

13.2 The
 Shareholders intend to cause the Board to declare and the Company to distribute proceeds
 of Digital Assets in-kind to each of the Shareholders on the 15 th and last day
 of each month in any given financial year of the Company (provided that, if such day falls
 on a day other than a Business Day, the distribution shall be made on the Business Day immediately
 preceding such day). 

13.3 Digital
 Assets allocated pursuant to clause 12.1 or distributed pursuant to clause 13.2 shall be
 allocated or distributed to the Shareholders pro rata to their respective shareholding
 in the Company, provided that if such allocation or distribution would result in a fraction
 of a Digital Asset, the number of Digital Assets to be allocated or distributed shall be
 rounded up or down (as applicable) to the nearest whole number. 

17 

13.4 The
 auditors of the Company shall be instructed at the expense of the Company to report, at the
 same time as they sign their report on the audited accounts for each financial year of the
 Company, as to the amount of the profits that are lawfully available for distribution by
 the Company for that financial year of the Company that have not already been distributed
 pursuant to clause 13.2. Subject to clause 13.5, the Company shall as soon as reasonably
 practicable distribute to the Parties not less than 100 of those distributable profits,
 subject to maintaining such reserves as required by applicable law. Upon the Board or Company
 declaring and announcing to the Shareholders a dividend by the Company, each Shareholder
 shall have ten (10) Business Days from the date of such announcement to elect (by notice
 in writing to the Company) whether it wishes to receive such dividend in-kind (by payment
 of Digital Assets) or in cash. The Board shall cause the Company to pay dividends in the
 manner elected by the Shareholders pursuant to this clause 13.4. 

13.5 The
 Shareholders agree that the Company shall not declare, pay or make any dividend or other
 distribution until all Shareholder Loans have been repaid in full. Shareholder Loans shall
 be repaid by the Company (a) pro rata to each Shareholder s shareholding in
 the Company; and (b) in-kind with Digital Assets, unless the relevant Shareholder notifies
 the Company that its Shareholder Loan is to be repaid in cash, in which case such Shareholder
 Loan shall be repaid by the Company in cash. 

13.6 Any
 Digital Assets paid or transferred by the Company to the Shareholders shall be valued by
 reference to the US or AED amount displayed by the Digital Asset wallet used to store the
 relevant Digital Assets upon payment or transfer of such Digital Assets to the relevant Shareholder. 

14. TERM
 AND TERMINATION EVENTS 

14.1 This
 Agreement shall automatically terminate on the first to occur of the following: 

(a) the
 Shareholders agree in writing to terminate this Agreement; 

(b) the
 Company being liquidated, wound up, amalgamated, merged, combined with another entity or
 otherwise ceasing for whatever reason to exist (including pursuant to paragraph 1(a) of Schedule
 1), provided that the Shareholders will co-operate to procure the proper and orderly winding-up
 of the Company; and 

(c) the
 date on which any one Shareholder (and / or its Affiliates) becomes the registered holder
 of all of the Shares. 

14.2 The
 provisions of this Agreement (other than the Surviving Clauses) shall cease to apply to a
 Shareholder in the event that it ceases to hold any Shares. 

14.3 The
 termination of this Agreement under clause 14.1 or the cessation of this Agreement applying
 to a Party under clause 14.2 (as applicable): 

(a) shall
 be without prejudice to any rights or obligations which shall have accrued or become due
 prior to the date of termination or cessation (as applicable); and 

18 

(b) shall
 not affect the Surviving Clauses that shall continue to have effect without limit in time. 

15. WARRANTIES 

15.1 Each
 Shareholder warrants to the other Shareholder that: 

(a) it
 is duly organised and validly existing under the applicable laws of its jurisdiction of formation; 

(b) it
 has the power to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each of
 the other documents referred to in this Agreement to which it is a party; 

(c) this
 Agreement constitutes binding obligations of such Shareholder; 

(d) it
 has all necessary consents, licences and approvals in connection with the entry into and
 performance of its obligations under this Agreement and any agreement referred to herein
 to which it is a party; 

(e) no
 insolvency or similar proceedings concerning it or any of its assets have been applied for
 and no circumstances exist which could reasonably be expected to require the application
 for any insolvency, judicial composition or similar proceedings; 

(f) neither
 it, nor its Affiliates, nor any of its or their respective directors, officers, employees,
 or, to the Shareholder s knowledge, any of its or their respective representatives,
 advisers, subcontractors, or agents, is a Sanctions Target; and 

(g) compliance
 with the terms of this Agreement does not and will not conflict with or constitute a default
 or a breach under any provision of: 

(i) such
 Shareholder s memorandum or articles of association or equivalent constitutional documents; 

(ii) any
 order, judgment, decree or regulation or any other restriction of any kind by which such
 Shareholder is bound or submits; or 

(iii) any
 agreement, instrument or contract to which such Shareholder is a party or by which it is
 bound. 

15.2 Each
 Shareholder undertakes to use reasonable endeavours to promptly notify the other Shareholders
 in writing of any circumstance or occurrence that renders (or has the effect of rendering)
 any of the warranties contained in this clause 15 invalid or untrue. 

16. RESTRICTIVE
 COVENANTS 

16.1 Marathon
 hereby covenants that, for so long as it or any of its Affiliates hold Shares in the Company,
 and for a period of five (5) years from the date it and its Affiliates cease to be Shareholders
 of the Company (the Termination Date and subject to clause 16.6, neither
 Marathon nor any of its Affiliates nor any of their respective officers or directors (whether
 directly, indirectly or through an agent) shall: 

(a) be
 concerned in any business which is (a) a competitor with the Business or the business of
 any FSI Restricted Entity, in each case as they are conducted as at the Relevant Time; and
 (b) located in the United Arab Emirates; or 

19 

(b) induce
 or attempt to induce any Person who it (or any of its Affiliates) know is a customer of the
 Company, any OpCo or any FSI Restricted Entity to cease to do business with, or to restrict
 or vary the terms of business to, any of them; or 

(c) induce
 or attempt to induce any Person who it (or any of its Affiliates) know is a supplier of the
 Company, any OpCo or any FSI Restricted Entity to cease to supply, or to materially restrict
 or vary the terms of supply to, any of them; or 

(d) make
 use of any information of a secret or confidential nature in the United Arab Emirates relating
 to the Business or the affairs of the Group or any FSI s Affiliates, except that this
 restriction shall not apply where: 

(i) required
 by any applicable law, the rules of any securities exchange on which securities of Marathon
 or any of its Affiliates are listed or any court of competent jurisdiction or any competent
 judicial, governmental, supervisory or regulatory body; or 

(ii) such
 information is already in the public domain or comes into the public domain other than through
 breach of clause 18 or this clause 16.1(d); or 

(iii) such
 information was already in the lawful possession of Marathon or any of its Affiliates prior
 to it being acquired by a Group Company or any FSI Restricted Entity, or is derived from
 confidential information of Marathon or any of its Affiliates; or 

(e) induce,
 or attempt to induce any person who it (or any of its Affiliates) know is an employee of
 the Company, any OpCo or any FSI Restricted Entity to leave the employment of the Company,
 any OpCo or any FSI Restricted Entity (as applicable), 

and,
for the purposes of this clause 16: 

FSI
Restricted Entity means FSI and any Person which is Controlled by FSI and which operates in the cryptocurrency sector; 

Marathon
Business means cryptocurrency mining and development of related software, hardware and firmware; and 

Relevant
Time means (i) while Marathon and/or its Affiliates is a Shareholder, throughout the time that Marathon and/or any of its
Affiliates is a Shareholder; and (ii) after Marathon and its Affiliates cease to be Shareholders, the Termination Date. 

20 

16.2 
 Each
 Shareholder hereby covenants that, for so long as it or any of its Affiliates holds Shares in the Company, and for an unlimited period
 from the date it and its Affiliates cease to be Shareholders of the Company, neither it nor its Affiliates (with respect to Marathon,
 but in the case of FSI, any entity Controlled by FSI) nor any of their respective officers or directors (whether directly, indirectly
 or through an agent) shall do or say anything which is harmful to the reputation of any other Shareholder (or any of its known Affiliates),
 the Company or any OpCo or which could reasonably be expected to lead a person to cease to deal with such Shareholder (or any of
 its known Affiliates), the Company or OpCo on substantially equivalent terms to those previously offered or at all. For the purposes
 of clauses 16.1(a) and 1.1, a Person is concerned in a business if, without limitation, any of them carry it on as principal or agent
 or if: 

(a) they
 are a partner, director, employee, secondee, consultant or agent in, of or to any person
 who carries on the business or who has a direct or indirect financial interest or voting
 power (as shareholder or otherwise) in any person who carries on the business; or 

(b) they
 have any direct or indirect financial interest or voting power (as shareholder or otherwise)
 in any person who carries on the business, 

save,
in each case, where such interest is as a shareholder holding not more than five per cent. (5 of the issued share capital (or equivalent)
of a person which is dealt with in or on any recognised investment exchange or as a limited partner in any fund which is not directly
or indirectly managed by such person or any of its Affiliates. 

16.4 Each
 of the restrictions in each clause above shall be enforceable independently and its validity
 shall not be affected if any of the others are invalid. If any of the restrictions are void
 but would be valid if some part of the restriction were deleted, the restriction in question
 shall apply with such modification as may be necessary to make it valid. 

16.5 Nothing
 in this clause 16 shall restrict Marathon or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective
 officers or directors (whether directly, indirectly or through an agent) from (a) operating
 and freely conducting its business outside of the United Arab Emirates; and (b) conducting
 business or entering into any agreements or arrangements with any customers, suppliers or
 employees which were customers, suppliers or employees of it prior to them becoming customers,
 suppliers or employees of the Company, any OpCo or any FSI Restricted Entity. 

21 

16.6 Each
 Shareholder acknowledges that the provisions of this clause 16 are no more extensive than
 is reasonable to protect the relevant Party, and further (having taken independent legal
 advice), acknowledges and accepts that, it shall not challenge the validity of any undertakings
 contained in this clause 16 and irrevocably waives its right to challenge the enforceability
 or legality of any such undertakings in each case on the basis that the undertakings are
 unreasonable or in contravention of public policy as a result of the time period for which
 such undertaking applies or the scope (geographic or otherwise) of such undertaking. 

17. ANNOUNCEMENTS 

17.1 No
 public announcement concerning the existence or subject matter of this Agreement shall be
 made by any Party or its Affiliates without the prior written approval of the other Parties
 (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

17.2 A
 Party may make an announcement concerning the existence or the subject matter of this Agreement
 if required by: 

(a) any
 applicable law; 

(b) the
 rules of any securities exchange on which securities of that Party or any of its Affiliates
 are listed; or 

(c) any
 Governmental Authority to which that Party is subject or submits, wherever situated, 

provided
that it shall to the extent permitted by applicable law have first: (i) given notice to the other Parties of its intention to make such
an announcement and (ii) agreed on the contents of such announcement with the other Parties before making such announcement. 

17.3 In
 addition to the foregoing, Marathon will, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(a) (i)
 as soon as possible notify FSI of any intention to issue a press release, public filing (including
 any current report on Form 8-K), public announcement or other communication with any news
 media relating to this Agreement, any of the Definitive Agreements or the transactions and
 documents contemplated hereby and any amendments thereof (collectively, the Disclosure
 Documents ); 

(b) provide
 drafts of any Disclosure Documents to FSI promptly after the notification. FSI shall have
 no obligation to sign any of the Definitive Agreements or any documents contemplated hereby
 and any amendments thereof or of this Agreement if the Parties are not able to agree on the
 contents of the Disclosure Documents; and 

(c) if
 the Disclosure Documents are related to any of this Agreement, any Definitive Agreements
 or any documents contemplated hereby and any amendments hereof that has already been signed,
 Marathon will use reasonable, good faith efforts to incorporate any comments provided by
 FSI to any such Disclosure Documents, 

provided
that where a Disclosure Document has been approved by FSI in accordance with this clause 17.3, Marathon shall not be required to seek
any additional approval(s) with respect to any future Disclosure Document with identical language (other than changing verb tenses as
the context requires). 

22 

18. CONFIDENTIALITY 

18.1 For
 the purposes of this clause 18, Confidential Information means all information
 of a confidential nature disclosed by whatever means by one Party and/or its Affiliates (the
 Disclosing Party to any other Party and/or its Affiliates (the Receiving
 Party and includes such information disclosed by or to any Group Company and
 includes the Group Confidential Information and the provisions and subject matter of this
 Agreement. 

18.2 Each
 Shareholder undertakes to keep, and shall procure that each of its Affiliates (if applicable),
 and each Director appointed by it under clause 6.2 shall keep, the Confidential Information
 confidential and not disclose it to any Person, other than as permitted under this clause
 18. 

18.3 Clause
 18.2 shall not apply to the disclosure of Confidential Information if and to the extent: 

(a) required
 by any law over the affairs of the Receiving Party or any Group Company; 

(b) required
 by the rules of any securities exchange on which securities of the Receiving Party or any
 of its Affiliates are listed; 

(c) required
 by any court of competent jurisdiction or any competent judicial, governmental, supervisory
 or regulatory body; or 

(a) that
 such information is in the public domain or comes into the public domain other than through
 breach of this clause 18; or 

(b) that
 such information was already in the lawful possession of the Receiving Party without any
 obligation of confidentiality (as evidenced by written records), 

provided
that in the case of clauses 18.3(a), 18.3(b) and 18.3(c) above, the Receiving Party, will, to the extent reasonably practicable and permitted
by such law or body, promptly notify the Disclosing Party or the relevant Group Company (as appropriate) and co-operate with the Disclosing
Party or the relevant Group Company (as appropriate) regarding the timing and content of such disclosure and any action which the Disclosing
Party or the relevant Group Company (as appropriate) may reasonably wish to take to challenge the validity of such requirement. 

18.4 A
 Receiving Party may only disclose Confidential Information to its Affiliates and their respective
 employees, advisers and lenders, in each case who reasonably need to know, provided each
 such recipient is under confidentiality obligations that are no less stringent than those
 set out under this Agreement. 

23 

18.5 A
 Shareholder may disclose Confidential Information relating to the Group (but not the other
 Shareholder) to a bona fide potential purchaser to whom it is or may, subject to compliance
 with the transfer provisions in this Agreement, become entitled to sell its Shares in the
 Company in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, provided that before any Confidential
 Information is disclosed, the potential purchaser shall have entered into appropriate confidentiality
 undertakings in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Board, including to a majority of the
 Directors appointed by the Shareholders other than the selling Shareholder. 

18.6 This
 clause 18 shall continue to bind the Parties notwithstanding termination or expiry of this
 Agreement or transfer of a Party s Shares. 

19. COMPLIANCE
 WITH LAWS 

19.1 Each
 Shareholder undertakes to, and procures that each of its Affiliates shall, at all times comply
 with all relevant provisions of applicable Anti-Bribery Laws, Anti- Money Laundering Laws
 and Sanctions Laws. 

19.2 Each
 Party hereby acknowledges that it is aware, and that it will procure that each of the persons
 to whom it is entitled to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to clause 18.4 is aware,
 that the United States securities laws and other laws prohibit any person who has material,
 non-public information concerning an entity from purchasing or selling securities of that
 entity or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in
 which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities.
 Marathon hereby advises the other Parties, and the other Parties hereby acknowledge, that
 Confidential Information may contain material non-public information relating to Marathon
 and its Affiliates, customers and vendors. Without limiting the foregoing, each Party hereby
 agrees that it shall use the Confidential Information in accordance with all applicable laws. 

19.3 Marathon
 hereby agrees that, to the extent that it intends to distribute information relating to Marathon
 or any of its Affiliates to the other Shareholders or discuss information at a meeting of
 the Board or the Shareholders and Marathon knows that such information constitutes material
 non-public information about Marathon, then Marathon will use commercially reasonable efforts
 to notify the other Shareholders that such information constitutes material non-public information
 and provide the other Shareholders (or their respective representatives) with the opportunity
 to elect to not receive such information or to recuse itself (or its respective representative(s),
 as applicable) from such meeting, as applicable. 

19.4 Until
 such time as the transaction contemplated by this Agreement is announced, or this Agreement
 is terminated in accordance with clause 5.5, the Parties shall not purchase or sell any securities
 of Marathon (including short sales, synthetic trades, puts, calls or other hedge). 

24 

20. NOTICES 

20.1 Any
 notice or other communication to be given under or in connection with this Agreement (a Notice shall be: 

(a) in
 writing in the English language; 

(b) signed
 by or on behalf of the Party giving it; and 

(c) delivered
 personally by hand or courier (using an internationally recognised courier company) or sent
 by first class post (or by airmail if overseas) or recorded delivery or by email, to the
 Party due to receive the Notice, to the address and for the attention of the relevant Party
 set out in this clause 20 (or to such other address and / or for such other person s
 attention as shall have been notified to the giver of the relevant Notice and become effective
 (in accordance with this clause 20 prior to dispatch of the Notice)). 

20.2 In
 the absence of evidence of earlier receipt, any Notice served in accordance with clause 20
 shall be deemed given and received: 

(a) in
 the case of personal delivery by hand or courier, at the time of delivery at the address
 referred to in clause 20.4; 

(b) in
 the case of first class post (other than airmail) or recorded delivery, at 10.00 am on the
 second (2 nd Business Day after posting; 

(c) in
 the case of airmail, at 10.00 am on the fifth (5 th Business Day after posting;
 and 

(d) in
 the case of email, at the time the email is sent provided no notification is received by
 the sender that the email is undelivered or undeliverable. 

20.3 For
 the purposes of this clause 20: 

(a) all
 times are to be read as local time in the place of deemed receipt; and 

(b) if
 deemed receipt under this clause 20 is not within business hours (meaning 9.00 am to 5.30
 pm Monday to Friday on a Business Day), the Notice is deemed to have been received at 10.00
 am on the next Business Day in the place of receipt. 

25 

20.4 The
 addresses of the Parties for the purpose of this clause 20 are as follows: 

FSI: 

Marathon: 

For
the attention of: Jolie Kahn, Esq. 

 Address:
101 NE 3rd Avenue, Suite 1200, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301-1147 

 Email: jolie@mara.com 

20.5 In
 proving service, it shall be sufficient to prove that: 

(a) the
 envelope containing the notice or communication was properly addressed and delivered to the
 address shown thereon; or 

(b) the
 email containing the notice or communication was transmitted to the email address of the
 relevant Party. 

20.6 If
 a Party can reasonably assume that the person for whose attention a Notice is marked in relation
 to another Party, or a director of such another Party, is aware that such a Notice has been
 given, such Notice shall be deemed to be validly given from the time at which such person
 had that awareness. 

20.7 Any
 Party may notify the other Parties of any change to its name, address or email address for
 the purpose of this clause 20 provided that such notice shall be sent to each of the other
 Parties and shall only be effective on: 

(a) the
 date specified in the notice as the date on which the change is to take effect; or 

(b) if
 no date is so specified or the date specified is less than three (3) Business Days after
 which such notice was given (or deemed to be given), the fourth (4 th Business
 Day after the notice was given or deemed to be given. 

21. GENERAL 

21.1 Assignment 

(a) Subject
 to clause 21.1(b), a Shareholder shall not assign the benefit of this Agreement (in whole
 or in part) or transfer, declare a trust of or otherwise dispose of in any manner whatsoever
 its rights and obligations under or arising out of this Agreement or sub-contract or delegate
 in any manner whatsoever its performance under this Agreement (each of the above a Dealing without the prior written consent of all Shareholders and any Dealing or purported Dealing
 in contravention of this clause 21.1 shall be ineffective. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 a Shareholder shall be permitted, without requiring the consent of the other Shareholders,
 to assign all of it rights and obligations under this Agreement to any Person to which it
 has transferred its Shares and who has executed a Deed of Adherence in accordance with the
 terms of this Agreement. 

(b) The
 Shareholders acknowledge that Marathon s shareholders are in the process of establishing
 an ADGM private company limited by shares (the Marathon ADGM Company with the intention that the Marathon ADGM Company will replace Marathon in full as a party
 to this Agreement. Accordingly, subject to and except for the following sentence, nothing
 in this Agreement shall restrict Marathon from transferring all of its Shares (together with
 all rights and obligations under this Agreement) to the Marathon ADGM Company once incorporated.
 Marathon shall only be permitted to transfer its Shares to the Marathon ADGM Company (together
 with all rights and obligations under this Agreement) if it complies with clause 11.1(c). 

26 

21.2 Costs
 and expenses 

Save
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Party shall pay its own costs, charges and expenses (including legal fees) in
relation to the negotiation, preparation, execution and implementation of this Agreement and all other documents mentioned herein. 

21.3 Tax
 Matters 

(a) The
 Parties acknowledge and agree that the Company is intended to be treated as a corporation
 for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Parties shall take such actions, including
 making an election to be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or refraining
 from making an election to be treated as a partnership or disregarded entity, as may be required
 to ensure that the Company is classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 The Parties agree that the Company s classification for U.S. federal income tax purposes
 may be changed with any permissible effective date but that such change must in advance be
 agreed to by all Parties. 

(b) The
 Parties shall cooperate in good faith to appoint a mutually agreeable tax return preparer
 for the Company, and shall ensure that prior to filing or causing to be filed any tax return,
 form or report on behalf of the Company, the tax return preparer consults with the Parties
 regarding the content of such tax return, form or report (and provides a copy of any draft
 tax return, form or report to the Parties), and shall not file such tax return, form or report
 without the consent of the Parties. 

(c) The
 Parties acknowledge and agree that any tax liabilities of the Company shall be borne by the
 Company, and that any tax liabilities of a Shareholder shall be borne solely by such Shareholder. 

21.4 Invalidity
 or Severability 

If
at any time any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, void, invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part under any
enactment or rule of law in any jurisdiction, then such provision shall: 

(a) to
 the extent that it is illegal, void, invalid or unenforceable be given no effect and shall
 be deemed not to be included in this Agreement; and 

(b) not
 affect or impair the legality, validity or enforceability in that jurisdiction of any other
 provision of this Agreement; or the legality, validity or enforceability under the law of
 any other jurisdiction of such provision or any other provision of this Agreement; and 

27 

(c) the
 Parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to replace such a provision with a valid and
 enforceable substitute provision which carries out, as closely as possible, the intentions
 of the Parties under this Agreement. 

21.5 Counterparts 

This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and by the Parties on separate counterparts, but shall not be effective until each Party has
executed at least one counterpart. Each counterpart shall constitute an original of this Agreement, but the counterparts shall together
constitute one and the same instrument. 

21.6 Variation
 and waiver 

(a) No
 variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing (which for this purpose,
 does not include email) and signed by or on behalf of each of the Parties. The expression
 variation shall, in each case, include any variation, supplement, deletion
 or replacement however effected. 

(b) No
 waiver of this Agreement or of any provision hereof will be effective unless it is in writing
 (which for this purpose, does not include email) and signed by the Party against whom such
 waiver is sought to be enforced. 

(c) Any
 waiver of any right, claim or default hereunder shall be effective only in the instance given
 and will not operate as or imply a waiver of any other or similar right, claim or default
 on any subsequent occasion. 

(d) Any
 failure or delay by any person in exercising, or failure to exercise, any right or remedy
 provided by law or under this Agreement shall not impair or constitute a waiver of that right
 or remedy or of any other right or remedy and no single or partial exercise of any right
 or remedy provided by law or under this Agreement or otherwise shall prevent any further
 exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 

21.7 Entire
 agreement 

(a) Each
 of the Parties to this Agreement confirms that the content of this Agreement as expressly
 set out herein, represents the entire understanding, and constitutes the whole agreement,
 in relation to its subject matter and the transactions contemplated by it, and supersedes
 all previous agreements, understandings or arrangements (whether express, implied, oral or
 written (whether or not in draft form)) between the Parties with respect thereto which shall
 cease to have any further force or effect notwithstanding the existence of any provision
 of any such prior agreement or understanding that any such rights or provisions shall survive
 its termination and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, excludes any warranty,
 condition or other undertaking implied at law or by custom, usage or course of dealing. 

(b) Each
 Party confirms that in entering into this Agreement it has agreed not to rely on any representation
 (including without limitation any misrepresentation or any misstatement), warranty, collateral
 contract, assurance, covenant, indemnity, undertaking or commitment which is not expressly
 set out in this Agreement made by or on behalf of any other Party before the date of this
 Agreement, including during the course of negotiating this Agreement. 

28 

21.8 No
 partnership 

Nothing
in this Agreement or any document referred to in it or any arrangement contemplated by it or any action taken by the Parties under it
shall constitute: 

(a) any
 Party a partner of any other Party; and 

(b) any
 Party the agent of any other Party for any purpose, nor authorise any Party to make or enter
 into any commitments for or on behalf of any other Party. 

22. GOVERNING
 LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 

22.1 This
 Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of, or in connection with it, its subject
 matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by,
 and construed in accordance with, the laws of England and Wales. 

22.2 In
 the event of any dispute, controversy or claim arising from or connected with this Agreement
 (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection
 with this Agreement) between the Parties, representatives of the Parties shall, within ten
 (10) Business Days of service of a written notice from any Party to the other Parties, hold
 a meeting (a Dispute Meeting in an effort to resolve the dispute. In
 the absence of agreement to the contrary, the Dispute Meeting shall be held in Abu Dhabi,
 United Arab Emirates. 

22.3 Each
 Party shall use all reasonable endeavours to send a representative who has authority to settle
 the dispute to attend the Dispute Meeting. 

22.4 Any
 disputes, controversies or claims arising out or in connection with this Agreement, including
 without limitation any question regarding its existence, validity, breach or termination,
 shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of
 the International Chamber of Commerce by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the
 said Rules. The legal place, or seat, of the arbitration shall be the ADGM. The language
 of the arbitration shall be English. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

29 

IN
WITNESS whereof this Agreement has been duly entered into on the date first above written. 

SIGNED
 BY 

on
 behalf of FS INNOVATION L.L.C.) 

SIGNED
 BY 

on
 behalf of MARATHON DIGITAL) 

HOLDINGS,
 INC.) 

30 

</EX-10.63>

<EX-10.64>
 3
 ex10-64.htm

Exhibit
10.64 

EARLY
TERMINATION AGREEMENT 

Marathon
Digital Holdings, Inc. (the Borrower is indebted to Silvergate Bank (the Lender under that certain Term
Credit and Security Agreement (the Term Facility ), and Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the RLOC Facility ),
by and between Lender and Borrower, both dated as of July 28, 2022 (together, the Facilities ). 

The
Borrower elects hereby to early terminate the Facilities, effective March 8, 2023. The Lender hereby agrees to waive the prepayment
charge equal to one-half percent (0.50 of the principal balance due under Section 2.2 of the Term Facility. 

Further,
the Lender hereby waives the Borrower s required ninety (90) day notice period concerning termination under the RLOC
Facility. 

Agreed: 

BORROWER: 

MARATHON DIGITAL HOLDINGS. INC, 

By: 
 /s/
 Hugh Gallagher 
 
 DATE: 
 03/07/2023 
 
 Name: 
 Hugh
 Gallagher 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

LENDER: 

SILVERGATE BANK 

By: 
 /s/
 Silvia Elliot 
 
 DATE: 
 03/07/2023 
 
 Name: 
 Silvia
 Elliot 

Title: 
 Director
 of Loan Operations 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s
Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-241688,
333-251309, 333-252053 and 333-262656) and Form S-8 (File Nos.333-239565, 333-252950, and 333-258928) of our report dated March 16,
2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and our report dated March 16, 2023 with respect to our audit of
internal control over financial reporting of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2022, which reports are included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
report on the consolidated financial statements refers to a restatement of previously issued financial statements and a change in the
accounting for crypto lending arrangements. 

Our
report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expressed an adverse opinion because of the existence of material
weaknesses. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

Costa
 Mesa, CA 

March
 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

770
E Warm Springs Road 
Suite 225 
Las Vegas, Nevada 89119 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively,
the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 of our report dated March 16, 2021 included in its Registration Statement
on Form S-3 (No. 333-252053, 333-241688, 333-251309 and 333-262656) relating to the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ RBSM
LLP 

 Las
Vegas, NV 

 March
16, 2023 

770
E Warm Springs Road 

 Suite
225 

 Las
Vegas, Nevada 89119 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively,
the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 of our report dated March 16, 2021 included in its Registration Statement
on Form S-8 (No. 333-258928, 333-239565 and 333-252950) relating to the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/
RBSM LLP 

 Las
Vegas, NV 

 March
16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Fred Thiel, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly for the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fred Thiel 

Fred
 Thiel 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Hugh Gallagher, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly for the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Hugh Gallagher 

Hugh
 Gallagher 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

 (Subsections
(A) And (B) Of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Marathon
Digital Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, that: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Fred Thiel 

Fred
 Thiel 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Hugh Gallagher 

Hugh
 Gallagher 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mara-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mara-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mara-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mara-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

