<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230202_10-K_edgar_data_1723089_0001723089-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14974922</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>248366</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2393074</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5099482</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3650164</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3321758</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001723089-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230202
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230202150208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001723089-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		128
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230202
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230202

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ChampionX Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001723089
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION, MINING & MATERIALS HANDLING MACHINERY & EQUIP [3530]
		IRS NUMBER:				823066826
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38441
		FILM NUMBER:		23580351

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2445 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 4, FLOOR 12
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 403-5772

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2445 TECHNOLOGY FOREST BLVD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 4, FLOOR 12
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Apergy Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wellsite Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001723089-23-000011.txt : 20230202

10-K
 1
 championx-20221231.htm
 10-K

championx-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, determined by multiplying the outstanding shares on June 30, 2022, by the closing price on such day of 19.85 as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market, was . 
 The registrant had shares of common stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of January 26, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I Page Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 12 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 25 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 74 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 74 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 74 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 74 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 75 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 75 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 75 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 76 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 77 
 Signatures 
 79 

3 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, intend, foresee, should, would, could, may, estimate, outlook, guidance, potential, target, forecast and similar expressions, including the negative thereof. The absence of these words, however, does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, beliefs, and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on us. While management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. 
 
 All of our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements are those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 
 4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 ChampionX Corporation, a Delaware corporation ChampionX, we, us, our, or the Company ), is a global leader in chemistry solutions, artificial lift systems, and highly engineered equipment and technologies that help companies drill for and produce oil and gas safely, efficiently and sustainably around the world. Our expertise, innovative products, and digital technologies provide enhanced oil and gas production, transportation, and real-time emissions monitoring throughout the lifecycle of a well. 
 
 On June 3, 2020, the Company and Ecolab Inc. Ecolab completed a Reverse Morris Trust transaction in which we acquired the Chemical Technologies business (the Merger ). In association with the completion of the Merger, the Company changed its name from Apergy Corporation to ChampionX Corporation and its ticker symbol from APY to CHX . See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
 ChampionX has four clear strategic priorities, which drive our organization and are aligned with our operating principles of being customer advocates, people-oriented, delivering technology with impact, and being driven to improve. 
 
 Our strategic priorities include: 
 
 Drive High-Impact, Organic Growth by continuing to invest in innovation, focus on revenue synergies and seek opportunities to expand and grow our artificial lift products and chemical offerings in targeted international areas. 
 
 Accelerate Digital and Emissions Growth by innovating and developing fit for purpose modular digital and emissions solutions that help our customers improve efficiency and meet their emissions and sustainability goals. We will also drive growth by identifying opportunities to expand digitally-enabled products and digital revenue streams into adjacent markets. 
 
 Build Enterprise-wide Continuous Improvement Rigor by expanding upon our ChampionX Operational Excellence model, further integrating productivity improvements, and automating workflows to eliminate waste in business processes. 
 
 Evolve Portfolio for Sustained Growth by seeking opportunities to leverage our core capabilities across the energy industry and natural adjacencies and continuing to allocate capital consistent with our value creation framework to ensure long term success . 

BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
 Our business is organized into four reportable segments: Production Chemical Technologies, Production Automation Technologies, Drilling Technologies, and Reservoir Chemical Technologies. We refer to the Production Chemical Technologies segment and the Reservoir Chemical Technologies segments together as the Chemical Technologies business. See Note 5 Revenue in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for revenue by geography for each of our reportable segments. 
 
 Production Chemical Technologies 
 
 Production Chemical Technologies offers products and services that cover a broad range of onshore, offshore, and oil sands chemical solutions in production and midstream operations that are built upon our foundation of deep expertise and capabilities in chemical applications across the oil and natural gas value chain. The largest product lines in Production Chemical Technologies include corrosion inhibitors, scale inhibitors, emulsion breakers, and biocides. These offerings enhance the integrity of customer assets, ensure flow through pipelines and equipment, and effectively maximize total fluids treatment and production via efficiently separating oil, water, and gas. Our Production Chemical Technologies offerings include proprietary digital tools that monitor and optimize chemical treatment programs and enhance performance along with remotely connecting technical experts with field personnel to leverage our real-time technical expertise across the world. 
 
 Our reservoir modeling capability and chemistry expertise provides enhanced hydrocarbon recovery solutions to oil and gas producers. These solutions are intended to enable our customers to increase oil recovery in oilfields and improve return on 
 5 

investment by extending the economic life of fields in a safe and responsible manner, both onshore and offshore, as well as reduce their carbon footprint. 
 
 The products and services within Production Chemical Technologies are sold and supported by our on-site experts and customer account leaders, as well as through distributors, sales agents, and joint ventures. More than half of our employees work directly with customers to provide expertise and support at their production sites or remotely. We support our customers directly by leveraging a global laboratory network and a team of more than 400 scientists, engineers, and technologists. Production Chemical Technologies has an extensive portfolio of intellectual property and provides differentiated solutions as a central theme of our commercial offering. 
 
 We help enable our customers to achieve their sustainability goals through maximizing production, minimizing environmental footprint, reducing emissions, and lowering fresh-water usage. 
 
 Production Automation Technologies 
 
 Production Automation Technologies offers products, technologies, and services that facilitate the safe, efficient, and cost-effective extraction of oil and gas through artificial lift and digital automation applications. We design, manufacture, market, and service a full range of artificial lift equipment, end-to-end automation and digital solutions, as well as other production equipment and emissions monitoring solutions. Artificial lift equipment is critical to oil and gas operators for increasing pressure within the reservoir and improving oil and gas production. Our product offerings include electrical submersible pumping systems ESP ), gas lift systems, jet pumps, and multiplex surface pumps supporting hydraulic lift, plunger lift equipment, progressive cavity pumping PCP systems, downhole rod lift systems, and methane emissions monitoring solutions. 
 
 Artificial lift is a key technology for increasing oil and gas production throughout the lifecycle of a producing well and is therefore directly linked to operator economics. Our comprehensive offering provides customers with cost effective solutions tailored to a well s specific characteristics and production volumes. With sales, operations, and distribution networks, we offer all types of downhole equipment and industry-leading automation and optimization hardware and software to customers operating within the major oil and gas basins throughout the world. 
 
 Our proprietary digital products are aimed at creating an end-to-end production-optimization platform that enables oil and gas operators to monitor, predict, control and optimize well performance and drive a higher return on investment during the production lifecycle. We are a leading provider of productivity tools and performance management software for artificial lift and asset integrity management, including emissions detection and monitoring. We provide advanced controls technology that allows operators to adjust the operation of downhole artificial lift systems to production rates either at the wellsite or remotely. Our optimization software has modular architecture that enables specific solutions to be tailored to meet exact customer needs. Real-time data is used by our customers to drive decisions, enhance well servicing and obtain an accurate picture of a well s performance over time, resulting in a more connected, digital wellsite that operates more efficiently and safely. For operators that require support, we provide optimization teams that monitor customer wells and make timely adjustments to equipment operation to extend the life of the artificial lift system and mitigate production down time. In the current oil and gas industry environment, operators are focused on lowering their total operating costs over the life of a well. Our methane monitoring technology, through ground-based continuous systems, aerial measurements taken by drone or manned aircraft, or optical gas imaging camera technology deployed on the ground or in the air, provide comprehensive solutions for detecting and quantifying emissions at oil and gas facilities. We believe our combination of digital products and strong artificial lift presence enables us to drive continued adoption of digital solutions by customers seeking to meet their sustainability goals and will improve our long-term revenues. 
 
 We also offer other production equipment including chemical injection systems, flow control valves, and gauges. These products are complementary to our artificial lift and digital technologies offerings. A portion of Production Automation Technologies revenue is derived from activity-based consumable products, as customers routinely replace items such as sucker rods, plunger lift, and pump parts. 
 
 Drilling Technologies 
 
 Drilling Technologies offers innovative, industry leading polycrystalline diamond cutter PDC inserts, bearings, valves, and mining tools to help customers drill the world s most demanding oil exploration and development projects and for use in other industries. These highly specialized products are developed and produced based on more than 40 years of innovation and intellectual property development in material science applications. We press our own synthetic diamonds, known as polycrystalline diamonds, that meet the highest standards and match the requirements of the most demanding engineering 
 6 

projects. Our highly trained team members work with customers to develop custom-designed PDC inserts and bearings through a consultative process, ensuring that we tailor the products to generate the best outcomes for their operations. 
 
 We believe our highly engineered PDCs are distinguished by their quality, durability, rate of penetration, and longevity. PDCs are a relatively small cost to the oil and gas operator in the context of overall drilling costs, but are critical to cost-effective and efficient drilling. Our PDCs are primarily custom designed to meet unique customer requirements and are finished to exact customer specification to ensure optimal performance. PDCs are utilized in both vertical and horizontal drilling and are replaced as they wear during the drilling process. 
 
 We manufacture long-lasting diamond bearings for down-hole drilling motors, pumps, and turbines running in the most challenging environments. These diamond bearings are also used by customers in renewable energy applications, mixers, and agitators. These bearings have a high thermal conductivity to reduce localized temperature extremes that lead to bearing degradation, and they are very resistant to wear from abrasive particles in lubricants or process fluids. These process-fluid lubricated applications include underwater applications, downhole drilling tools, and industrial pumps. 
 
 We also manufacture high-density ceramic roof bolt mining tools focused on improving the production and safety of underground mining operations. The technically advanced and unique diamond technology of these products makes these tools incredibly long lasting for their respective applications. 
 
 Reservoir Chemical Technologies 
 
 Reservoir Chemical Technologies offers chemistry-oriented solutions and technologies to help customers meet their performance, efficiency, sustainability, and financial objectives for well drilling, cementing, fracturing, acidizing, and other well interventions. For example, we design high-performance fracturing additives to improve the customer s operational efficiency, lower chemical program costs, and enhance well productivity. We assist our customers in achieving their sustainability goals, while mitigating the impact of fluid problems that can shorten the life of the well (e.g., scale, emulsion, and microbial growth). 
 
 We offer a range of fluid solutions that help our customers achieve more successful and efficient drilling and cementing operations and enhance well productivity. We also leverage our deep experience in water treatment and processing to offer our customers products that help to control scale and inhibit microbial growth and corrosion. Our expertise involves designing tailored products to optimize our customers fluids based on individual well dynamics. The largest product lines in Reservoir Chemical Technologies include fracturing additives, drilling additives, cement additives, and acidizing additives. 

OTHER BUSINESS INFORMATION 
 
 Competition 
 
 The businesses in which we operate are highly competitive. Key competitive factors in our businesses are customer service, product capability and availability, quality and performance, price, breadth of product offering, local content and geographic footprint, market expertise and innovation. We believe we differentiate ourselves from our competitors through our model of high customer intimacy, differentiated technology, innovation, supply assurance, a superior level of customer service, and a culture of continuous improvement. 
 
 We face competition from other manufacturers and suppliers of oil and gas production and drilling equipment. Key competitors for our Production Chemical Technologies and Reservoir Chemical Technologies segments include Baker Hughes, Clariant AG, Multi-Chem (a Halliburton Service), M-I SWACO (a Schlumberger company), SNF, Kemira, Innospec, and Rockwater. Production Automation Technologies segment key competitors include Baker Hughes, Halliburton, Schlumberger, NOV, Weatherford International, Tenaris, Exterran, and Forum Energy Technologies. Drilling Technologies segment key competitors include DeBeers (Element 6), Schlumberger (Mega Diamond), and various suppliers in China. 
 
 Customers, Sales and Distribution 
 
 We have built our businesses through high customer intimacy and high-touch customer service, and we view our intense customer focus as being central to the goal of creating value for all of our stakeholders. Drawing on our industry experience, application engineering expertise, and technical expertise, we strive to develop close, collaborative relationships with our customers to help them achieve peak performance throughout the life-cycle of their assets by identifying and managing the challenges they face. We work closely with our customers engineering teams to develop technologies and applications that help improve efficiency, reliability and productivity. Our business is sensitive to changes in customers capital and operational 
 7 

expenditure budgets, including as they relate more directly to the exploration and development of new oil and natural gas reserves. 
 
 We have long-standing customer relationships with many of the largest operators in oil and gas drilling and production. Our customers include international and national oil and gas companies, large integrated operators as well as independent conventional and unconventional oil and gas companies, major oilfield equipment and service providers, and pipeline companies. Our customer base is generally diverse, but in certain international jurisdictions, our business may be concentrated in and depend on one or a few customers. We do have significant customer concentration in our top 25 customers, therefore the loss of a major customer, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We market and sell our products and technologies through a combination of field sales personnel and corporate account leaders, technical seminars, trade shows, and various digital and print advertising. We sell directly to customers through our direct sales force and indirectly through independent distributors and sales representatives. Our sales employees partner with our customers to understand the customer s technical challenges and needs, and proactively work with customers to provide solutions and advise our customers on the advantages of our technologies and product offerings. We have developed an extensive global network of sales and service locations to better serve our customers. In certain markets, we utilize joint ventures and independent third-party distributors and sales agents to sell and market products and services. We also host forums and training sessions, such as our Artificial Lift Academy, where our customers can share their experiences, learn best practices and accelerate the application of our technologies. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We own a large portfolio of patents, trademarks, licenses and other forms of intellectual property, which we acquired over many years and, to the extent applicable, expire at various times. A large portion of our intellectual property consists of patents, unpatented technology and proprietary information constituting trade secrets that we seek to protect in various ways, including confidentiality agreements with employees, customers, and suppliers where appropriate. We occasionally license third-party intellectual property to supplement our product and service offerings. We also have an active program to protect our intellectual property by filing for patents and registering trademarks around the world and pursuing legal action, when appropriate, to prevent infringement. While our intellectual property is important to our success, the loss or expiration of any of these rights, or any group of related rights, is not likely to materially affect our results of operations on a consolidated basis. We believe that our commitment to continuous engineering improvements, new product development and improved manufacturing techniques, as well as sales, marketing and service expertise, are significant to our leadership positions in the markets we serve. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 We operate in markets that are characterized by changing technology and frequent new product introductions. Products and services offered within the oil and gas drilling and production industry will continue to evolve as customers transition to a lower-carbon economy and energy system and regulations related to greenhouse gases, pollution reduction, and alternative energy sources are adopted. As a result, our success is dependent on our ability to develop and introduce new technologies and products for our customers. Technology has become increasingly critical in our industry as global oil and natural gas reservoirs mature, depletion of production accelerates, customers utilize increasingly complex well designs, while customers continue to stress higher operational efficiency from existing infrastructure and systems. Despite fluctuations in the number of wells drilled, exploration production E P companies have consistently increased their expenditures on technology to improve oil and natural gas recovery and lower their costs. We have invested substantially in building our research, development, and engineering capabilities and digital and other technology offerings, all of which we believe help our customers minimize risk, achieve production targets, extend field life and maximize profitability in a safe and responsible manner. 
 
 Our research and development program focuses on the following activities: 
 
 Developing next-generation technology for all aspects of oil and natural gas production, including both conventional and unconventional, and across the entire life-cycle of a producing asset. 
 Accelerating digitally-enabled solutions to automate workflows and eliminate waste in business processes. 
 Enhancing our ability to predict, identify and solve our customers operational challenges with our portfolio of products and services. 
 Increasing product reliability and decreasing the cost of the products and services that we bring to market by using innovation to drive operational efficiency. 
 Expanding revenue opportunities domestically and internationally. 
 Maintaining or extending competitive advantages. 
 
 8 

Our key research and development disciplines include analytical and material science, chemical synthesis, formulation science, microbiology, reservoir engineering, software engineering, process and equipment. We also have an external innovation program that leverages the capabilities and knowledge of key suppliers. Furthermore, we have a number of technical specialists embedded in key geographies to provide an efficient channel to deploy our new technologies in the major oil and natural gas basins around the world. We believe maintaining a robust innovation and product pipeline will allow us to continue to increase our market share in key businesses and with key customers. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 We use a wide variety of raw materials in manufacturing our products, some linked to commodity indexes (olefins, aromatic solvents, metals, fatty acids, amines and alcohols) as well as some non-commodity based specialty chemicals (biocides, phosphonates, silicates, salts, acids, monomers and polymers) influenced by various macro-economic factors and price of hydrocarbons. We also purchase packaging materials for our manufactured products and components. Although the required raw materials are generally available from multiple suppliers, prices fluctuate with changing market conditions. We have not historically experienced material impacts to our financial results due to shortages or the loss of any single supplier. Inflation, as we experienced resulting from Winter Storm Uri in 2021, the reopening of the global economy in connection with the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and the associated tight labor market, impact raw material costs. Tariffs also increase our material input costs, and further trade restrictions, retaliatory trade measures, or additional tariffs implemented could result in higher input costs to our products. Although cost increases in commodities may be recovered through increased prices to customers, our operating results are exposed to such fluctuations and we could experience delays in increasing prices to address cost increases. We attempt to control such costs and volatility through contracting discipline, including, but not limited to, representative index-based formula pricing, fixed-price contracts with suppliers and various other supply chain programs. We source materials globally to achieve the most competitive cost structure utilizing robust sourcing strategies for both supply and cost management. Our global supply chain is intended to provide us with cost-effective access to raw materials; however, our supply chain could be exposed to logistical disruptions, and was negatively impacted in 2022 by escalating global freight and transportation costs. We maintain domestic suppliers in most cases to provide for contingencies and back-up sources. Despite contingencies and back-up supply optionality, sustained inflation and unpredictable disruptions to supply and transportation sources could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 We are a purpose-driven company with a distinctive strategic vision that is focused on improving the lives of our customers, our employees, our shareholders, and the communities where we live and work. We bring more than a century of expertise and the unique skills, perspectives, and experiences of our global team members enable us to realize opportunities for growth and profitability. 
 
 Health Safety; COVID-19 
 
 The safety of our employees, customers, shareholders, and communities is vitally important. From the way we operate, to the products we develop, to how we partner with customers, our goal is zero: zero accidents, zero incidents, and zero environmental releases. ChampionX s Health, Safety, and Environmental HSE policy is to conduct business in a manner that protects people, assets, and the environment. All employees are committed to embody our safety culture through personal leadership, engagement, and empowerment. Our organization provides training and a culture of support for our employees to ensure they are equipped and prepared to do their jobs safely every day. 
 
 Our businesses are classified as critical infrastructure and it is important to us to protect the health and safety of our employees as we continue to support vital oil and gas infrastructure around the world. We responded to the COVID-19 pandemic with a comprehensive plan including enacting social distancing policies, equipping employees with additional personal protective equipment, and following government and health authority recommended protocols, including those of the Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization. Employee surveys demonstrated positive feedback regarding our implementation of protocols, proactive communications and maintaining the safety and health of our employees. Our comprehensive plan included providing time for employees to get vaccinated and implementing flexible-work programs to accommodate personal and family needs while maintaining business continuity. 
 
 Better Together 
 
 Our Driven to Improve principle is about eliminating waste, finding efficiencies, and getting better every day. To help us improve, employee feedback is important. We proactively engage with employees through surveys, including inquiries designed towards helping us measure our progress with integration efforts and maintaining our people-oriented, purpose-driven 
 9 

culture, which received positive results. The Pipeline to the CEO was created in 2020 for employees to give feedback and ask questions, which they may choose to do anonymously. Our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is committed to reading and responding to every message submitted, and these are made available to all employees through our internal intranet. In addition, our CEO leads quarterly Town Hall meetings, which are held virtually to allow our global employee population to participate. Significant time is devoted during these Town Halls to employee questions, which may be submitted anonymously in advance. 
 
 Employee Footprint 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 7,300 employees in 40 countries, with approximately 68 in North America, 9 in Middle East/Africa, 11 in Latin America, 7 in Europe, and 5 in Asia Pacific. Also on such date, women accounted for 22 of global employees and 23 of managers globally, and, in the United States, 40 of employees and 23 of managers identified as racially diverse. Hiring and retaining top talent is important to our success, and we believe our purpose-driven culture differentiates us as an employer of choice. 
 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 
 ChampionX is committed to building and fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace where all employees feel a sense of belonging and alignment to our organization s culture and purpose. We recognize the value of diversity and inclusion in increasing performance and cultivating strong teams. ChampionX currently supports numerous Employee Resource Groups ERG that are voluntary employee-led and leadership-supported groups representing unique cultures, experiences, backgrounds and ethnicities. ERGs allow for more purposeful alignment with our business strategy, enhance recruitment efforts and our talent pipeline, support professional development and improve retention, provide skill building and training and mentorship and guidance, and enhance engagement levels across the organization as well as with the communities in which our employees live and work. We are proud that just over 1,100 employees are involved in at least one of our nine ERGs and participate in elevating our goal of creating a workplace culture where everyone feels a sense of belonging. In 2022, ALLY Energy recognized our Essence ERG and SEED (Sustainability Empowers Employee Development) ERG as Best ERGs and Best Energy Teams for the Growth, Resilience, Innovation/Inclusion, and Talent (GRIT) they embody. ALLY Energy also recognized ChampionX as a Best Energy Workplace for the second consecutive year. 
 
 In further support of our goal of continuous improvement and to strengthen our inclusive culture, we established an enterprise-wide Diversity Inclusion D I Council in 2021 chaired by our CEO. The D I Council comprises senior leaders from a cross-section of our business and includes a rotating set of ERG leaders who will represent our ERGs and employees to enable and promote our D I strategy through the following activities: 
 
 Supporting D I best practices by partnering on initiatives to attract, support, develop, and retain employees from diverse backgrounds. 
 Identifying opportunities to develop and expand an appreciation of all cultures through mentoring, training, and coaching. 
 Maintaining successful collaboration of ERGs through the promotion of and engagement in D I activities and initiatives in our communities where we live and work. 
 
 The D I Council focuses on supporting strategies that create an inclusive environment and help ensure our employees are active participants in building an even more robust culture of belonging. 
 
 Training Development 
 
 We invest in engaging and developing employees to enable us to realize opportunities for growth and contribute to advancing progress on our strategic priorities. Our ongoing efforts and initiatives are aimed at attracting, engaging, and developing employees in a thoughtful and meaningful way to support a diverse and inclusive culture. Training programs are deployed across the organization in technical skills, product expertise, and health and safety measures, as well as in soft skill development such as communication and other interpersonal skills. In 2021, we launched our first Development Month with employees across the globe participating in 29 virtual sessions. During 2022, we hosted approximately 32 virtual or in-person sessions reaching over 950 employees and managers globally. Events ranged from workshops on creating plans for career development and success, improving financial acumen, applying continuous improvement principles and methodologies, and challenging implicit bias, to fireside chats on resiliency, overcoming adversity, and practicing allyship. All employees participate in annual ethics and compliance training, and we sponsor advanced training in manager essentials and leadership development. Employees also participate in at least one information technology and cybersecurity training session annually, and we routinely distribute cybersecurity safety tips and conduct regular internal phishing education campaigns to heighten 
 10 

employee awareness to cyber security threats. We recognize employee performance through incentives tied to our financial goals and strategic objectives, together with employee s individual achievement. 
 
 Regulatory Requirements and Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters 
 
 Our operations are subject to a variety of international, national, state, and local laws and regulations, including those relating to the safety of the sale and distribution of chemical substances, the manufacture and use of certain substances, discharge of materials into the environment, costs associated with transporting and managing hazardous materials, waste disposal and plant site cleanup, worker health and safety, or otherwise relating to human health and environmental protection. While we cooperate with governmental authorities and take what we believe are appropriate measures to meet regulatory requirements and avoid or limit environmental effects, environmental risks are inherent in our businesses. Failure to comply with these laws or regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, imposition of remedial or corrective action requirements, and the imposition of injunctions to prohibit certain activities or force future compliance. 
 
 In addition, we depend on the demand for our products and services from the oil and gas industry and, therefore, are affected by changing taxes, price controls, tariffs and trade restrictions, and other laws and regulations relating to the oil and gas industry in general, including those specifically directed to hydraulic fracturing, onshore and offshore production, and air pollution. The adoption of laws and regulations curtailing exploration, drilling, or production in the oil and gas industry, or the imposition of more stringent enforcement of existing regulations, could adversely affect our operations by limiting demand for our products and services or restricting our customers operations. Refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information related to certain risks regarding regulations and environmental matters. 
 
 We utilize behavioral-based safety practices to promote a safe working environment for all of our employees. Safety is prioritized, measured and promoted throughout all levels of our organization. We continued our Journey to Zero program which teaches that all incidents are preventable. The core tenets of our program advocate (i) constant awareness and education of safety principles, (ii) consistent safety behaviors and practices, and (iii) preventing and learning from incidents. Additionally, our operations are subject to a number of federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Act and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Along with numerous other potentially responsible parties PRP ), we are currently involved with site clean-up activities pursuant to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA, also known as Superfund or state equivalents. Based on our experience with such environmental proceedings, and an analysis of the estimated share of investigation and remediation costs payable by the PRPs, we have accrued our best estimate of probable future costs relating to these sites. In establishing accruals, potential insurance reimbursements are not included in accruals and the accruals are not discounted. We are unable to predict when, or if, the amounts accrued will be paid due to the uncertainties inherent in the environmental remediation and associated regulatory processes. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a description of environmental matters. 
 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur operating and capital expenditures to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Historically, there were no material effects upon our earnings and competitive position resulting from our compliance with such laws or regulations; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that such future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business or operational costs. 
 
 Website Access to Reports 
 
 Our internet website address is https://championx.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to each of those reports, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Alternatively, our reports may be accessed through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. Unless expressly noted, the information on our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other information we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 11 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Name Age Current Position and Business Experience Sivasankaran Somasundaram 57 President and Chief Executive Officer (2018-present) Vice President of Dover Corporation and President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Energy (2013-2018) Kenneth M. Fisher 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2021-present) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Noble Energy, Inc. (2009-2020) Deric Bryant 50 Chief Operating Officer and President, Chemical Technologies (2020-present) 
 Executive Vice President and President, Upstream Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2019-2020) 
 Executive Vice President and General Manager, Oilfield Chemicals Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2017-2019) 
 Senior Vice President, Oilfield Chemicals Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2016-2017) 
 Vice President, Oilfield Chemicals for Gulf of Mexico, West Africa and Latin America Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2014-2016) 
 Robert K. Galloway 56 President, Drilling Technologies (2018-present) President US Synthetic of Dover Corporation (2010-2018) Paul E. Mahoney 58 President, Production Automation Technologies (2018-present) President Dover Artificial Lift of Dover Corporation (2014-2018) William O Dell, Jr. 52 President, Oilfield and Specialty Performance (2020-present) 
 Vice President, North America Oilfield Chemicals Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2018-2020) 
 Vice President, Oilfield Chemicals for Gulf of Mexico, Sub Sahara Africa and Latin America Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2017-2018) 
 General Manager, Downstream Americas Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2014-2017) 
 Syed Raza 56 Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer (2018-present) President Dover Energy Automation of Dover Corporation (2016-2018) Vice President and General Manager Advanced Solutions of Honeywell Process Solutions (2014-2016) Julia Wright 47 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (2018-present) Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Dover Energy of Dover Corporation (2018) Vice President and General Counsel of Nabors Industries Ltd. (2016-2018) Interim General Counsel of Nabors Industries Ltd. (2016) Assistant General Counsel of Nabors Industries Ltd. (2013-2016) Jordan Zweig 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2020-present) Vice President and Head of Global Human Resources ChampionX, an Ecolab company (2020) Vice President, Global Human Resources Ecolab Inc. (2019-2020) Vice President and Head of Global Human Resources Ecolab Inc. (2017-2019) Vice President and Head of Global Human Resources Nalco Champion, an Ecolab company (2013-2017) 
 
 No family relationships exist among any of the above-listed officers or the members of the Board of Directors, and there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the above-listed officers and any other person pursuant to which they serve as an officer. During the past ten years, none of the above-listed officers was involved in any legal proceedings described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. All officers are elected by the Board of Directors to hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. 
 12 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the following risk factors. Each of these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as affect the value of an investment in our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Trends in crude oil and natural gas prices may affect the drilling and production activity, profitability and financial stability of our customers and therefore the demand for, and profitability of, our products and services. 
 
 The oil and gas industry is cyclical in nature and experiences periodic downturns of varying length and severity. Demand for our products and services is sensitive to the level of capital spending by global oil and natural gas companies and the corresponding drilling and production activity. The level of drilling and production activity is directly affected by trends in crude oil and natural gas prices, which are influenced by numerous factors affecting the supply and demand for oil and gas, including: 
 worldwide economic activity, including potential disruption to global trade; 
 the level of exploration and production activity; 
 the industry cost of, and access to, capital; 
 environmental regulation; 
 domestic and global political and economic uncertainty, socio-political unrest and instability, terrorism or hostilities; 
 U.S. federal, state and foreign government policies and regulations regarding current and future exploration and development of oil and gas; 
 the ability and/or desire of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and other major international producers to set and maintain production levels and influence pricing; 
 the cost of exploring and producing oil and gas; 
 the availability, expiration date and price of onshore and offshore leases; 
 the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves in onshore and offshore areas; 
 the success of drilling for oil and gas in unconventional resource plays such as shale formations; 
 the depletion rate of existing oil and gas wells in productions; 
 takeaway capacity within oil and gas producing basins; 
 alternative investments in onshore exploration and production opportunities; 
 shifts in business and personal travel with increased adoption of remote work arrangements; 
 the COVID-19 pandemic or other health pandemics and epidemics; 
 exceptional weather conditions, including severe weather events in the U.S. Gulf Coast; and 
 the pace of adoption and cost of developing alternative energy sources. 
 
 We expect continued volatility in both crude oil and natural gas prices (including the possibilities that such prices could remain at current levels or decline further for an extended period of time), as well as in the level of drilling and production related activities as a result of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, decisions of OPEC and other oil exporting nations regarding production, and the other factors listed above. Our ability to modify and adopt our operating activities in response to lower oilfield service activity levels during periodic industry downturns or in the transition to a lower carbon economy is important to our business, results of operations and prospects. However, a significant further decline and/or extended continuation of the recent downturn in the industry could continue to impact demand for our products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could result in asset impairments, including an impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill, along with other accounting charges. 
 
 We could lose customers or generate lower revenue, operating profits and cash flows if there are significant increases in the cost of raw materials or if we are unable to obtain raw materials. 
 
 We purchase raw materials, sub-assemblies and components for use in manufacturing operations, which exposes us to volatility in prices for certain commodities. Significant price increases for these commodities could adversely affect our operating profits. Like others in our industry, since 2021 we faced, and continue to face, unprecedented inflation in raw materials cost resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical and other macroeconomic factors. While we will generally attempt to mitigate the impact of increased raw material prices by endeavoring to make strategic purchasing decisions, broadening our supplier base and passing along increased costs to customers, there may be a time delay between the increased raw material prices and the ability to increase the prices of our products. Additionally, we may be unable to increase the prices of products due to the terms of existing contracts, a competitor s pricing pressure or other factors. The inability to obtain necessary raw materials on acceptable terms could affect our ability to meet customer commitments and satisfy demand for certain products. Certain of our 
 13 

product lines depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers and vendors. The ability of these third parties to deliver raw materials may be affected by events beyond our control. In addition, public health threats, such as COVID-19, severe influenza and other highly communicable viruses or diseases could limit access to vendors and their facilities, or the ability to transport raw materials from our vendors, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary raw materials for certain of our products or increase the costs of such materials. A significant price increase in or the unavailability of raw materials may result in a loss of customers and adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could result in asset impairments, including an impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill. 
 
 Our operations could be adversely affected by global market and economic conditions in ways we may not be able to predict or control. 
 
 Concerns over global economic conditions, inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, supply chain disruptions, the availability and cost of credit and the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, and the continuing conflict between Russia and Ukraine have contributed to increased economic uncertainty. An expansion or escalation of this Russian-Ukraine conflict or an economic slowdown or recession in the United States or in any other country that significantly affects the supply of or demand for oil or natural gas could negatively impact our operations and therefore adversely affect our results. Global economic conditions have a significant impact on oil and natural gas prices and any stagnation or deterioration in global economic conditions could result in less demand for our services and could cause our customers to reduce their planned spending on drilling and production activity. Adverse global economic conditions may cause our customers, vendors and/or suppliers to lose access to the financing necessary to sustain or increase their current level of operations, fulfill their commitments and/or fund future operations and obligations. Furthermore, challenging economic conditions may result in certain of our customers experiencing bankruptcy or otherwise becoming unable to pay vendors, including us. In the past, global economic conditions, and expectations for future global economic conditions, have sometimes experienced significant deterioration in a relatively short period of time and there can be no assurance that global economic conditions or expectations for future global economic conditions will recover in the near term or not quickly deteriorate again due to one or more factors. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Continuing inflation and cost increases may impact our sales margins and profitability. 
 
 Cost inflation including significant increases in wholesale product costs, labor rates, and domestic transportation costs have and could continue to impact profitability. In addition, our customers are also affected by inflation and the rising costs of goods and services used in their businesses, which could negatively impact their ability to purchase our products, which could adversely impact our revenue and profitability. There is no guarantee that we can increase selling prices, replace lost revenue, or reduce costs to fully mitigate the effect of inflation on our costs and business, which may adversely impact our sales margins and profitability. 
 
 We might be unable to successfully compete with other companies in our industry. 
 
 The business in which we operate is highly competitive. The principal competitive factors are customer service, product quality and performance, price, breadth of product offering, local content and geographic footprint, technical expertise and innovation. In some of our product and service offerings, we compete with the oil and gas industry s largest oilfield service providers. These large national and multi-national companies may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, and a stronger presence in geographies than us. They may also have more robust organizational and technical capabilities. In addition, we compete with many smaller companies capable of effectively competing on a regional or local basis. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and services and for changes in customer requirements. Many contracts are awarded on a bid basis, which further increases competition based on price. Further, the Chemical Technologies business is restricted from competing in the water and downstream fields of use for three years following the Merger, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Ecolab may have the ability to terminate certain rights, including patent licenses, if the Chemical Technologies business begins to compete in the downstream or water fields of use even after the expiration of the non-compete period. These restrictions may limit our ability to engage in certain activities, may potentially lead to disputes and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a result of the competitive environment in which we operate, if we are unable to successfully compete in our industry, we may lose competitive share, be unable to maintain or increase prices for our products and services, or be unable to develop new business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 14 

If we are unable to develop new products and technologies, our competitive position may be impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our sales and market share. 
 
 The businesses in which we operate are characterized by changing technologies and the introduction of new products and services. As a result, our success is dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire new products and services on a cost-effective basis, to introduce them into the marketplace in a timely manner, and to protect and maintain critical intellectual property assets related to these developments. Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new products and technologies, or failure to gain customer acceptance of new products and technologies, may significantly reduce future revenue and materially and adversely affect our competitive position. While we intend to continue to commit financial resources and effort to the development of new products and services, our ability to do so may be impacted by the prolonged industry downturn and/or we may not be able to successfully differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. Our customers may not consider our proposed products and services to be of value to them or may not view them as superior to our competitors products and services. In addition, our competitors or customers may develop new technologies which are similar to, or improvements on, our existing technologies. 
 
 Further, we may not be able to adapt to evolving customer needs and technologies, including the transition to a lower-carbon economy and energy system by our customers, develop new products, and achieve and maintain technological advantages in developing products and services in support of the evolving industry. If we do not successfully compete through the development and introduction of new products and technologies, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our growth and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to complete third party acquisitions on acceptable terms and integrate such acquisitions. 
 
 Over time, it is expected that we will acquire value creating, bolt-on capabilities that broaden our existing technological, geographic and cost position, thereby complementing our businesses. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to find suitable opportunities to purchase or acquire such capabilities on acceptable terms. If we are unsuccessful in our acquisition efforts, our revenue growth could be adversely affected. In addition, we face the risk that a completed acquisition may underperform relative to expectations. We may not achieve the synergies originally anticipated, may become exposed to unexpected liabilities, or may not be able to sufficiently integrate completed acquisitions into our then current business and growth model. There can be significant challenges inherent in the process of integrating acquired businesses, including the ability to ensure the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, integrating information technology, accounting, finance and other systems, as well as retention of key officers and personnel. The successful or cost-effective integration of acquired businesses cannot be assured. These factors could potentially have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our products are used in operations that are subject to potential hazards inherent in the oil and gas industry and, as a result, we are exposed to potential liabilities that may affect our financial condition and reputation. 
 
 Our products are used in potentially hazardous drilling, completion and production applications in the oil and gas industry where an accident or a failure of a product can potentially have catastrophic consequences. Risks inherent in these applications, such as equipment malfunctions and defects, failures, equipment misuse, explosions, blowouts and uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids can cause personal injury, loss of life, suspension of operations, damage to formations, damage to facilities, business interruption and damage to or destruction of property, surface and drinking water resources, equipment and the environment. While we currently maintain insurance protection against some of these risks and seek to obtain indemnity agreements from our customers requiring them to hold us harmless from some of these risks, our current insurance and contractual indemnity protection may not be sufficient or effective enough to protect us under all circumstances or against all risks. The occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against, or the failure of a customer to meet its indemnification obligations to us could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 A chemical spill or release could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 As a manufacturer and supplier of chemical products, there is a potential for chemicals to be accidentally spilled, released or discharged, either in liquid or gaseous form, during production, transportation, storage or use. Such a release could result in environmental contamination as well as a human or animal health hazard, and result in significant remediation costs for us and potential disruption for, and damage to, our manufacturing facilities, customers, communities, and other stakeholders. Accordingly, such a release could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 15 

Consolidation in our industry may impact our results of operations. 
 
 Business consolidations within the oil and gas industry in recent years have resulted in some of our largest customers combining and using their size and purchasing power to seek economies of scale and pricing concessions. Continuing consolidation within the industry may result in reduced capital spending by some of our customers or the acquisition of one or more of our primary customers, which may lead to decreased demand for our products and services. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain our level of sales to a customer that has consolidated, or replace that revenue with increased business activity with other customers. As a result, the acquisition of one or more of our primary customers may have a significant adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are unable to predict what effect consolidations in the industry may have on prices, capital spending by our customers, our selling strategies, our competitive position, our ability to retain customers or our ability to negotiate favorable agreements with our customers. 
 
 The credit risks of our customer base could result in losses. 
 
 The majority of our customers are oil and gas companies that have faced or may in the future face liquidity constraints during adverse commodity price environments. These customers are also affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry conditions such as the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in oil and gas prices as a result of associated changes in demand for such commodities, and continuing inflationary pressures, including increased interest rates and cost of credit. If a significant number of our customers experience prolonged business declines, disruptions, or bankruptcies, we may incur increased exposure to credit risk and losses from bad debts. 
 
 The loss of one or more significant customers could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 We have long-standing customer relationships with many of the largest operators in oil and gas drilling and production. Our customers include international and national oil and gas companies, large integrated operators as well as independent conventional and unconventional oil and gas companies, major oilfield equipment and service providers, and pipeline companies. Our customer base is generally diverse, but in certain international jurisdictions, our business may be concentrated in and depend on one or a few customers. We do have significant customer concentration in our top 25 customers, therefore the loss of a major customer, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to information technology, cybersecurity and privacy risks. 
 
 We depend on various information technologies and other products and services to store and process business information and otherwise support our business activities. We also manufacture and sell hardware and software to provide monitoring, controls and optimization of customer critical assets in oil and gas production and distribution. In addition, certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. We also provide services to maintain these systems. Additionally, our operations rely upon partners, suppliers and other third-party providers of information technology and other products and services. If any of these information technologies, products or services are damaged, cease to properly function, are breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors, or other vulnerabilities, or are subject to cybersecurity attacks, such as those involving unauthorized access, malicious software and/or other intrusions, we and our partners, suppliers or other third parties could experience: (i) production downtimes, (ii) operational delays, (iii) the compromising of confidential, proprietary or otherwise protected information, including personal and customer data, (iv) destruction, corruption, or theft of data, (v) security breaches, (vi) other manipulation, disruption, misappropriation or improper use of our systems or networks, (vii) hydrocarbon pollution from loss of containment, (viii) financial losses from remedial actions, (ix) loss of business or potential liability, (x) adverse media coverage, and (xi) legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, and/or damage to our reputation. Increased risks of such attacks and disruptions also exist as a result of geopolitical conflicts, such as the continuing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. While we have not experienced a material breach of our information technologies and we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, technical security controls and maintenance of backup and protective systems, the Company s and our customers , partners , vendors and other third- parties systems, networks, products and services remain potentially vulnerable to known or unknown cybersecurity attacks and other threats, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 While we currently maintain cybersecurity insurance, such insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to cybersecurity breaches or attacks, failures or other data security-related incidents, and we cannot be certain that cyber insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that an insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of 
 16 

large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to risks relating to existing international operations and expansion into new geographical markets. 
 
 We continue to focus on expanding sales globally as part of our overall growth strategy and expect sales from outside the United States to continue to represent a significant and growing portion of our revenue. Our international operations and global expansion strategy are subject to general risks related to such operations, including: 
 political, social and economic instability and disruptions; 
 export controls, economic sanctions, embargoes or trade restrictions; 
 the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 limitations on ownership and on repatriation or dividend of earnings; 
 transportation delays and interruptions; 
 labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments; 
 increased compliance costs, including costs associated with disclosure requirements and related due diligence; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; 
 limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies; 
 access to or control of networks and confidential information due to local government controls and vulnerability of local networks to cyber risks; and 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational risks of our existing international operations, these risks could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy into new geographical markets, our reputation, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Dependence on joint ventures and other local partners could adversely affect our profits. 
 
 We conduct some operations through joint ventures in which unaffiliated third parties may control or have significant influence on the operations of the joint venture. As with any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in the joint venture operating in a manner that is contrary to our preference, delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues. These factors could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 In addition to joint ventures, we rely on local third-party partners in a number of foreign jurisdictions to provide various services in support of our product sales, including sales and distribution, installation, field service, technical support, and the provision of equipment and personnel. If a local partner is unwilling or unable to deliver its services for any reason including, but not limited to, a dispute with us, the deterioration of its financial condition or a loss of personnel, we may be unable to engage an alternative partner or subcontractors to perform the same services, or on terms substantially similar to those with our existing partners. The failure to do so may cause us to breach the terms of existing contracts, impede our ability to complete orders, and/or result in damage to our customer relationships in that jurisdiction, any of which may damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business in the impacted jurisdiction. 
 
 A pandemic, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in periodic disruptions in demand for oil and gas commodities as various jurisdictions have attempted to implement or have implemented measures designed to contain the spread of the virus. Ongoing pandemics may have related economic repercussions that could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our supply chain could be disrupted if our vendors have limited access to their facilities or labor shortages, or our ability to transport raw materials from our vendors could be limited, adversely affecting the price or availability of products, which could result in a loss of revenue and profitability. Demand for our products could decrease if our customers curtail their activities, due to lower demand for their products, budget constraints or other capital discipline measures, which may adversely affect our revenue and cash flow. If our customers also face liquidity challenges, we could experience delays or defaults in customer payments, and we may incur increased exposure to credit risk and bad debts. Further, workforce availability may be impaired due to exposure to the pandemic, reluctance to comply with governmental, legal or contractual mandates, or other restrictions, which may adversely impact our employees wellness and employee retention, productivity and culture, which could negatively affect our costs and profitability or negatively impact our ability to fulfill customer orders and reduce our revenue. 
 
 17 

Failure to attract, retain and develop personnel could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 The delivery of our services and products requires personnel with specialized skills and experience, and our growth, profitability and effectiveness in conducting our operations and executing our strategic plans depend in part on our ability to attract, retain and develop qualified personnel, and align them with appropriate opportunities for key management positions. We may experience employee turnover or labor shortages if our business requirements and/or expectations about when and how often employees work either on-site or remotely are inconsistent with the expectations of our employees or if employees pursue employment in fields with less volatility than in the energy industry. Additionally, during periods of increased investment in the oil and gas industry, competition for qualified personnel may increase and the availability of qualified personnel may be further constrained. Although we believe we generally offer competitive compensation packages, our costs of operations and selling, general and administrative expenses could increase in the future if required to attract and retain qualified personnel and there is no assurance that the prices of our products and services could be increased to offset any such increases. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel on terms acceptable to us, or do so at rates necessary to maintain our liquidity and competitive position, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and market share could be adversely affected. 
 
 The inability to protect or obtain patent and other intellectual property rights could adversely affect our revenue, operating profits and cash flows. 
 
 We own patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property related to our products and services, and we continuously invest in research and development that may result in innovations and intellectual property rights. We employ various measures to develop, maintain and protect our innovations and intellectual property rights. These measures may not be effective in capturing intellectual property rights, and they may not prevent our intellectual property from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. We also may not be successful in fully protecting innovations and intellectual property we develop or acquire. In addition, if licenses to certain intellectual property are no longer available, we may not be able to continue providing services or products relating to that license, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights and any potential litigation we may initiate or have initiated against us in respect of our intellectual property rights could adversely impact our competitive position and have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Natural disasters and unusual weather conditions could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters or severe weather conditions, including the effects of climate change. Hurricanes, tropical storms, flash floods, blizzards, cold weather and other natural disasters or severe weather conditions, which may increase in frequency or intensity as a result of climate change, could result in evacuation of personnel, curtailment of services, damage to equipment and facilities, interruption in transportation of products and materials and loss of productivity. For example, certain of our manufactured products and components are manufactured at a single facility, and disruptions in operations or damage to any such facilities could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and satisfy customer demand. If our customers are unable to operate or are required to reduce operations due to natural disasters or severe weather conditions, our business could be adversely affected as a result of curtailed deliveries of our products and services. Our headquarters and certain manufacturing facilities are located in the U.S. Gulf Coast, and this region is also home to many of our customers and suppliers. Hurricanes or other severe weather events impacting the Gulf Coast could materially and adversely affect our operations, our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable cost, or at all, and our customers in the region. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial Condition and Markets 
 
 Investor sentiment towards climate change, fossil fuels and other Environmental, Social and Governance ESG matters could adversely affect our access to and cost of capital and stock price. 
 
 There have been efforts within the investment community (including investment advisors, investment fund managers, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities and individual investors) to promote the divestment of, or limit investment in, the stock of companies in the oil and gas industry. There has also been pressure on lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail financing of companies in the oil and gas industry. If these efforts continue or expand, our stock price and our ability to raise capital may be negatively impacted. 
 
 18 

Members of the investment community are also increasing their focus on ESG practices and disclosures, including practices and disclosures related to climate change and sustainability, D I initiatives, and heightened governance standards, among companies more generally. As a result, we may continue to face increasing pressure regarding our ESG disclosures and practices. Over the past few years, there has also been an acceleration in investor demand for ESG investing opportunities, and many large institutional investors have committed to increasing the percentage of their portfolios that are allocated towards ESG investments. With respect to any of these investors, our ESG disclosures and efforts may not satisfy the investor requirements or their requirements may not be made known to us. If we are unable to meet the ESG standards or investment criteria set by these investors and funds, we may lose investors or investors may allocate a portion of their capital away from us, our cost of capital may increase, and our stock price may be negatively impacted. 
 
 Our credit facility imposes restrictions that limit our operating flexibility and such facility may not be available if financial covenants are violated or if an event of default occurs. 
 
 Our credit facility contains a number of covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to incur liens and indebtedness, sell assets, repurchase our equity shares and make certain types of investments. We are also subject to certain financial covenants, including but not limited to compliance with certain leverage and interest coverage ratios as defined in the restated credit agreement. A breach of any covenant or our inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our credit facility, and we can provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary waivers or amendments from our lenders to remedy a default. In the event of any default not cured or waived, the lenders are not obligated to provide funding or issue letters of credit and could declare any outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, thus requiring us to apply available cash to repay any borrowings then outstanding. If we are unable to repay borrowings with respect to our credit facility when due, our lenders could proceed against the guarantees of our major domestic subsidiaries. If any indebtedness under our credit facility is accelerated, we can provide no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. 
 
 Our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on cross-border transactions and the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 A portion of our business is transacted and/or denominated in foreign currencies, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates or the inability to exchange or repatriate foreign currencies could have a significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, which are presented in U.S. dollars. Cross-border transactions, both with external parties and intercompany relationships, result in increased exposure to foreign exchange effects. Although the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations has historically not been material, significant changes in currency exchange rates could negatively affect our results of operations. Additionally, a future strengthening of the U.S. dollar potentially exposes us to competitive threats from lower cost producers in other countries and could result in unfavorable translation effects as the results of foreign locations are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and operating flexibility. 
 
 Our ability to make payments on, and to refinance, our indebtedness, as well as any future indebtedness that we may incur, will depend upon the level of cash flows generated by our operations, our ability to sell assets, availability under our revolving credit facility and our ability to access the capital markets and/or other sources of financing. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, industry, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we are not able to repay or refinance our indebtedness as it becomes due, we may be forced to sell assets or take other disadvantageous actions, including (i) reducing financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate purposes or (ii) dedicating an unsustainable level of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on the indebtedness. In addition, our ability to withstand competitive pressures and to react to changes in the oil and gas industry could be impaired. 
 
 Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, low commodity prices, our debt level and other factors may restrict our ability to raise capital on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, in particular with respect to companies in the energy sector, could limit our ability to access these markets or may significantly increase our cost to borrow. Continued low commodity prices, the rapid increases in interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve to counteract record levels of inflation, as well as other factors, have caused some lenders to increase interest rates, enact tighter lending standards which we may not satisfy as a result of our debt level or otherwise, refuse to refinance existing debt at maturity on favorable terms, or at all, and in certain instances have reduced or ceased to provide funding to borrowers. If we are unable to access the capital and credit markets on favorable terms or at all, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 19 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 War, terrorism or civil unrest could harm our business. 
 
 Due to the unsettled political conditions in many natural gas and oil-producing countries, our operations, revenue and profits are subject to adverse consequences of war, terrorism, civil unrest, strikes, currency controls, and governmental actions. These risks could result in the loss of our personnel or assets, cause us to evacuate our personnel from certain countries, cause us to increase spending on security worldwide, cause us to cease operating in certain countries, disrupt financial and commercial markets, including the supply of and pricing for oil and natural gas, and generate political and economic instability in some of the geographic areas in which we operate. Areas where we operate that have significant risks include, but are not limited to, the Middle East, North Africa, West Africa, the Caspian Sea region, Southeast Asia and Indonesia, Mexico, Russia, and Venezuela and other countries in South America. In addition, any possible reprisals as a consequence of military or other action, such as acts of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to oil and gas development and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays for our customers, which could reduce demand for our products. 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations could limit our customers exploration and production activities. Although we do not directly engage in drilling or hydraulic fracturing activities, we provide products and services to operators in the oil and gas industry. There has been significant growth in opposition to oil and gas development both in the United States and globally. This opposition is focused on attempting to limit or stop hydrocarbon development in certain areas. Examples of such opposition include: (i) efforts to reduce access to public and private lands, (ii) delaying or canceling permits for drilling or pipeline construction, (iii) limiting or banning industry techniques such as hydraulic fracturing, and/or adding restrictions on the use of water and associated disposal, (iv) delaying or denying air-quality permits, and (v) advocating for increased regulations, punitive taxation, or citizen ballot initiatives or moratoriums on industry activity. 
 
 In addition, various state and local governments have implemented, or are considering, increased regulatory oversight of oil and gas development through additional permitting requirements, operational restrictions, including on the time, place and manner of drilling activities, disclosure requirements and temporary or permanent bans on hydraulic fracturing or other facets of crude oil and natural gas exploration and development in certain areas such as environmentally sensitive watersheds. Increased regulation and opposition to oil and gas activities could increase the potential for litigation concerning these activities, and could include companies who provide products and services used in hydrocarbon development, such as us. 
 
 The adoption of new laws or regulations at the federal, state, or local levels imposing reporting obligations, or otherwise limiting or delaying hydrocarbon development, could make it more difficult for our customers to complete oil and gas wells, increase our customers costs of compliance and doing business, and otherwise adversely affect the oil and gas activities they pursue. Such developments could negatively impact demand for our products and services. In addition, heightened political, regulatory and public scrutiny, including lawsuits, could expose us or our customers to increased legal and regulatory proceedings, which could be time-consuming, costly, or result in substantial legal liability or significant reputational harm. We could be directly affected by adverse litigation or indirectly affected if the cost of compliance or the risks of liability limit the ability or willingness of our customers to operate. Such costs and scrutiny could directly or indirectly, through reduced demand for our products and services, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 We and our customers are subject to extensive environmental and health and safety laws and regulations that may increase our costs, limit the demand for our products and services or restrict our operations. 
 
 Our operations and the operations of our customers are subject to numerous and complex federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health, safety and the environment. These laws and regulations may adversely affect us by limiting or curtailing our customers exploration, drilling and production activities, impacting the products and services we design, market and sell and the facilities where we manufacture our products. For example, our operations and the operations of our customers are subject to numerous and complex laws and regulations that, among other things: may regulate the management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes; may require acquisition of environmental permits related to our operations; may restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various materials that can be released into the environment; may limit or prohibit operational activities in certain ecologically sensitive and other protected areas; may regulate specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; may require compliance with operational and equipment standards; may impose testing, reporting and record-keeping requirements; and may require 
 20 

remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former and ongoing operations. Sanctions for noncompliance with such laws and regulations may include revocation of permits, corrective action orders, administrative or civil penalties, criminal prosecution and the imposition of injunctions to prohibit certain activities or force future compliance. 
 
 Some environmental laws and regulations provide for joint and several strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances. In addition, we or our customers may be subject to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances, as well as damage to natural resources. These laws and regulations may expose us or our customers to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by others, or for our acts or for the acts of our customers that were in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations at the time such acts were performed. Any of these laws and regulations could result in claims, fines or expenditures that could be material to our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Environmental laws and regulations, and the interpretation and enforcement thereof, frequently change, and have tended to become more stringent over time. New laws, regulations treaties, or international agreements related to greenhouse gases and climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, may have a material adverse effect on our customers by limiting or curtailing their exploration, drilling, and production activities, which may adversely affect our operations by limiting demand for our products and services. Additionally, the implementation of new laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our operating results by requiring us to modify our operations or products or shut down some or all of our facilities. 
 
 Various laws and regulations exist or are under development that seek to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases GHG ), including establishing GHG cap and trade programs, increased efficiency standards, participation in international climate agreements, issuance of executive orders by the U.S. presidential administration and incentives or mandates for pollution reduction, use of renewable energy sources, or use of alternative fuels with lower carbon content. Any regulation of GHG emissions could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions for us and/or our customers and limit or curtail exploration, drilling and production activities of our customers, which could directly or indirectly, through reduced demand for our products and services, adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and results of operations may be impaired by violations of U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding, anti-bribery, trade control, trade sanctions, anti-corruption and similar laws. 
 
 Our operations require us to comply with a number of U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those relating to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, fair competition, export and import compliance, money laundering and data privacy. In particular, our international operations are subject to the regulations imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010 as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of various jurisdictions in which we operate. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine beginning in February 2022, the U.S. and foreign governmental bodies in jurisdictions in which we operate have announced targeted sanctions and export control measures and have threatened additional sanctions and export control measures, which may result in counter-sanctions and other retaliatory measures and actions by Russia against U.S.-based companies and their employees (together Russian Conflict Sanctions ). While we strive to maintain high ethical standards and robust internal controls, we cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate such U.S. or international laws or regulations. Any such violations of law or improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the United States or other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to increased costs of compliance and could damage our reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 Tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 In 2020, the U.S. government continued to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum and a broad range of other products imported into the United States. In response to the tariffs imposed by the U.S. government, a number of jurisdictions, including the European Union, Canada, Mexico, India and China announced tariffs on U.S. goods and services. These tariffs have increased our material input costs, and any further trade restrictions, retaliatory trade measures and additional tariffs could result in higher input costs for our products. The Russian Conflict Sanctions have and could in the future result in, among other things, severe or complete restrictions on exports to and other commerce and business dealings involving Russia, certain regions of Ukraine, and/or particular entities and individuals. The potential impacts include supply chain and logistics disruptions, financial impacts including volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, inflationary pressures on raw materials and energy, heightened cybersecurity threats and other restrictions. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of these increased costs or pass price increases on to our customers. While tariffs and other retaliatory trade measures imposed by other countries on U.S. goods 
 21 

have not yet had a significant impact on our business or results of operations, we cannot predict further developments, and such existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in domestic and foreign governmental laws, regulations and policies, risks associated with emerging markets, changes in statutory tax rates and laws, and unanticipated outcomes with respect to tax audits could adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation. 
 
 Our domestic and international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with changes in laws, regulations and policies (including environmental and employment regulations, export/import laws, local content and local ownership requirements, tax policies such as export subsidy programs and research and experimentation credits, carbon emission regulations and other similar programs). Failure to comply with any of the foregoing laws, regulations and policies could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, as well as damage to our reputation. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that costs of complying with new and evolving regulatory reporting requirements and current or future laws, including environmental protection, employment, data security, data privacy and health and safety laws, will not exceed our estimates. In addition, we have made investments in certain countries, and we may in the future invest in other countries, which may carry high levels of currency, political, compliance, or economic risk. While these risks or the impact of these risks are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 
 We are subject to taxation in a number of jurisdictions. Accordingly, our effective tax rate is impacted by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates. A material change in the statutory tax rate or interpretation of local law in a jurisdiction in which we have significant operations could adversely impact our effective tax rate and impact our financial results. 
 
 Our tax returns are subject to audit and taxing authorities could challenge our operating structure, taxable presence, application of treaty benefits or transfer pricing policies. If changes in statutory tax rates or laws or audits result in assessments different from amounts estimated, then our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. In addition, changes in tax laws could have an adverse effect on our customers, resulting in lower demand for our products and services. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, legislation commonly known as the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. Among other things, the Inflation Reduction Act includes a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases, applicable to repurchases after December 31, 2022. While we do not currently expect the Inflation Reduction Act to have a material impact on our financial results, we are in the process of evaluating the potential impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act to us. 
 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are defendants in pending lawsuits alleging negligence and injury resulting from the use of COREXIT dispersant in response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, which could expose us to monetary damages or settlement costs. 
 
 As described in Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, certain of our subsidiaries (collectively the COREXIT Defendants are among the defendants in a lawsuit arising from the use of COREXIT dispersant in response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, which could expose the Company to monetary damages or settlement costs. The plaintiff in this matter has claimed damages under products liability, tort and other theories. 
 
 While we expect this case to be dismissed pursuant to a November 28, 2012 order granting the COREXIT Defendants motion for summary judgment in the Deepwater Horizon multidistrict litigation proceeding, we cannot predict whether there will be an appeal of the dismissal, the involvement we might have in these matters in the future or the potential for future litigation. Although we believe we have rights to contribution and/or indemnification from third parties in connection with the lawsuit, if an appeal is brought and won, the remaining suit could have a material adverse effect on us and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The COREXIT Defendants continue to sell the COREXIT oil dispersant product and previously sold product remains in the inventories of individual customers and oil spill response organizations. We cannot predict the potential for future litigation with respect to such sales or inventory. However, if one or more of such lawsuits are brought and won, these suits could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 22 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We lease our corporate headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. We lease or own technical customer support offices and operating facilities, research and technology centers, and administrative facilities in North America, Europe, Australia, the Middle East, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. We also have a network of small leased sales offices around the world. 
 
 Our significant properties and facilities are located in the following business segments: 
 Chemical Technologies Research and technology centers in Sugar Land, Texas; Calgary, Canada; Aberdeen, Scotland; Sterlitamak, Russia; and Kazan, Russia. Significant regional administrative facilities located in Singapore, The Republic of Singapore; Moscow, Russia; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Buenos Aires, Argentina; Aberdeen, Scotland; and Kazan, Russia. 
 Production Automation Technologies Plants in Tulsa, Oklahoma and Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. Technical customer support offices and operating facilities in Alberta, Canada; Australia, the Middle East, and Latin America. 
 Drilling Technologies Manufacturing and technology center and administrative facility in Orem, Utah. 
 
 We believe our properties and facilities are suitable and adequate for their present and intended purposes and are operating at a level consistent with the requirements of the industry in which we operate. 

ITEM 3 . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are involved in various pending or potential legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. Management is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of these actions because of the inherent uncertainty of litigation. However, management believes the most probable, ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a description of such proceedings. 

ITEM 4 . MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the CHX symbol. At January 26, 2023, our number of common stockholders of record was 910. 
 
 On February 4, 2022, our Board of Directors Board approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.075 per share on the Company s common stock. Our most recent quarterly cash dividend of 0.075 per share was declared on November 10, 2022, and was paid on January 27, 2023 to shareholders of record on January 6, 2023. Subsequent dividend declarations, if any, including the amounts and timing of future dividends, are subject to approval by the Board and will depend on future business conditions, financial conditions, results of operations and other factors. 
 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return 
 Among ChampionX Corporation, the S P 500 Index, and 
 the PHLX Oil Service Sector Index 

The chart compares the percentage change in the cumulative stockholder return on our common stock against the cumulative total return of the Philadelphia Oil Service Sector Index, and the S P Composite 500 Stock Index. The comparison is for a period beginning May 9, 2018 and ending December 31, 2022. The chart assumes the investment of 100 on the closing price of May 9, 2018, and the reinvestment of all dividends. 
 
 24 

The following table contains information about our purchases of our common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (2) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (2) 
 October 1-31, 2022 649,910,262 November 1-30, 2022 1,900,332 31.15 1,900,332 590,682,416 December 1-31, 2022 692,827 30.04 692,827 569,858,404 Total 2,593,159 30.85 2,593,159 _______________________ 
 (1) Excluding fees, commissions, and expenses associated with the share repurchases. 
 (2) On March 7, 2022, the Company announced that our Board authorized the Company to repurchase up to 250 million of its common stock. On October 24, 2022, our Board increased the authorization under this program to 750 million. This program has no time limit and does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares of its common stock. 
 
 ITEM 6 . [ RESERVED] 
 
 25 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This discussion includes forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for certain cautionary information regarding forward-looking statements and see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, for certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in those statements. This discussion should also be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW AND BUSINESS OUTLOOK 
 
 We are a global leader in chemistry solutions, artificial lift systems, and highly engineered equipment and technologies that help companies drill for and produce oil and gas safely, efficiently, and sustainably around the world. Our expertise, innovative products, and digital technologies provide enhanced oil and gas production, transportation, and real-time emissions monitoring throughout the lifecycle of a well. Our business is organized into four reportable segments: Production Chemical Technologies, Production Automation Technologies, Drilling Technologies, and Reservoir Chemical Technologies and we refer to the Production Chemical Technologies segment and Reservoir Chemical Technologies segment together as the Chemical Technologies business. 
 
 Recent Events 
 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the related sanctions imposed present economic risk to companies that engage in business within, or have economic ties to, Russia. Our Russia operations (the CT Russia Business are fully contained within the country and include a manufacturing plant and related inventory, service operations, an established customer base and local employees, and has the ability to operate as a standalone business under the brand, Master Chemicals. The revenues, net income and total assets of the CT Russia Business represent less than 2 of our consolidated results of operations. Given the continued economic pressure and sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union and United Kingdom, during the second quarter of 2022, we initiated a plan to dispose of the CT Russia Business. As a result, the CT Russia Business met the criteria to be reported as held for sale and, therefore, is reflected in our consolidated balance sheet at the lower of its carrying value or its fair value less costs to sell estimated selling price ). We recorded a net charge of 16.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, representing the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the estimated selling price. Upon the ultimate disposition, we will recognize the accumulated cumulative translation adjustment balance associated with the CT Russia Business in our consolidated statement of income as part of the gain or loss on the sale. 
 
 On June 7, 2022, we entered into a restated credit agreement (the Restated Credit Agreement ), which amends and restates the Credit Agreement dated as of May 9, 2018 (the Credit Agreement ). The Restated Credit Agreement provides for (i) a 625.0 million seven-year senior secured term loan B facility (the 2022 Term Loan Facility and (ii) a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 700.0 million, of which 100.0 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, together with the 2022 Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The full amount of the 2022 Term Loan Facility was funded, and 135.0 million of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility was drawn, on June 7, 2022, with the aggregate proceeds used to repay outstanding amounts under our Credit Agreement, repay and terminate the term loan facility we entered into on June 3, 2020, and to redeem all outstanding 6.375 Senior Notes due 2026. Proceeds from future borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility are expected to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The 2022 Term Loan Facility matures June 7, 2029 and the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility matures June 7, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan Facility is subject to mandatory amortization payments of 1 per annum of the initial commitment paid quarterly, which began on December 30, 2022. 
 
 Business Environment 
 
 We monitor macro-economic conditions and industry-specific drivers and key risk factors affecting our business segments as we formulate our strategic plans and make decisions related to allocating capital and human resources. Our business segments provide a broad range of technologies and products to support oil and gas production, exploration and development, and the midstream sector. As a result, we are substantially dependent upon global oil production levels, as well as new investment activity levels in the oil and gas and midstream sectors. Demand for our products, technologies and services is impacted by overall global demand for oil and gas, ongoing depletion rates of existing oil and gas wells, and our customers willingness to invest in the exploration for and development of new oil and gas resources. Our customers determine their operating and capital budgets based on current and expected future crude oil and natural gas prices, U.S. and worldwide rig count, U.S. well completions and expectation of industry cost levels, among other factors. Crude oil and natural gas prices are impacted by supply and demand, which are influenced by geopolitical, macroeconomic, and local events, and have historically been subject 
 26 

to substantial volatility and cyclicality. Rig count, footage drilled, and E P investment by oil and gas operators have often been used as leading indicators for the level of drilling and development activity and future production levels in the oil and gas sector. 
 
 Market Conditions and Outlook 
 
 Oil prices steadily increased throughout 2021 and into the first half of 2022, reaching a 13-year high, due in part to the global economy reopening following the COVID-19 pandemic and supply constraint concerns following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. However oil prices moderated during the second half of the year partly in response to expected slowing in global economic growth, due in part to continuing inflationary pressures. Future oil prices remain uncertain due to rising macroeconomic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
 
 Although oil production is still below pre-pandemic levels as many publicly traded oil and gas companies continue to focus on capital return to shareholders rather than increasing output, we have seen a steady increase in U.S. oil and gas rig counts and some uptick in international activity. However, we have also experienced supply chain disruptions, due at least in part to the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, the invasion of Ukraine, and logistic challenges globally. The U.S. inflation rate is the highest experienced in four decades, primarily as a result of supply chain constraints and partially attributed to the rising oil and natural gas prices, which is a major economic input. The global economy reopening has also contributed to general inflationary pressures. We continue to work diligently to realize price increases to offset the impact of raw material, labor and logistics-related inflation that we have experienced in our businesses. We expect to continue to face inflationary pressure in 2023, although to a lesser extent. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Variance (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenue 3,805,948 3,074,990 730,958 Cost of goods and services 2,907,284 2,331,715 575,569 Gross profit 898,664 743,275 155,389 Selling, general and administrative expense 592,282 570,357 21,925 Goodwill impairment 39,617 39,617 Long-lived asset impairments and (gain) loss on disposal groups 18,493 (38,131) 56,624 Interest expense, net 45,204 51,921 (6,717) Other expense, net 6,262 6,443 (181) Income before income taxes 196,806 152,685 44,121 Provision for income taxes 40,243 38,445 1,798 Net income 156,563 114,240 42,323 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1,594 941 653 Net income attributable to ChampionX 154,969 113,299 41,670 
 
 Revenue. Revenue for the consolidated entity increased 731.0 million, or 24 , in 2022 compared to the prior year across each of our segments driven by higher volumes in North America and internationally as the global economy has generally rebounded from the COVID-19 pandemic and rig counts and customer activity has increased. This was further supplemented by the realization of price increases initiated to offset raw material and logistic costs inflation. 
 
 Gross profit. Gross profit increased 155.4 million, or 21 , year-over year, mainly due to the incremental volumes and pricing noted above and partially offset by 40.7 million in incremental restructuring charges as we exit certain product lines in our Reservoir Chemical Technologies segment. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased 21.9 million, or 4 , year-over-year primarily due to a 14.2 million increase in restructuring charges. 
 
 Goodwill impairment. As part of our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a 39.6 million impairment charge to goodwill in our Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit. 
 
 27 

Long-lived asset impairments and (gain) loss on disposal groups. In connection with reclassifying our CT Russia Business to held for sale during 2022, we recognized an impairment of 16.5 million. In 2021, we recognized a net gain of 38.1 million on the sale of the Corsicana Plant. 
 
 Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net decreased 6.7 million, or 13 , compared to prior year primarily due to the redemption of all of our outstanding 6.375 Senior Notes due 2026 in June 2022. 
 
 Other expense (income), net. Other expense, net remained flat year-over-year. 
 
 Provision for income taxes. The effective tax rates for 2022 and 2021 were 20.4 and 25.2 , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the change in the mix of domestic and foreign earnings and the release of the valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset of a foreign affiliate. 

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Variance (in thousands) 2022 2021 Segment revenue: Production Chemical Technologies 2,347,526 1,842,400 505,126 Production Automation Technologies 954,646 762,371 192,275 Drilling Technologies 229,479 172,066 57,413 Reservoir Chemical Technologies 145,197 141,095 4,102 Corporate and other 129,100 157,058 (27,958) Total revenue 3,805,948 3,074,990 730,958 Income (loss) before income taxes: Segment operating profit (loss): Production Chemical Technologies 239,936 165,463 74,473 Production Automation Technologies 89,133 45,635 43,498 Drilling Technologies 54,512 30,409 24,103 Reservoir Chemical Technologies (90,212) 30,311 (120,523) Total segment operating profit 293,369 271,818 21,551 Corporate and other 51,359 67,212 (15,853) Interest expense, net 45,204 51,921 (6,717) Income (loss) before income taxes 196,806 152,685 44,121 
 
 Production Chemical Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 505.1 million, or 27 , compared to the prior year mainly due to higher volumes in our North America and international operations, market share expansion, and price increases. Increased global pricing was implemented to help partially offset the increase in costs for raw materials and other inflationary factors. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit increased 74.5 million in 2022 compared to the prior year. Although this segment benefited from the higher revenue noted above, the increase was partially offset by a charge of 16.5 million related to reclassifying the CT Russia Business to held for sale, 13.9 million in restructuring charges and the impact of raw materials inflation. 
 
 Production Automation Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 192.3 million, or 25 , as compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in customer spending as a result of improving market conditions, market share gain, international growth, and the implementation of price increases to offset inflationary pressures in raw material and logistic costs. 
 
 28 

Operating profit. Operating profit increased 43.5 million compared to the prior year primarily due to higher sales volumes and price as noted above. However, our results were negatively impacted by further material cost inflation and supply chain disruptions. 
 
 Drilling Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 57.4 million, or 33 , compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in U.S. land-based rig count and associated increase in customer spending on drilling activities, which positively impacted sales volumes of our diamond cutters and diamond bearings products. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit increased 24.1 million compared to the prior year as a result of increased revenue. 
 
 Reservoir Chemical Technologies 
 
 Revenue. Revenue increased 4.1 million, or 3 , compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in U.S. rig count and the realization of price increases initiated to offset material cost inflation, which offset the impact of the exit of our friction reducer product line. 
 
 Operating profit. Operating profit decreased 120.5 million compared to the prior year, mainly driven by approximately 47.7 million in restructuring charges incurred during 2022 due to the exit of certain product lines to improve the overall profitability of this business and a 39.6 million impairment charge to goodwill during the fourth quarter of 2022. The operating profit realized in 2021 was reflective of a 38.1 million gain on the sale of our chemical manufacturing plant in Corsicana. 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our primary source of cash is from operating activities. We have historically generated, and expect to continue to generate, positive cash flow from operations. Cash generated from operations is generally allocated to working capital requirements, investments to support profitable revenue growth and maintain our facilities and systems, acquisitions that create value through add-on capabilities that broaden our existing businesses and support our growth strategy, as well as share repurchases, dividend payments to stockholders, and debt repayments to reduce our leverage. 
 
 During 2022, the Company completed the redemption of all of the Company s outstanding 6.375 Senior Notes due 2026 (the Senior Notes at 103.188 of the principal amount thereof. We redeemed 92.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes for 95.6 million in cash, including 0.6 million in accrued interest. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 250.2 million compared to 251.7 million at December 31, 2021 , primarily for working capital and operational purposes. At December 31, 2022, we had total liquidity of 888.6 million, comprised of 250.2 million of cash and 638.4 million of available capacity on our revolver. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a long-term debt balance of 621.7 million, net of the current portion of long-term debt of 6.3 million, primarily consisting of the 2022 Term Loan Facility with a principal amount of 623.4 million and an outstanding balance on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility of 25.0 million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 90.3 million, or 36 , of our cash balances were held outside the U.S. for the primary purpose of working capital and operational support needs. All of our cash held outside the U.S. could be repatriated and could be subject to foreign withholding taxes; however, the majority of our prior year foreign earnings are permanently reinvested and therefore no deferred taxes are recorded. We have 16.9 million in deferred tax liabilities associated with foreign withholding taxes on our foreign earnings from jurisdictions which are not asserted to be permanently reinvested. 
 29 

Outlook 
 
 We expect to generate cash from operations to support business requirements and, if necessary, through the use of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. Volatility in credit, equity and commodity markets can create uncertainty for our businesses. However, the Company believes, based on our current financial condition and current expectations of future market conditions, that we will meet our short- and long-term needs with a combination of cash on hand, cash generated from operations, the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and access to capital markets. 
 
 On February 4, 2022, our Board approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.075 per share of the Company s common stock. Our most recent quarterly cash dividend of 0.075 per share was declared on November 10, 2022, and was paid on January 27, 2023 to shareholders of record on January 6, 2023. Subsequent dividend declarations, if any, including the amounts and timing of future dividends, are subject to approval by the Board and will depend on future business conditions, financial conditions, results of operations and other factors. 
 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company announced that our Board approved a 250 million share repurchase program 2022 Share Repurchase Program ). On October 24, 2022, our Board increased the authorization under this program to 750 million. Under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program, shares of the Company s common stock may be repurchased periodically, including in the open market or privately negotiated transactions. We expect to fund share repurchases from cash generated from operations. As of December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 7,080,781 shares of common stock at a volume-weighted average price of 25.42 per share for a total of 180.1 million, including commissions. The actual timing, manner, number, and value of shares repurchased under the program will depend on a number of factors, including the availability of excess free cash flow, the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, applicable requirements, and other business considerations. 
 
 Over the next year, we expect to fund our capital expenditures and reduce outstanding debt through earnings and working capital improvements. In 2023, we project capital spending to be approximately 3.5 of revenue inclusive of capital investments for our electric submersible pump leased assets. 
 
 Additionally, we have other purchase obligations as well as operating and finance leases for real estate, vehicles and equipment that include future minimum payments with initial terms of one year or more. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies and Note 10 Leases included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We continue to evaluate acquisitions that meet our strategic priorities, expand our technology and product portfolio, improve our cost position or productivity, or broaden our geographic reach. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 82.4 million in outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds, and guarantees which expire at various dates through 2039. These financial instruments are primarily maintained as security for insurance, warranty, and other performance obligations. Generally, we would only be liable for the amount of these letters of credit and surety bonds in the event of default in the performance of our obligations, the probability of which we believe is remote. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cash provided by operating activities 413,360 328,219 Cash used for investing activities (87,989) (37,411) Cash used for financing activities (324,805) (234,347) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (5,557) (2,704) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (4,991) 53,757 

30 

Operating Activities 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities in 2022 increased 85.1 million compared to 2021. The increase in cash provided by operating activiti es was primarily driven by an increase in our results of operations. Changes in working capital items used cash of 50.4 million during 2022 compared to cash used of 6.3 million during 2021. The change in working capital items primarily related to cash outflows for inventory procurement and an increase in accounts receivable as a result of revenue growth during the period, as well as a decrease in accounts payable. 
 
 Expenditures for assets that are placed into our lease asset program expected to be recovered through sale are reported in leased assets in the operating section of our consolidated statements of cash flows. All other capitalizable expenditures for assets that are placed into our lease asset program are classified as capital expenditures in the investing section of our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 88.0 million in 2022 , and was comprised of capital expenditures of 102.8 million and acquisitions, net of cash acquired, of 3.2 million. This was partially offset by 18.0 million of cash proceeds from the sale of fixed assets primarily due to the sale of facilities within our Production Automation Technologies segment. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities was 37.4 million in 2021, and was comprised of capital expenditures of 84.5 million, acquisitions, net of cash acquired, of 20.1 million, and purchases of investments of 4.9 million. This was partially offset by 66.8 million of cash proceeds from the sale of our manufacturing plant in Corsicana and 5.2 million of cash proceeds on sale of fixed assets. 
 
 Capital expenditures in the investing cash flows section of our consolidated statement of cash flows include expenditures for long-term equipment expected to be placed into our leased asset program. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , capital expenditures consisted mostly of infrastructure related capital spending and investment in assets for our leased asset program of 39.8 million and 37.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities of 324.8 million in 2022, was primarily the result of 180.1 million of repurchases of common stock, net repayments totaling 97.9 million on our long-term debt, dividends paid totaling 45.6 million, payments related to taxes withheld on stock-based compensation of 12.0 million, debt issuance costs of 8.0 million, payments of finance lease obligations of 6.5 million, and distributions of 3.0 million to our non-controlling interests. This was partially offset by 10.1 million in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities of 234.3 million in 2021, was primarily the result of repayments totaling 223.4 million on our long-term debt, payments related to taxes withheld on stock-based compensation of 9.8 million, payments of finance lease obligations of 6.3 million, and distributions of 3.7 million to our non-controlling interests. This was partially offset by 8.8 million in cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 A summary of our revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 (in millions) Amount Debt Outstanding Letters of Credit Unused Capacity Maturity Five-year revolving credit facility 700.0 25.0 36.6 638.4 June 2027 
 
 Additionally, we have three letters of credit outside of the revolving credit facility totaling approximately 1.7 million. As of December 31, 2022 , we were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 See Note 8 Debt included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 31 

Accounts Receivable Facility 
 
 On June 28, 2022, we entered into an uncommitted accounts receivable purchase agreement (the Accounts Receivable Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as the purchaser. Transfers under the Accounts Receivable Facility are accounted for as sales of receivables. 
 
 The amount available for sale under the Accounts Receivable Facility fluctuates over time based on the total amount of eligible receivables generated during the normal course of business. A maximum of 160.0 million in receivables may be sold and remain unpaid under the Accounts Receivable Facility at any time. An aggregate 249.8 million of accounts receivable were sold in the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented and the related disclosures in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. Management reviewed these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. We believe the following critical accounting estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements address all important areas where the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our significant accounting policies. 
 
 Determination of Fair Value in Business Combinations 
 
 Accounting for the acquisition of a business requires allocation of the purchase price to the various assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values. The determination of fair value requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, and in making these determinations management uses all available information. If necessary, we have up to one year after the acquisition closing date to finalize these fair value determinations. For tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, the determination of fair value utilizes several valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows which has assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenue and expenses associated with an asset. The assumptions made in performing these valuations include, but are not limited to, discount rate, future revenues and operating costs, projections of capital costs, royalty rate, and other assumptions believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants. Depending on the magnitude of the acquisition and the specialized nature of these calculations, we often engage third-party specialists to assist management in evaluating our assumptions as well as appropriately measuring the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Inventory Valuation 
 
 Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We evaluate the components of inventory on a regular basis for excess and obsolescence. We record the decline in the carrying value of estimated excess or obsolete inventory as a reduction of inventory and as an expense included in cost of goods and services in the period in which it is identified. Our estimate of excess and obsolete inventory is susceptible to change from period to period and requires management to make judgments about the future demand of inventory. Factors that could materially impact our estimate include changes in crude oil prices and its effect on the oil and gas industry, which would impact the demand for our products and services, as well as changes in the pattern of demand for the products that we offer. We believe our inventory valuation reserve is adequate to properly value potential excess and obsolete inventory as of December 31, 2022. However, any significant changes to the factors mentioned above could lead our estimate to change. 
 
 Long-Lived and Intangible Assets Valuation 
 
 Long-lived assets to be held and used, including property, plant and equipment, identifiable intangible assets being amortized and capitalized software costs are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the long-lived asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If it is determined that an impairment loss occurred, the loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management. Because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value 
 32 

of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets, where possible. The expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on judgmental assessments of future productivity of the asset, operating costs and capital decisions and all available information at the date of review. If future market conditions deteriorate from our current expectations or assumptions, impairment of long-lived assets may be identified if we conclude that the carrying amounts are no longer recoverable. Long-lived assets classified as held for sale are reported at the disposal group s fair value, less cost to sell, beginning in the period in which the held-for-sale criteria have been met. An impairment loss is recognized in the amount in which the carrying amount of the disposal group exceeds its fair value. The fair value of a disposal group is measured based on market information when available, such as negotiated selling price. Because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired held for sale assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants. 
 
 Valuation of Goodwill 
 
 We review goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that our carrying amount of such goodwill may exceed the fair value. Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which is at or one level below our operating segments. Our reporting units consist of Production Chemical Technologies, Production Automation Technologies, Drilling Technologies, and Reservoir Chemical Technologies. 
 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The fair values calculated in these impairment tests are determined using the discounted cash flow models, which require the use of significant unobservable inputs, representative of a Level 3 fair value measurement. The assumptions include discount rate, revenue growth rates, future operating margins, future capital expenditures, changes in working capital requirements and terminal growth rates. The goodwill impairment test involves comparing management s estimate of fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, then goodwill is impaired to the extent of the difference; however, the impairment may not exceed the balance of goodwill assigned to that reporting unit. 
 
 As part of our annual goodwill impairment analysis, on October 1, 2022, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis for each of our reporting units. We determined that the fair values were less than the respective carrying values for our Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge totaling 39.6 million to write off the remaining goodwill within that reporting unit. There were no negative conditions, or triggering events, that occurred prior to our annual goodwill impairment analysis requiring us to perform an impairment review. 
 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our consolidated income tax expense. In determining our current income tax provision, we assess temporary differences resulting from differing treatments of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. When we maintain deferred tax assets, we must assess the likelihood that these assets will be recovered through adjustments to future taxable income. To the extent we believe recovery is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance to reduce the asset to a value we believe will be recoverable based on our expectation of future taxable income. We believe the accounting estimate related to the valuation allowance is a critical accounting estimate because it is susceptible to change from period to period, requires management to make assumptions about our future income over the lives of the deferred tax assets, and because the impact of increasing or decreasing the valuation allowance is potentially material to our results of operations. 
 
 The calculation of our income tax expense involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions in which we operate. We recognize tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that such positions will be sustained on examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation, based on the technical merits. While we routinely monitor the potential impact of uncertain tax positions in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate, the company has no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 33 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We may be exposed to certain market risks arising from the use of financial instruments in the ordinary course of business. This risk arises primarily as a result of potential changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates as discussed below. We do not use derivative financial instruments where the objective is to generate profits solely from trading activities. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We use a variety of raw materials, primarily metals and semi-processed or finished components, that are generally available from various sources. Commodity pricing for metals, such as nickel, chrome, molybdenum, vanadium, manganese and steel scrap, fluctuate with the market. As a result, our earnings are exposed to commodity market price fluctuations. Although some cost increases may be recovered through increased prices to customers, we attempt to control such costs through fixed-price contracts with suppliers and various other programs, such as our global supply chain activities. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We conduct operations around the world in a number of different currencies. For many of our foreign subsidiaries, the local currency is the functional currency. Therefore, our earnings are subject to change due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates when the earnings in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars. We do not hedge this translation impact on earnings. A 10 increase or decrease in the average exchange rates of all foreign currencies would have changed our revenue and income before income taxes by approximately 2.9 and 8.0 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 When transactions are denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries respective functional currencies, both with external parties and intercompany relationships, these transactions result in increased exposure to foreign currency exchange effects. The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to manage risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of gain or loss in the fair value of derivative instruments that would have resulted from a 10 increase or decrease in the underlying price of the contracts was not material. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Through our borrowing activities, we are exposed to interest rate risk. Such risk arises due to the structure of our debt portfolio, including the mix of fixed and floating interest rates. Variable-rate debt, such as our term loans or borrowings under our revolving credit facility, exposes us to short-term changes in market rates that impact our interest expense. 
 
 From time to time, we may purchase interest rate swaps and/or other derivative instruments to reduce the impact of changes in interest rates on our floating-rate exposures. Under interest rate swaps, we agree with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed notional principal amount. On June 29, 2022, the Company executed a five-year amortizing floating-to-fixed interest rate swap to hedge our exposure to increases in variable interest rates on the 2022 Term Loan Facility. This interest rate swap agreement is based on a 300 million notional amount for the first three years, reducing to 150 million for years four and five. We evaluated the interest rate swap hedge effectiveness and determined it to be perfectly effective, thus the effective portion of gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective debt. See Note 16 Fair Value Measurements in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of our interest rate swaps. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The fair value of our fixed-rate long-term debt and variable rate debt is estimated based on quoted market prices or prices quoted from third-party financial institutions. We do not currently intend to enter into any interest rate hedging agreements, but will continue to monitor interest rate exposure. See Note 16 Fair Value Measurements in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of our financial instruments. 
 34 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Auditor Firm ID 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 3 1, 202 2, 2021, and 2020 
 39 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 42 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 

35 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of ChampionX Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ChampionX Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss), of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 16 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 36 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment Reservoir Chemical Technologies Reporting Unit 
 
 As described in Note 1 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was approximately 679.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Management reviews goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such goodwill allocated to reporting units may exceed their fair value. As a result of the annual goodwill impairment analysis, management recorded a goodwill impairment charge totaling 39.6 million for the Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit. As disclosed by management, goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which is at or one level below the operating segments of the Company. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions by management. The fair values calculated in these impairment tests are determined by management using discounted cash flow models. The goodwill impairment test involves comparing management s estimate of the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, then goodwill is impaired to the extent of the difference. The assumptions used by management include the discount rate, revenue growth rates, future operating margins, future capital expenditures, changes in working capital requirements, and terminal growth rates. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment for the Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates, future operating margins, and the discount rate for the Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the reporting unit; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the model; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue growth rates, future operating margins, and the discount rate. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to revenue growth rates, future operating margins, and the discount rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the Company s discounted cash flow model and the discount rate assumption. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 February 2, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 37 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Product revenue Service revenue Lease and other revenue Total revenue Cost of goods and services Gross profit Costs and expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense Goodwill impairment Long-lived asset impairments and (gain) loss on disposal groups ) Interest expense, net Other expense (income), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to ChampionX ) Earnings (losses) per share attributable to ChampionX: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow hedges ) Pension and other post-retirement benefit plans ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to ChampionX ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Receivables, net Inventories, net Assets held for sale Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued distributor fees Liabilities held for sale Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock billion shares authorized, par value) 
 million shares and million shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value of common stock Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ChampionX stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

CHAMPION X CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (Gain) loss on disposal groups ) Loss on goodwill and long-lived asset impairments Stock-based compensation Provision for inventory obsolescence and write-downs Loss on debt extinguishment and modification Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets ) ) Amortization of deferred loan costs and accretion of discount Employee benefit plan expense Provision (recovery) of bad debt ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued compensation and employee benefits Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Leased assets ) ) ) Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash provided by (used for) investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of business Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchase of investments ) Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities ) ) Cash provided by (used for) financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid ) Repurchases of common stock ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payments related to taxes withheld on stock-based compensation ) ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Proceeds expected to be remitted under the Accounts Receivable Facility Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common stock Retained Earnings (Accum. Deficit) Accum. Other Comp. Loss Non- controlling Interest Total (in thousands) Shares Par Value Capital in excess of par value December 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect of accounting changes ) ) Issuance of common stock related to the Merger Issuance of replacement awards related to the Merger Non-controlling interest acquired in the Merger ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Distributions declared and paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Distributions declared and paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income ) ) Stock-based compensation Stock options exercised Taxes withheld on issuance of stock-based awards ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Repurchase and cancellation of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Distributions declared and paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Currency translation adjustments December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

CHAMPIONX CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1 

Significant Accounting Policies 

and , respectively, of our total net inventories were accounted for using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis. Under the LIFO method, the cost assigned to items sold is based on the cost of the most recent items purchased. As a result, the costs of the first items purchased remain in inventory and are used to value ending inventory. 
 
 43 

Work in progress Finished goods Inventory reserve ) ) LIFO adjustments (1) 
 ) ) Inventories, net 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Represents the amount by which the current cost of LIFO inventories exceeded their carrying value. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the effect of this LIFO decrement decreased cost of goods sold by million compared to the amounts that would have been recognized under a FIFO basis. 
 
 to years; machinery and equipment to years; and software to years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Gains and losses are realized upon the sale or disposition of assets and are recorded in other expense (income), net on our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the long-lived asset may not be recoverable. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable to the extent it exceeds the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If it is determined that an impairment loss has occurred, the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 
 
 to years. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of an intangible asset is not recoverable to the extent it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If it is determined that an impairment loss has occurred, the loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. We have intangible assets with an indefinite life which are tested annually for impairment. 
 
 See Note 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information related to our impairment analysis. 

44 

and amounted to million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 We have approximately million of foreign withholding taxes on our undistributed foreign earnings from jurisdictions which impose such taxes. 
 
 45 

Change in accounting estimate During the second quarter of 2020, we entered into new commercial agreements which changed the economics of the leased asset program of our electrical submersible pump ESP subsidiary in our Production Automation Technologies segment. As such, we re-evaluated the estimated useful life and salvage value of our assets based on the combination of new commercial contracts and historical operating trends related to the aging of our lease fleet, including functioning assets beyond original expected life. Based on our analysis, effective April 1, 2020, we changed our estimate of useful life and salvage values for certain equipment to better reflect the useful life and estimated values of these assets at the end of their useful life. The estimated useful life, previously estimated at months, was increased to months. The estimated salvage value of the equipment, previously estimated at of the original purchase price, was decreased to . The effect of the changes in estimate for the year ended December 31, 2020, was an increase in depreciation expense of million, a decrease in net income of million, and a decrease in basic and diluted earnings per share of per share, respectively. See Note 10 Leases for additional information related to our leased assets. 
 
 46 

NOTE 2 

As of January 1, 2020, we recorded a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings of million, net of million of income tax benefit. 

NOTE 3 
 
 million shares of common stock, at a share price of per share, in exchange for equity ownership of Chemical Technologies. The total fair value of consideration transferred was billion. The purchase price was allocated to the assets and liabilities of the Chemical Technologies business at fair value and we recorded million in goodwill associated with the transaction. 
 
 As part of the Merger, the Company entered into a Cross Supply and Product Transfer Agreement with Ecolab in which over a period of approximately from the merger date, certain products will be manufactured by one party for the other. The cross selling prices in which each party will transfer their products, and include a take-or-pay element, have been set forth within this agreement and are not reflective of market terms. As a result, we recognized an intangible asset recorded at fair value for the favorable terms and a liability recorded at fair value for the unfavorable terms. 
 
 Pro forma financial information 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to ChampionX ) 
 
 Included in the net income (loss) attributable to ChampionX on a pro forma basis were goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges of million during 2020. 
 
 47 

million, net of cash acquired, with an additional million payable on the first anniversary of the closing date. We may also be required to make future payments of up to an additional million, contingent on the future performance of the business. As part of our purchase price allocation, we recorded goodwill of million. The pro forma effect of this acquisition on revenue and net income has been determined to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 
 Tomson Technologies LLC and Group 2 LLC 
 
 On December 8, 2021, we acquired Tomson Technologies LLC and Group 2 Technologies LLC, leaders in nano technology platforms with proven commercial applications helping energy companies lower the carbon footprint and operating expenses of their oil and gas production operations. Under the terms of the agreement, we paid an initial amount of million, net of cash acquired. We may also be required to make future payments of up to an additional million, contingent on the future performance of the business. As part of our purchase price allocation, we recorded contingent consideration of million, goodwill of million, and intangible assets of million. The pro forma effect of this acquisition on revenue and net income has been determined to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 
 Scientific Aviation 
 
 On July 2, 2021, we acquired Scientific Aviation, Inc. Scientific ), a provider of site-specific and regional methane emissions monitoring solutions for continuous and periodic monitoring applications. Scientific has been included in our Production Automation Technologies segment. Under the terms of the agreement, we paid an initial amount of million, net of cash acquired. We may also be required to make future payments of up to an additional million, contingent on the future performance of Scientific. As part of our purchase price allocation, we recorded contingent consideration of million and goodwill of million. The pro forma effect of this acquisition on revenue and net income has been determined to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 Russia 
 
 Given the continued economic pressure and sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union, and United Kingdom, we have initiated a plan to dispose of our operations in Russia (the CT Russia Business ), which is included in our Production Chemical Technologies segment. As a result, the CT Russia Business met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as of June 30, 2022, which required us to present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our consolidated balance sheet. We recorded an initial charge of million during the second quarter of 2022, in order to properly reflect the carrying value of the disposal group at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. The loss on disposal group did not include write downs of individual assets, rather was recognized as a valuation allowance against the disposal group as a whole. The loss is reflected in long-lived asset impairment on the consolidated statement of income (loss). 
 
 We assess the fair value of a long-lived asset or disposal group (less any costs to sell) each reporting period that it remains classified as held for sale and report any subsequent changes as an adjustment to the carrying value of the asset or disposal group, as long as the new carrying value does not exceed the carrying value of the asset at the time it was initially classified as held for sale. Subsequent to the initial charge, we recognized a gain of million for the three months ended September 30, 2022, to properly reflect the carrying value of the disposal group at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell, which was also recognized in long-lived asset impairments and (gain) loss on disposal groups on the consolidated statement of income (loss). No material adjustments were identified during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Upon the ultimate disposition, we will recognize the cumulative translation adjustment balance associated with the CT Russia Business in our consolidated statement of income as part of the gain or loss on the sale. 
 
 48 

Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Loss on disposal group ) Total assets held for sale Accounts payable Other current liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities held for sale 
 
 Other 
 
 We have certain other assets, primarily property, plant and equipment, that aggregate to million held for sale as of December 31, 2022 that are reflected in our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The Corsicana Plant 
 
 On September 7, 2021, we sold the U.S.-based assets associated with our chemical manufacturing plant in Corsicana, Texas (the Corsicana Plant for a total purchase price of million, subject to certain closing costs, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement. The sale constituted an asset sale for accounting purposes. 
 
 Upon closing of the transaction, we received million in cash, including million to be held in escrow for to cover post-closing indemnification obligations and is included in restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Proceeds from the sale were used to pay down debt and make further progress toward our long-term leverage target. As of December 31, 2022, the escrow account has been settled. 
 
 Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we sold all of our property, plant and equipment as well as all other assets necessary to operate the Corsicana Plant. Total assets sold primarily consisted of million in property, plant and equipment, million in inventory, and million in spare parts. We recognized a net gain of million, which is included in other (income) expense, net in our consolidated statements of income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021 and reflected in our Reservoir Chemical Technologies segment. 

NOTE 4 

49 

Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other (1) 
 Total revenue Income (loss) before income taxes: Segment operating profit (loss): Production Chemical Technologies Production Automation Technologies ) Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies ) ) Total segment operating profit (loss) ) Corporate and other (1) 
 Interest expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) ____________________ 
 (1) Corporate and other includes costs not directly attributable or allocated to our reportable segments such as corporate executive management and other administrative functions, and the results attributable to our noncontrolling interest. Additionally, the sales and expenses related to the Cross Supply Agreement with Ecolab are included within Corporate and other. See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures for further information. 
 
 Singapore Canada Other Countries Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 See Note 5 Revenue for information related to revenue by geography and end markets. 
 
 50 

Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Corporate and other 
 Total 
 (1) Our Chemical Technologies business has an integrated supply chain function that serves the Production Chemical Technologies and Reservoir Chemical Technologies reportable segments. As such, capital expenditure information by each reportable segment has not been provided and is not available, since the Company does not produce or utilize such information. 
 Depreciation Amortization Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Production Chemical Technologies Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other 
 Total 

NOTE 5 
 
 Latin America Middle East Africa Canada Europe Asia-Pacific Australia Other Total revenue 
 51 

Latin America Middle East Africa Canada Europe Asia-Pacific Australia Other Total revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (in thousands) Production Chemical Technologies Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other (1) 
 Total United States Latin America Middle East Africa Canada Europe Asia-Pacific Australia Other ) Total revenue 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Revenues associated with sales under the Cross Supply Agreement with Ecolab are included within Corporate and other. See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures for further information. 
 
 Revenue is attributed to regions based on the location of our direct customer, which in some instances is an intermediary and not necessarily the end user. 
 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 Some of our contracts have a single performance obligation which represents, in most cases, the equipment or product sold to the customer. Some contracts include multiple performance obligations, often satisfied at or near the same time, such as a product and the related installation and/or maintenance services. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. We typically use observable prices to determine the stand-alone selling price of a performance obligation. 
 
 Within our Production Chemical Technologies and Reservoir Chemical Technologies segments, revenue recognized from the sale of products is recognized at the point in time when the obligations in the contract with the customer are satisfied, which generally occurs with the delivery of the product. Within our Production Automation Technologies and Drilling Technologies reportable segments, substantially all of our performance obligations are recognized at a point in time and are primarily related to product revenue derived from the sale of drilling and production equipment. Revenue is recognized when control transfers to the customer upon shipment or completion of installation, testing, or certification as required under the contract. Within our ESP leased asset program, when stipulated in the contract, equipment damaged in operation is charged to the customer and recognized as product revenue. Service and lease revenue are recognized over time when the services are provided to the customer or when the customer receives the benefit of the leased equipment. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any contracts with an original length of greater than a year from which revenue is expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied). 
 52 

Contract liabilities 
 
 Contract assets primarily relate to work completed for performance obligations that are satisfied over time and are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Contract assets are transferred to receivables when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract liabilities relate to billings or consideration received in advance of performance (obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer) under the contract. Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue when the performance obligation has been performed, which primarily occurs during the subsequent quarter. Current contract liabilities are recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE 6 
 
 Buildings and improvements Software Machinery, equipment and other Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 53 

NOTE 7 
 
 Acquisition (1) 
 Foreign currency translation December 31, 2021 Acquisition (1) 
 Allocated to disposal group (2) 
 ) ) Impairment ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) December 31, 2022 
 _______________________ 
 (1) See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures for additional information related to the acquisitions completed during July 2021, December 2021, and February 2022. 
 (2) See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures for additional information on the reclassification of assets and liabilities held for sale related to our Russia CT Business. 
 
 As part of our annual goodwill impairment analysis, on October 1, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis for each of our reporting units. As part of our forecasted operating plan that takes place during the fourth quarter of 2022, we adjusted the future projected cash flows from our Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit given our market focus and relative size of the business within our portfolio. We determined that the fair values were less than the respective carrying values for our Reservoir Chemical Technologies reporting unit. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge totaling million to write off the remaining goodwill within that reporting unit. There were no negative conditions, or triggering events, that occurred prior to our annual goodwill impairment analysis requiring us to perform an impairment review. The entire goodwill impairment charge is non-taxable and was recognized in determining our effective tax rate for the period. 
 54 

million of acquired intangible assets as part of the Tomson Technologies LLC and Group 2 Technologies LLC acquisition. See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures, for additional information. 
 
 Unpatented technologies Favorable supply agreements (2) 
 Trademarks Patents Other Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks In-process research and development Total 
 _______________________ 
 (1) During 2022, we reclassified million of net intangible assets related to our Russia CT Business within our Production Chemical Technologies segment to assets held for sale. See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures for further information. 
 million of favorable supply agreements within our Reservoir Chemical Technologies segment as part of the restructuring plan to exit certain product lines. 
 
 Amortization expense related to our intangible assets was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

55 

NOTE 8 
 
 2018 Term Loan Facility 2020 Term Loan Facility 2022 Term Loan Facility Senior Notes due 2026 
 Total Net unamortized discounts and issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt (1) 
 ) ) Long-term debt, less current portion 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Includes the mandatory amortization payments due within twelve months related to the 2022 Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2022 and the 2020 Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 2022 Credit Facility 
 
 On May 9, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement governing the terms of, among other things, a senior secured term loan B facility that had an initial commitment of million (the 2018 Term Loan Facility ), and on June 3, 2020, ChampionX Holding Inc. entered into a term loan facility for million (the 2020 Term Loan Facility ). 
 
 On June 7, 2022, we entered into a restated credit agreement (the Restated Credit Agreement ), which amends and restates the Credit Agreement. The Restated Credit Agreement provides for (i) a million senior secured term loan B facility (the 2022 Term Loan Facility and (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million, of which million is available for the issuance of letters of credit (the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, together with the 2022 Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The full amount of the 2022 Term Loan Facility was funded, and million of the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility was drawn, on June 7, 2022, with the aggregate proceeds used to repay outstanding amounts under our Credit Agreement, repay and terminate our 2020 Term Loan Facility, and to redeem all outstanding Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes ). Proceeds from future borrowings under the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility are expected to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The initial amount drawn on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility has been repaid. As of December 31, 2022, we had million outstanding on the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 2022 Term Loan Facility 
 
 The 2022 Term Loan Facility matures June 7, 2029 and the 2022 Revolving Credit Facility matures June 7, 2027. The 2022 Term Loan Facility is subject to mandatory amortization payments of per annum of the initial commitment paid quarterly, which began on December 30, 2022. The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, and events of default for loan facilities of this type. We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 At the Company s election, outstanding borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility will accrue interest at a per annum rate of (i) an adjusted SOFR rate plus the applicable spread or (ii) a base rate plus the applicable spread. On June 29, 2022, the Company executed a amortizing floating-to-fixed interest rate swap to hedge our exposure to increases in variable interest rates on the 2022 Term Loan Facility. This interest rate swap agreement is based on a million notional amount for the first three years, reducing to million for years four and five. See Note 16 Fair Value Measurements and Note 17 Derivatives and Hedging Transactions for additional information on interest rate swaps. 
 
 56 

million. Proceeds were utilized to fund a cash payment of million to Ecolab upon the completion of the Merger. The remaining balance was repaid June 7, 2022. 
 
 2018 Term Loan Facility 
 
 The 2018 Term Loan Facility had an initial commitment of million, which was funded on May 9, 2018. The remaining balance was repaid on June 7, 2022. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On May 3, 2018, we completed the offering of million in aggregate principal amount of Notes. All remaining Notes were redeemed June 7, 2022. 
 
 Redemptions and Repurchase 
 
 In connection with the Restated Credit Agreement, as noted above, we completed the redemption of all of the remaining Notes at of the principal amount thereof during 2022. We redeemed million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes for million in cash, including million in accrued interest. In connection with these redemptions, we recognized a net loss of approximately million for 2022, inclusive of the write off of the remaining unamortized debt financing costs related to the Notes, which is included in other expense (income), net in our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 During 2021, the Company completed the redemption of certain of the Company s Senior Notes at of the principal amount thereof. We repurchased million in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes for million in cash, including million in accrued interest. In connection with these redemptions, we recognized a net loss of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021, inclusive of the write off of unamortized debt financing costs related to the extinguished portion of the Senior Notes, which is included in other expense (income), net in our consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Principal payments included relate to our 2022 Term Loan Facility. See Note 10 Leases for future payments related to finance lease obligations. 

NOTE 9 

57 

million and million, respectively, of outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees, which expire at various dates through 2039. These financial instruments are primarily maintained as security for insurance, warranty, and other performance obligations. Generally, we would only be liable for the amount of these letters of credit, surety bonds, and guarantees in the event of default in the performance of our obligations, the probability of which we believe is remote. 
 
 Supply Agreements 
 
 Vendor Supply Agreement 
 
 We acquired a Vendor Supply Agreement from Ecolab as part of the Merger discussed in Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures. Ecolab made payments in the aggregate of million and the Company assumed the receivable for the repayment of this loan. The loan receivable is required to be repaid with interest on the unapplied discount, totaling million to be paid back in discounts. The fair value of the expected future cash flows as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was million and million, respectively, and included in other non-current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company is party to various proceedings and claims incidental to its business, including matters arising under provisions relating to the protection of the environment. We review the probable outcome of such proceedings, the costs and expenses reasonably expected to be incurred and accrued to date, and the availability and extent of insurance coverage. We accrue a liability for legal matters that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, the Company records the most probable estimate of the loss or the minimum amount when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. While many of these matters involve inherent uncertainty, we believe that the amount of the liability, if any, ultimately incurred with respect to these proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company is currently participating in environmental assessments and remediation at approximately locations, the majority of which are in the U.S., and environmental liabilities have been accrued reflecting our best estimate of future costs. Potential insurance reimbursements are not anticipated in the Company s accruals for environmental liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, related to these locations were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Prior to our separation as an independent publicly traded company in 2018, groundwater contamination was discovered at the Norris Sucker Rods plant site located in Tulsa, Oklahoma Norris ). Initial remedial efforts were undertaken at the time of discovery of the contamination and Norris has since coordinated monitoring and remediation with the Oklahoma Department of 
 58 

million as of December 31, 2019. Liabilities could increase in the future at such time as we ultimately reach agreement with ODEQ on our remediation plan and such liabilities become probable and can be reasonably estimated, however, there have been no changes to our estimated liability as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Matters Related to Deepwater Horizon Incident Response 
 
 On April 22, 2010, the deepwater drilling platform, the Deepwater Horizon, operated by a subsidiary of BP plc, sank in the Gulf of Mexico after an explosion and fire, resulting in a massive oil spill. Certain entities that are now subsidiaries of ChampionX as a result of the Merger (collectively the COREXIT Defendants supplied COREXIT 9500, an oil dispersant product listed on the U.S. EPA National Contingency Plan Product Schedule, which was used in the response to the spill. In connection with the provision of COREXIT 9500, the COREXIT Defendants were named in several lawsuits. Cases arising out of the Deepwater Horizon accident were administratively transferred and consolidated for pre-trial purposes under In Re: Oil Spill by the Oil Rig Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico, on April 20, 2010, Case No. 10-md-02179 in the United States District Court in the Eastern District of Louisiana (E.D. La.) MDL 2179 ). Claims related to the response to the oil spill were consolidated in a master complaint captioned the B3 Master Complaint. In 2011, Transocean Deepwater Drilling, Inc. and its affiliates (the Transocean Entities named the COREXIT Defendants and other unaffiliated companies as first party defendants (In re the Complaint and Petition of Triton Asset Leasing GmbH, et al, MDL No. 2179, Civil Action 10-2771). In April and May 2011, the Transocean Entities, Cameron International Corporation, Halliburton Energy Services, Inc., M-I L.L.C., Weatherford U.S., L.P. and Weatherford International, Inc. (collectively, the Cross Claimants filed cross claims in MDL 2179 against the COREXIT Defendants and other unaffiliated cross defendants. In April and June 2011, in support of its defense of the claims against it, the COREXIT Defendants filed counterclaims against the Cross Claimants. On May 18, 2012, the COREXIT Defendants filed a motion for summary judgment as to the claims in the B3 Master Complaint. On November 28, 2012, the Court granted the COREXIT Defendants motion and dismissed with prejudice the claims in the B3 Master Complaint asserted against the COREXIT Defendants. There currently remains one B3 case that had asserted claims against the COREXIT Defendants and that remains pending against other defendants. Because the Court s decision was not a final judgment for purposes of appeal with respect to those claims, under Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure 4(a), plaintiff will have 30 days after entry of final judgment in the case to appeal the Court s summary judgment decision. 
 
 The Company believes the claims asserted against the COREXIT Defendants are without merit and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously. The Company also believes that it has rights to contribution and/or indemnification (including legal expenses) from third parties. However, we cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits, the involvement it might have in these matters in the future, or the potential for future litigation. 
 
 59 

NOTE 10 

Operating leases Operating lease right-of-use assets Total lease right-of-use assets Lease Liabilities: Finance leases - current Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Finance leases Other long-term liabilities Operating leases - current Current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating leases Operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 Components of total lease cost 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term and variable lease cost Sublease income ) Total lease cost 
 
 Lease term and discount rate 
 Finance lease Weighted-average discount rate: Operating lease Finance lease 
 60 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Interest included within lease payments ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Lessor Accounting 
 
 Lease revenue is primarily generated from our ESP leased asset program within our Production Automation Technologies segment. An ESP rental unit has components consisting of surface, downhole and cable equipment. The average length of these arrangements generally range from months to months. Lease revenue for our leased asset programs was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Leased assets 
 months Downhole equipment months Surface equipment years Other lease equipment - years 
 Accumulated depreciation ) Leased assets, net 
 
 Depreciation expense on our leased assets was million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 11 
 
 million reduction in the liability during the fourth quarter of 2022. We expect this restructuring plan to be complete during 2023. 
 
 As a result, we recognized net charges of million during 2022, consisting primarily of contract termination costs, employee severance and related benefits, disposals of equipment and warehouse closures, partially offset by gains realized on the sale of facilities. During 2021 and 2020, we recorded restructuring and other charges of million and million, respectively. 
 
 61 

Production Automation Technologies Drilling Technologies Reservoir Chemical Technologies Corporate and other Total Statements of Income (Loss) classification: Cost of goods and services Selling, general and administrative expense Total 
 
 Our liability balance for restructuring and other related charges at December 31, 2022 reflects contract termination costs, employee severance and related benefits initiated during the period. 
 
 Restructuring charges Asset sales and write-offs ) Payments ) Other, including foreign currency translation ) December 31, 2022 

NOTE 12 
 
 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net actuarial losses of million during the year ended December 31, 2020. The actuarial gains and losses are reflected in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The net unfunded liability of the plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities within our consolidated balance sheets. The net periodic benefit expense was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 13 
 
 million, and in 2021 to increase the shares of common stock reserved for issuance to million, in each case subject to customary adjustments arising from stock splits and other similar changes, along with other amendments. 
 
 The 2018 Plan authorizes the grant of stock options, stock-settled stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance share awards, cash performance awards, directors shares and deferred stock units. The ChampionX Compensation Committee determines the exercise price for options and the base price of SARs, which may not be less than the fair value of ChampionX common stock on the date of grant. Generally, stock options or SARs vest after years of service and expire at the end of years. Performance share awards vest if ChampionX achieves certain pre-established performance targets based on specified performance criteria over a performance period of not less than years. 
 
 62 

million allocated to post-combination services was recorded as stock-based compensation expense over each employees remaining service period of approximately from the Merger date. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense is reported within selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Tax benefit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 SARs 
 
 We did not issue SARs during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Forfeited / expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 There is unrecognized compensation expense related to SARs, as all SARs are exercisable as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Aggregate intrinsic value of SARs exercised 
 
 Performance Share Awards - ChampionX 
 
 Market Vesting Conditions 
 
 We granted , , and performance share awards subject to market vesting conditions during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, under the 2018 Plan. These awards vest if ChampionX achieves certain pre-established performance targets based on specified performance criteria over a performance period of not less than years. The performance targets for these awards are classified as a market vesting condition, therefore the compensation cost was calculated using the grant date fair value, as estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation, and is not subject to change based on future events. 
 
 63 

Performance Vesting Conditions 
 
 We granted and performance share awards subject to performance vesting conditions during 2022 and 2021, respectively, under the 2018 Plan. We did t grant any of this type of award in 2020. These awards are considered performance condition awards as attainment is based on ChampionX s performance relative to established internal metrics. The fair value of these awards was determined using ChampionX s closing stock price on the date of grant. 
 
 Average attainment rate reflected in expense 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested performance share awards as of December 31, 2022, was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Restricted stock units may be granted at no cost to certain officers and key employees. Restricted stock units generally vest over a three - or period. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Unrecognized compensation expense relating to unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022, was million, which will be recognized over a weighted average period of year. 
 
 64 

Granted Forfeited / expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 We had unrecognized compensation expense relating to unvested stock options as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately million and cash received from stock options exercised was approximately million. The cash tax benefit from stock options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million. 

NOTE 14 
 
 per share on the Company s common stock. Our most recent quarterly cash dividend of per share was declared on November 10, 2022, and was paid on January 27, 2023 to shareholders of record on January 6, 2023. During 2022 , we declared cash dividends of per share. Subsequent dividend declarations, if any, including the amounts and timing of future dividends, are subject to approval by the Board and will depend on future business conditions, financial conditions, results of operations and other factors. 
 
 Repurchases 
 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company announced that our Board authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of its common stock. On October 24, 2022, our Board increased the authorization under this program to million. This program has no time limit and does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of shares of its common stock. During 2022 , we repurchased and cancelled shares of common stock at a volume-weighted average price of per share for a total of million, including commissions. 
 65 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses included in net income, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses included in net income, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 Reclassifications from accumulated comprehensive loss 
 Other expense, net Amortization of prior service cost (1) 
 Other expense, net Settlement loss (1) 
 Other expense, net Income before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes Net income 
 _______________________ 
 . 
 
 66 

NOTE 15 
 
 million shares of our common stock were issued in conjunction with the acquisition of the legacy ChampionX business. See Note 3 Merger Transaction, Acquisitions, and Divestitures for additional information. 
 
 ) Weighted-average number of shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock-based compensation Total shares and dilutive securities Basic earnings per share attributable to ChampionX ) Diluted earnings per share attributable to ChampionX ) 
 
 million shares and million shares, respectively, that were excluded because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we excluded all outstanding equity awards from the calculation of weighted-average shares outstanding, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive as we were in a loss position. 

NOTE 16 
 
 Interest rate swaps Level 2 Total Liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Level 2 Interest rate swaps Level 2 Total 
 
 The carrying value of foreign currency forward contracts is at fair value, which is determined based on foreign currency exchange rates as of the balance sheet date and is classified within Level 2. For purposes of fair value disclosure above, derivative values are presented gross. See Note 17 Derivatives and Hedging Transactions for further discussion of gross versus net presentation of the Company s derivatives. 
 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. 

67 

2018 Term Loan Facility 2020 Term Loan Facility 2022 Term Loan Facility Senior Notes due 2026 

Impairment of Goodwill and Long-lived Assets 
 
 We consider the inputs for our long-lived asset and goodwill impairment calculations to be Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 By their nature, financial instruments involve risk, including credit risk, for non-performance by counterparties. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk primarily consist of trade receivables. See Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information on the mitigation of credit risk. 

NOTE 17 

68 

Other non-current assets Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 
 The following table summarizes the notional values of the Company s outstanding derivatives: 
 December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Notional value of foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 The Company utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on forecasted foreign currency transactions, primarily related to inventory purchases. These forward contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. The changes in fair value of these contracts attributable to changes in spot exchange rates are recorded in AOCI until the hedged items affect earnings, at which time the gain or loss is reclassified into the same line item in the consolidated statements of income (loss) as the underlying exposure being hedged. The forward points are marked-to-market monthly and recognized in the same line item in the consolidated statements of income (loss) as the underlying exposure being hedged. 
 
 Under interest rate swaps, we agree with other parties to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed notional principal amount. Any unrealized gain or loss at the time of settlement will be reclassified to interest expense, where we record the interest expense on the associated debt. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts to offset its exposure to the change in value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, primarily receivables and payables, which are remeasured at the end of each period. Although the contracts are effective economic hedges, they are not designated as accounting hedges. Therefore, changes in the value of these derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. 
 
 Effect of Derivative Instruments on Income Interest expense Loss on derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Other expense (income), net Total loss of derivative instruments 
 
 69 

NOTE 18 

) ) Foreign Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 State and local Foreign Total current Deferred: U.S. federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 
 Effective income tax rate reconciliation 
 Net difference resulting from: State and local taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Foreign withholding tax ) Foreign derived intangible income ) ) Foreign operations tax effect ) ) Research and experimentation tax credits ) ) Foreign tax credit ) ) Nondeductible expenses ) Branch income ) Tax return to accrual adjustments ) ) State deferred taxes ) Goodwill impairment ) Foreign inclusions (including global intangible low-taxed income) ) Transaction costs ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Stock compensation ) ) Nondeductible officer compensation Other ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 70 

Accrued expenses Inventories Net operating loss and other carryforwards Accounts receivable Lease liability Research and Development Long-term liabilities Other assets Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities attributable to: Inventories ) Intangible assets, including goodwill ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Foreign withholding taxes ) ) Lease asset ) ) Investment in subsidiary ) ) Long-term liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) Classified as follows in the consolidated balance sheets: Assets held for sale Other non-current assets Liabilities held for sale ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 Effective Tax Rate. Our effective tax rate was for 2022 compared to for 2021. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2022 was primarily driven by the change in the mix of domestic and foreign earnings and the release of valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset of a foreign affiliate. 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, our deferred tax asset balance included non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of million. This entire balance is available to be carried forward; non-U.S. carryforwards will expire during the years 2024 through 2042. 
 
 Foreign tax credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, our deferred tax asset balance included U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards of million. This entire balance is available to be carried forward and will begin to expire during 2029. 
 
 Valuation allowance. Management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. With respect to foreign net operating losses, a significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred in various international jurisdictions over the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as our projections for future growth. In addition, we analyzed our foreign income classification and determined we would not generate sufficient general limitation income to utilize our general limitation foreign tax credits. Based on this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, we recorded a valuation allowance of million relating to net foreign deferred tax assets (including net operating losses) and million relating to foreign tax credits to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased if 
 71 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with guidance in ASC 740, Income Taxes (Topic 740) , which prescribes the minimum recognition threshold a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. The Company does not have any material uncertain tax positions, individually or in totality. 
 
 The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in multiple state jurisdictions. The earliest period the Company is subject to examination of federal income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service is 2019. The state income tax returns and other state tax filings of the Company are subject to examination by the state taxing authorities for various periods, generally up to four years after they are filed. 
 
 Undistributed Earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million of deferred tax liabilities primarily associated with withholding taxes on undistributed earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries. The Company continues to assert permanent reinvestment of the remaining undistributed earnings for which deferred taxes have not been provided for as of December 31, 2022. If there are policy changes, the Company would record the applicable taxes in the period of change. No deferred taxes have been provided for withholding taxes and other taxes on the remaining earnings as of December 31, 2022 as computation of the potential deferred tax liability associated with these undistributed earnings and any other basis differences is not practicable. 

NOTE 19 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively, of distributions to the noncontrolling interest holders in ChampionX Middle East Services LLC. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we declared and paid distributions of million and million, respectively, to the noncontrolling interest holders in Champion Arabia Co. Ltd. and million and million, respectively, to the noncontrolling interest holders in Petrochem Performance Products LLC. 
 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

NOTE 20 
 
 million in receivables may be sold and remain unpaid under the Accounts Receivable Facility at any time. 
 72 

million of accounts receivable were sold in the year ended December 31, 2022. The accounts receivable sold that remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was million. During the period, cash receipts from the purchaser at the time of the sale were classified as operating activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the accounts receivable sold and the sum of the cash received is recorded as a loss on sale of receivables in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of income. The loss on sale of accounts receivable was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 21 
 
 Cash paid for interest Net increase (decrease) in accounts payable for capital expenditures ) 
 
 Finance leases - interest Operating Finance leases - principal Financing Supplemental non-cash information on lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets: Operating leases Non-cash Finance leases Non-cash 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Cash required by operating leases is reported net of operating lease expense in the operating section of our consolidated statements of cash flows in accrued expenses and other liabilities. 
 
 Leased Asset Program 
 
 Our ESP leased asset program is reported in our Production Automation Technologies segment. At the time of purchase, assets are recorded to inventory and are transferred to property, plant, and equipment when a customer contracts for an asset under our leased asset program. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we transferred million, million, and million, respectively, of inventory into property, plant, and equipment as a result of assets entering our lease program. 
 
 Expenditures for assets that are placed into our leased asset program expected to be recovered through sale are reported in leased assets in the operating section of our consolidated statements of cash flows. All other capitalizable expenditures for assets that are placed into our leased asset program are classified as capital expenditures in the investing section of our consolidated statements of cash flows. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we made cash payments of million, million, and million, respectively, for leased asset program equipment. 
 73 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Processes 
 
 We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 
 
 Under the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, the Company is required to disclose in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with entities or individuals designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is required even where the activities are conducted outside the U.S. by non-U.S. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and even if the activities are not covered or prohibited by U.S. law. 
 As authorized by the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), a non-U.S. subsidiary of the Company which is part of our Chemical Technologies business completed sales of products used for process and water treatment applications in upstream oil and gas production related to the operation of and production from the Rhum gas field off the Scottish coast Rhum totaling 914,941 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net profit before taxes associated with these sales for each period were nominal. Rhum is jointly owned by Serica Energy plc and Iranian Oil Company (U.K.) Limited. Our non-U.S. subsidiary intends to continue the Rhum-related activities, consistent with a specific license obtained from OFAC by its customers, and such activities may require additional disclosure pursuant to the above mentioned statute. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 74 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information about our executive officers is presented under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The remaining information required in response to this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required in response to this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to shares of ChampionX common stock that may be issued under our 2018 Plan and under awards assumed in the Merger. 
 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 2,858,323 (1) 
 31.8 (2) 
 23,097,176 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 3,737,657 (4) 
 6.4 (5) 
 Total 6,595,980 n/a 23,097,176 
 _______________________ 
 
 (1) Includes 286,106 SSAR awards outstanding, 774,997 PSAs outstanding, assuming performance at target, 1,646,639 RSUs outstanding, and 150,581 deferred stock units credited to non-employee directors pursuant to the 2018 Plan. 
 (2) The weighted-average exercise price reflects the weighted-average price for outstanding SSAR awards only; it does not include restricted stock awards outstanding or deferred stock units. 
 (3) Reflects the shares available for grant determined in accordance with the terms of our 2018 Plan, calculated based on (a) one share for each SSAR, (b) three shares for each PSA, RSU and deferred stock unit awarded prior to February 18, 2021, (c) one share for each PSA, RSU and deferred stock unit awarded on or after February 18, 2021, and (d) PSAs issued at the maximum amount of 200 . 
 (4) Reflects shares subject to outstanding stock options in connection with the Merger. 
 (5) The weighted-average exercise price reflects the weighted-average price for outstanding stock option awards only; it does not include restricted stock awards outstanding. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required in response to this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required in response to this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 75 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are included under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule and related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm: 
 
 See Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and the related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included herein. All other financial statement schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 3. Index of Exhibits: 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit No 
 Exhibit Description 
 Form 
 Exhibit No. 
 Filing Date 
 2 .1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of December 18, 2019, by and among Ecolab Inc., ChampionX Holding Inc., ChampionX Corporation, and Athena Merger Sub, Inc. 
 8-K 
 2.1 
 December 20, 2019 
 2. 2 
 Separation and Distribution Agreements, dated as of December 18, 2019, by and among Ecolab Inc., ChampionX Holding Inc., and ChampionX Corporation. 
 8-K 
 2.2 
 December 20, 2019 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 May 11, 2018 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 June 4, 2020 
 3.3 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company. 
 8-K 
 3.1 November 14, 2022 4. 1 
 Description of ChampionX Corporation Common Stock 
 10-K 
 4.6 
 March 1, 2021 
 10. 1 
 Restatement Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, by and among ChampionX Corporation, as Borrower, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 8-K 10.1 June 8, 2022 10. 2 
 Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2022, by and among ChampionX LLC and US Synthetic Corporation as Sellers, Apergy USA, Inc. as Servicer, ChampionX Corporation, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Purchaser 
 8-K 10.1 July 5, 2022 10. 3 
 Performance Undertaking, dated June 28, 2022, made by ChampionX Corporation in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 8-K 10.2 July 5, 2022 10. 4 + 
 ChampionX Corporation Amended and Restated 2018 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 
 10.1 May 13,2021 
 10. 5 + 
 ChampionX Corporation Executive Officer Annual Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 
 10.6 
 May 11, 2018 
 10. 6 + 
 Apergy USA, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 8-K 
 10.7 
 May 11, 2018 
 10. 7 + 
 ChampionX Corporation Executive Severance Plan. 
 8-K 
 10.8 
 May 11, 2018 
 10. 8 + 
 ChampionX Corporation Senior Executive Change-in-Control Severance Plan . 
 8-K 
 10.9 
 May 11, 2018 
 10. 9 + 
 Form of award grant letter for restricted stock unit awards made under the ChampionX Corporation 2018 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 
 10.10 
 May 11, 2018 
 10.1 0 + 
 Form of award grant letter for performance share awards made under the ChampionX Corporation 2018 Equity and Cash Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 
 10.11 
 May 11, 2018 
 10.1 1 + 
 ChampionX Mirror Savings Plan 
 10-K 
 10.13 March 1, 2021 
 
 76 

10.1 2 + 
 ChampionX Mirror Savings Plan First Amendment 
 10-K 
 10.13 February 10, 2022 10.13+ 
 ChampionX Mirror Savings Plan Second Amendment 
 10. 1 4 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2020, by and among Ecolab Inc., ChampionX Holding Inc. and ChampionX Corporation. 
 8-K 
 2.4 
 June 4, 2020 
 10.1 5 
 Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2020, by and among Ecolab Inc. and ChampionX Holding Inc. 
 8-K 
 2.6 
 June 4, 2020 
 10. 16 
 Master Cross Supply and Product Transfer Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2020, by and among Ecolab Inc. and ChampionX LLC. 
 8-K 
 2.7 
 June 4, 2020 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of ChampionX Corporation. 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16 . FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 77 

) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Net of recoveries on previously reserved or written-off balances. 
 
 Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance Balance at Beginning of Year Additions Reductions Other (2) 
 Balance at End of Year Year Ended December 31, 2022 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) 
 _______________________ 
 (2) Other represents impact of changes in foreign exchange rates 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CHAMPIONX CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: February 2, 2023 
 By: /s/ KENNETH M. FISHER Kenneth M. Fisher Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 79 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date Signature February 2, 2023 /s/ SIVASANKARAN SOMASUNDARAM Sivasankaran Somasundaram President and Chief Executive Officer Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 2, 2023 /s/ KENNETH M. FISHER Kenneth M. Fisher Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 2, 2023 /s/ ANTOINE MARCOS Antoine Marcos Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 2, 2023 /s/ HEIDI S. ALDERMAN Heidi S. Alderman Director February 2, 2023 /s/ MAMATHA CHAMARTHI Mamatha Chamarthi Director February 2, 2023 /s/ GARY P. LUQUETTE Gary P. Luquette Director February 2, 2023 /s/ STUART PORTER Stuart Porter Director February 2, 2023 /s/ DANIEL W. RABUN Daniel W. Rabun Chairman of the Board of Directors February 2, 2023 /s/ STEPHEN M. TODD Stephen M. Todd Director February 2, 2023 /s/ STEPHEN K. WAGNER Stephen K. Wagner Director 
 80 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 a20221231exhibit1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

Exhibit 10.13 
 
 CHAMPIONX MIRROR SAVINGS PLAN 
 SECOND AMENDMENT 
 
 This Second Amendment of the ChampionX Mirror Savings Plan is adopted by ChampionX LLC. 
 
 1. Effective as of January 1, 2023, a new subsection (4) is added to Section 3.1 as follows Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Executive Deferrals may be made or shall be credited to the Account of any Executive after December 31, 2022, and any directions previously made pursuant to Subsections (1) or (2) of this Section and in effect on such date shall automatically terminate on December 31, 2022. 

By __ s Jordan Zweig _________________________ 
 Its SVP and Chief Human Resources Officer 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a20221231exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of ChampionX Corporation 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation Ace Downhole, LLC Delaware Apergy (Delaware) Formation, Inc. Delaware Apergy Artificial Lift de M xico, S. A. de C.V. Mexico Apergy Artificial Lift International, LLC Delaware Apergy Artificial Lift Pty. Ltd Queensland Apergy Artificial Lift S.A. Argentina Apergy Artificial Lift, LLC Delaware Apergy Canada ULC British Columbia Apergy Egypt LLC Egypt Apergy Energy (Kenya) Limited Kenya Apergy Energy India Private Limited India Apergy ESP Systems, LLC Oklahoma Apergy for Petroleum Services LLC Egypt Apergy Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Apergy Minority Luxembourg S. r.l. Luxembourg Apergy PCS Holding LLC Delaware Apergy Process Companies, LLC Delaware Apergy Process Systems, Inc. Texas Apergy Rods UK Limited England and Wales Apergy S.A. Argentina Apergy UK Limited England and Wales Apergy USA, Inc. Delaware Champion Arabia Co. Ltd. Saudi Arabia Champion ES Holdings Inc. Texas Champion Technologies (Nig) Limited Nigeria Champion Technologies B.V. Netherlands Champion Technologies Del Ecuador CIA LTDA. CHAMPIONTECH Ecuador Champion Technologies do Brasil Servicos e Produtos Quimicos Ltda. Brazil Champion Technologies Limited Mauritius Champion Technologies Limited Scotland Champion Technologies Middle East FZCO United Arab Emirates Champion Technologies Russia & Caspian B.V. Netherlands ChampionX (RO) Energy Services S.R.L. Romania ChampionX Argentina S.R.L. Argentina ChampionX Associate Investment Company Limited Nigeria ChampionX Australia Pty Ltd New South Wales ChampionX Azerbaijan LLC Azerbaijan ChampionX Canada ULC Alberta ChampionX de Colombia Ltda Colombia ChampionX Digital & Emissions Technologies LLC Delaware ChampionX EG Holdings LLC Delaware 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation ChampionX Egypt Holdings Ltd. England and Wales ChampionX Egypt Ltd. England and Wales ChampionX Emissions LLC Delaware ChampionX Energy Services Limited Ghana ChampionX Equatorial Guinea, S.A.R.L. Equatorial Guinea ChampionX Europe B.V. Netherlands ChampionX Europe GmbH Switzerland ChampionX Gabon SARL Gabon ChampionX Gulf Limited Jersey ChampionX Guyana Inc. Guyana ChampionX Holding Inc. Delaware ChampionX Holdings 1 ULC British Columbia ChampionX International Operations, Inc. Delaware ChampionX LA Holding B.V. Netherlands ChampionX LA S.C.A. Venezuela ChampionX LLC Delaware ChampionX Mauritania SARL Mauritania ChampionX Middle East Holdings, Inc. Delaware ChampionX Middle East LLC Oman ChampionX Middle East Services LLC Oman ChampionX New Zealand New Zealand ChampionX NL 1 B.V. Netherlands ChampionX Norge AS Norway ChampionX Oilfield Solutions Ghana Limited Ghana ChampionX PNG Ltd Papua New Guinea ChampionX Resources Inc. Delaware ChampionX Russia Holding B.V. Netherlands ChampionX Services LLC Russian Federation ChampionX SG 2 Pte. Ltd. Singapore ChampionX SG 3 Pte. Ltd. Singapore ChampionX SG 4 Pte. Ltd. Singapore ChampionX SG Service Pte. Ltd. Singapore ChampionX Texas Leasing LLC Delaware ChampionX U.S. 3 Inc. Delaware ChampionX U.S. 4 LLC Delaware ChampionX U.S. 5 LLC Delaware ChampionX U.S. 6 LLC Delaware ChampionX Ultrafab ULC Alberta ChampionX USA Inc. Delaware ChampionX-Element JSC Russian Federation Chemical Innovations NL B.V. Netherlands Corexit Environmental Solutions LLC Delaware CTI Chemicals Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore Ener Tools S.A. Argentina 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation Harbison-Fischer, Inc. Delaware Honetreat Company California Houseman Limited England and Wales International Legacy Fabrication L.L.C. Oman Legacy Fabrication (Oman) Holdings, LLC Delaware Legacy Fabrication Ghana Ltd. Ghana Legacy Fabrication LLC Delaware Master Chemicals LLC Russian Federation Norris Rods, Inc. Delaware Norriseal-WellMark, Inc. Delaware Oil Lift Technology Inc. British Columbia Oil Lift Technology S.A.S. Colombia ONES West Africa LLC Delaware P.T. Champion Kurnia Djaja Technologies Indonesia PCS Ferguson Canada Inc. Alberta PCS Ferguson, Inc. Delaware Promchimservice Limited Liability Company Russian Federation Pro-Rod Inc. Alberta PT Nalco Champion Indonesia Indonesia Quartzdyne, Inc. Delaware Scientific Aviation, Inc. California Spirit Global Energy Solutions, Inc. Delaware Theta Oilfield Services, Inc. Delaware US Synthetic Corporation Delaware Windrock, Inc. Tennessee 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a20221231exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-262624, 333-224926, 333-238903 and 333-238904) of ChampionX Corporation of our report dated February 2, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Houston, TX 
 February 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a20221231exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Sivasankaran Somasundaram, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ChampionX Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 2, 2023 s SIVASANKARAN SOMASUNDARAM Sivasankaran Somasundaram 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a20221231exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND RULE 15D-14(A) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Kenneth M. Fisher, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ChampionX Corporation (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 2, 2023 s KENNETH M. FISHER Kenneth M. Fisher 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a20221231exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I, Sivasankaran Somasundaram, President and Chief Executive Officer of ChampionX Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (a) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 2, 2023 s SIVASANKARAN SOMASUNDARAM Sivasankaran Somasundaram 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a20221231exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002, 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I, Kenneth M. Fisher, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ChampionX Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (a) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 2, 2023 s KENNETH M. FISHER Kenneth M. Fisher 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 championx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 championx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 championx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 championx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 championx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

