<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1407623_0001407623-23-000042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14665297</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>346958</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2110902</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5137422</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3544654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3276494</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001407623-23-000042.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216133509
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001407623-23-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001407623
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				260500600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33749
		FILM NUMBER:		23637885

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11250 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 677-0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11250 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NRDC Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070724

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001577230
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				271532741
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-189057-01
		FILM NUMBER:		23637886

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11250 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 677-0900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11250 EL CAMINO REAL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001407623-23-000042.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 roic-20221231.htm
 10-K

roic-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 Commission file number: 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Retail Opportunity Investments Corp.) (Retail Opportunity Investments Corp.) (Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP) (Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. None 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. No Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Yes Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. No Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. No Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1 (b). 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a Shell Company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Yes No Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Yes No 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Name of Registrant Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP None None None 
 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. as of June 30, 2022 , the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based on the closing sale price of 15.78 per share of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. common stock on that date as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market). 
 
 There is no public trading market for the operating partnership units of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP. As a result the aggregate market value of common equity securities held by non-affiliates of this registrant cannot be determined. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. outstanding as of February 9, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Portions of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting, to be filed within 120 days after its fiscal year, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 1 

EXPLANATORY PARAGRAPH 
 
 This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., a Maryland corporation ROIC ), and Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership of which Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. is the parent company and through its wholly owned subsidiary, acts as general partner. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to the Company, we, us, our, or our company refer to ROIC together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to the Operating Partnership refer to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 ROIC operates as a real estate investment trust and as of December 31, 2022, ROIC owned an approximate 93.6 partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, ROIC s wholly-owned subsidiary, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Through this subsidiary, ROIC has full and complete authority and control over the Operating Partnership s business. 
 
 The Company believes that combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of ROIC and the Operating Partnership into a single report will result in the following benefits: 
 
 facilitate a better understanding by the investors of ROIC and the Operating Partnership by enabling them to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 
 remove duplicative disclosures and provide a more straightforward presentation in light of the fact that a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both ROIC and the Operating Partnership; and 
 
 create time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 
 Management operates ROIC and the Operating Partnership as one enterprise. The management of ROIC and the Operating Partnership are the same. 
 
 There are few differences between ROIC and the Operating Partnership, which are reflected in the disclosures in this report. The Company believes it is important to understand the differences between ROIC and the Operating Partnership in the context of how these entities operate as an interrelated consolidated company. ROIC is a real estate investment trust, whose only material assets are its direct or indirect partnership interests in the Operating Partnership and membership interest in Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, which is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As a result, ROIC does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the parent company and through Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership GP, LLC as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all the assets of the Company and directly or indirectly holds the ownership interests in the Company s real estate ventures. The Company conducts its business through the Operating Partnership, which is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by ROIC, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the Company s business through the Operating Partnership s operations, by the Operating Partnership s incurrence of indebtedness (directly and through subsidiaries) or through the issuance of operating partnership units OP Units of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Non-controlling interests is the primary difference between the Consolidated Financial Statements for ROIC and the Operating Partnership. The OP Units in the Operating Partnership that are not owned by ROIC are accounted for as partners capital in the Operating Partnership s financial statements and as non-controlling interests in ROIC s financial statements. Accordingly, this report presents the Consolidated Financial Statements for ROIC and the Operating Partnership separately, as required, as well as Earnings Per Share / Earnings Per Unit and Capital of the Partnership. 
 
 This report also includes separate Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer certifications for each of ROIC and the Operating Partnership as reflected in Exhibits 31 and 32. 
 2 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 6 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 PART II 
 34 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 92 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 92 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 93 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 
 PART III 
 93 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 93 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 94 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 94 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 94 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 94 
 PART IV 
 94 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 94 
 SIGNATURES 
 99 

3 

Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 
 When used in this discussion and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words believes, anticipates, projects, may, will, should, estimates, expects, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements with the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and in Section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Currently, one of the factors that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from the Company s forward-looking statements is the ongoing adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, and federal, state, and/or local regulatory guidelines and private business actions to control it, on the Company s financial condition, operating results and cash flows, the Company s tenants and their customers, the use of and demand for retail space, the real estate market in which the Company operates, the U.S. economy, the global economy and the financial markets. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, including any variants thereof, continues to impact the Company and its tenants will depend on future developments, which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Additional factors, many of which may be influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic, that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements include: 
 
 Actual results may differ materially due to uncertainties including: 
 
 the Company s ability to identify and acquire retail real estate that meet its investment standards in its markets; 
 
 the level of rental revenue the Company achieves from its assets; 
 
 the market value of the Company s assets and the supply of, and demand for, the retail real estate in which it invests; 
 
 the state of the U.S. economy generally, or in specific geographic regions; 
 
 the impact of economic conditions on the Company s business; 
 
 the conditions in the local markets in which the Company operates and its concentration in those markets, as well as changes in national economic and market conditions; 
 
 consumer spending and confidence trends; 
 
 the Company s ability to enter into new leases or to renew leases with existing tenants at the properties it owns or acquires at favorable rates; 
 
 the Company s ability to anticipate changes in consumer buying practices and the space needs of tenants; 
 
 the competitive landscape impacting the properties the Company owns or acquires and their tenants; 
 
 the Company s relationships with its tenants and their financial condition and liquidity; 
 
 ROIC s ability to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust for U.S. federal income tax (a REIT 
 
 the Company s use of debt as part of its financing strategy and its ability to make payments or to comply with any covenants under its senior unsecured notes, its unsecured credit facilities or other debt facilities it currently has or subsequently obtains; 
 
 the Company s level of operating expenses, including amounts it is required to pay to its management team; 
 
 changes in interest rates or the Company s credit ratings that could impact the market price of ROIC s common stock and the cost of the Company s borrowings; 
 
 legislative and regulatory changes (including changes to laws governing the taxation of REITs). 
 
 4 

Forward-looking statements are based on estimates as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company disclaims any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements reflecting new estimates, events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The risks included here are not exhaustive. Other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including but not limited to Risk Factors, and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, may include additional factors that could adversely affect the Company s business and financial performance. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on the Company s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 
 
 RISK FACTORY SUMMARY 
 
 An investment in the Company s securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized in Item 1A, Risk Factors included in this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Business and Operations 
 
 There are risks relating to investments in real estate. 
 
 The Company operates in a highly competitive market and competition may limit its ability to acquire desirable assets and to attract and retain tenants. 
 
 The Company may change any of its strategies, policies or procedures without stockholder consent, which could materially and adversely affect its business. 
 
 Capital markets and economic conditions can materially affect the Company s financial condition, its results of operations and the value of its assets. 
 
 Bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants may decrease the Company s revenues and available cash. 
 
 Real estate investments value and income fluctuate due to conditions in the general economy and the real estate business, which may materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to service its debt and expenses. 
 
 Factors affecting the general retail environment could adversely affect the financial condition of the Company s retail tenants and the willingness of retailers to lease space in its shopping centers, and in turn, materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company does not have a formal policy limiting the amount of debt it may incur and its board of directors may change its leverage policy without stockholder consent, which could result in a different risk profile. 
 
 A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could impair the Company s assets and have a material and adverse effect on its income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company s business, results of operations and financial condition have been and in the future may be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or a future public health crisis. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing 
 
 The Company s term loan, credit facility and unsecured senior notes contain restrictive covenants relating to its operations, which could limit the Company s ability to respond to changing market conditions and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Certain of the Company s mortgage financing arrangements and other indebtedness contain provisions that could limit the Company s operating flexibility. 
 5 

Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of the Company s debt payments and materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Financing arrangements that the Company may use to finance its assets may require it to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Organization and Structure 
 
 The Company depends on dividends and distributions from its direct and indirect subsidiaries. The creditors of these subsidiaries are entitled to amounts payable to them by the subsidiaries before the subsidiaries may pay any dividends or distributions to the Company. 
 
 The Company s failure to qualify as a REIT would subject it to U.S. federal income tax and potentially increased state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 
 To maintain its REIT qualification, the Company may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 
 
 The Company cannot assure you of its ability to pay distributions in the future. 

PART I 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, us, our, or our company refer to ROIC together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., a Maryland corporation ROIC commenced operations in October 2009 as a fully integrated, self-managed REIT. The Company specializes in the acquisition, ownership and management of necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers on the west coast of the United States, anchored by supermarkets and drugstores. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio consisted of 94 properties (93 retail and one office) totaling approximately 10.6 million square feet of gross leasable area GLA ). The Company is organized in a traditional umbrella partnership real estate investment trust UpREIT format pursuant to which Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, its wholly-owned subsidiary, serves as the sole general partner of, and ROIC conducts substantially all of its business through, its operating partnership, Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), together with its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, ROIC owned an approximate 93.6 partnership interest and other limited partners owned the remaining 6.4 partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 ROIC s only material assets are its direct or indirect partnership interests in the Operating Partnership and membership interest in Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, which is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As a result, ROIC does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the parent company and through this subsidiary, acts as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all the assets of the Company and directly or indirectly holds the ownership interests in the Company s real estate ventures. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the Company s business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by ROIC, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the Company s business through the Operating Partnership s operations, by the Operating Partnership s incurrence of indebtedness (directly and through subsidiaries) or through the issuance of operating partnership units OP Units of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 The Company seeks to acquire shopping centers located in densely populated, supply-constrained metropolitan markets on the west coast of the United States, which exhibit income and population growth and high barriers to entry. The Company s senior management team has operated in the Company s markets for over 30 years and has established an extensive network of relationships in these markets with key institutional and private property owners, brokers and financial institutions and other 
 6 

real estate operators. The Company s in-depth local and regional market knowledge and expertise provides a distinct competitive advantage in identifying and accessing attractive acquisition opportunities, including properties that are not widely marketed. 
 
 The Company seeks to acquire high quality, necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers anchored by national and regional supermarkets and drugstores that are well-leased, with stable cash flows. Additionally, the Company acquires shopping centers which it believes are candidates for attractive near-term re-tenanting or present other value-enhancement opportunities. Upon acquiring a shopping center, the Company normally commences leasing initiatives aimed at enhancing long-term value through re-leasing below-market space and improving the tenant mix. 
 
 The Company derives revenues primarily from rents and reimbursement payments received from tenants under leases at the Company s properties. The Company focuses on leasing to retailers that provide necessity-based, non-discretionary goods and services, catering to the basic and daily needs of the surrounding community, a majority of which are destination-based and therefore more resistant to competition from e-commerce than other types of retailers. The Company believes necessity-based retailers draw consistent, regular traffic to its shopping centers, which results in stronger sales for its tenants and a more consistent revenue base. Additionally, the Company seeks to maintain a strong and diverse tenant base with a balance of large, long-term leases to major national and regional retailers, including supermarkets, drugstores and discount stores, with small, shorter-term leases to a broad mix of national, regional and local retailers. The Company believes the long-term anchor tenants provide a reliable, stable base of rental revenue, while the shorter-term leases afford the Company the opportunity to drive rental growth, as well as the ongoing flexibility to adapt to evolving consumer trends. 
 
 The Company believes that the current market environment continues to present opportunities for it to further build its portfolio and add additional necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers that meet its investment profile. The Company s long-term objective is to prudently build and maintain a diverse portfolio of necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers aimed at providing stockholders with sustainable, long-term growth and value through all economic cycles. 
 
 In implementing its investment strategy and selecting an asset for acquisition, the Company analyzes the fundamental qualities of the asset, the inherent strengths and weaknesses of its market, sub-market drivers and trends, and potential risks and risk mitigants facing the property. The Company believes that its acquisition process and operational expertise provide it with the capability to identify and properly underwrite investment opportunities. 
 
 The Company s aim is to seek to provide diversification of assets, tenant exposures, lease terms and locations in its portfolio. In order to capitalize on the changing sets of investment opportunities that may be present in the various points of an economic cycle, the Company may expand or refocus its investment strategy. The Company s investment strategy may be amended from time to time, if approved by its board of directors. The Company is not required to seek stockholder approval when amending its investment strategy. 
 
 Transactions During 2022 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Property Asset Acquisitions 
 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company acquired the property known as Olympia Square North, located in Olympia, Washington, within the Seattle metropolitan area, for an adjusted purchase price of approximately 18.4 million. Olympia Square North is approximately 90,000 square feet and is anchored by Albertsons Supermarket. The property was acquired with cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company acquired the property known as Powell Valley Junction, located in Gresham, Oregon, within the Portland metropolitan area, for an adjusted purchase price of approximately 17.7 million. Powell Valley Junction is approximately 109,000 square feet and is anchored by Walmart Neighborhood Market. The property was acquired with cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company acquired the property known as Village Oaks Shopping Center, located in Martinez, California, within the San Francisco metropolitan area, for an adjusted purchase price of approximately 24.1 million. Village Oaks Shopping Center is approximately 80,000 square feet and is anchored by Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket. The property was acquired with cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 7 

On August 19, 2022, the Company acquired two properties known as Ballinger Village, located in Shoreline, Washington, within the Seattle metropolitan area, and Thomas Lake Shopping Center located in Mill Creek, Washington, within the Seattle metropolitan area, for an adjusted purchase price of approximately 29.3 million and 31.1 million, respectively. Ballinger Village is approximately 111,000 square feet and is anchored by Thriftway Supermarket and Rite Aid Pharmacy. Thomas Lake Shopping Center is approximately 111,000 square feet and is anchored by Albertsons Supermarket and Rite Aid Pharmacy. These properties were acquired by the Company using proceeds from the sale of one of its shopping centers, discussed below, as well as cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 Property Asset Dispositions 
 
 On August 19, 2022, in connection with the acquisitions of Ballinger Village and Thomas Lake Shopping Center discussed above, the Company sold Aurora Square, a shopping center located in Shoreline, Washington. The sales price of 36.2 million, less costs to sell, resulted in net proceeds of approximately 34.4 million. The Company recorded a gain on sale of real estate of approximately 7.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to this property disposition. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 The Company employs prudent amounts of leverage and uses debt as a means of providing funds for the acquisition of its properties and the diversification of its portfolio. The Company seeks to primarily utilize unsecured debt in order to maintain liquidity and flexibility in its capital structure. 
 
 Term Loan and Credit Facility 
 
 The Operating Partnership has an unsecured term loan (the term loan with several banks under which the lenders agreed to provide a 300.0 million unsecured term loan facility. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement (as amended, the Term Loan Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the term loan was extended from September 8, 2022 to January 20, 2025, without further options for extension. The Term Loan Agreement also provides that the Operating Partnership may from time to time request increased aggregate commitments of 200.0 million under certain conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, including the consent of the lenders for the additional commitments. Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to an applicable rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, plus, as applicable, (i) a London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR rate determined by reference to the cost of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the relevant period (the Eurodollar Rate ), or (ii) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the rate of interest announced by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00 . 
 
 The Operating Partnership has an unsecured revolving credit facility (the credit facility with several banks. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Facility Agreement pursuant to which the borrowing capacity under the credit facility is 600.0 million and the maturity date of the credit facility was extended from September 8, 2021 to February 20, 2024, with two six-month extension options, which may be exercised by the Operating Partnership upon satisfaction of certain conditions including the payment of extension fees. Additionally, the Credit Facility Agreement contains an accordion feature, which allows the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity under the credit facility up to an aggregate of 1.2 billion, subject to lender consents and other conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to an applicable rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, plus, as applicable, (i) the Eurodollar Rate, or (ii) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the rate of interest announced by KeyBank, National Association as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 0.90 . Additionally, the Operating Partnership is obligated to pay a facility fee at a rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, currently 0.20 , and a fronting fee at a rate of 0.125 per year with respect to each letter of credit issued under the Credit Facility Agreement, of which the Operating Partnership had none outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Company has investment grade credit ratings from Moody s Investors Service (Baa2), S P Global Ratings (BBB-) and Fitch Ratings (BBB). 
 
 The Operating Partnership s debt agreements contain customary representations, financial and other covenants, and its ability to borrow under these agreements is subject to its compliance with financial covenants and other restrictions on an ongoing basis. The Company was in compliance with such covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 8 

As of December 31, 2022, 300.0 million and 88.0 million were outstanding under the term loan and credit facility, respectively. The weighted average interest rates on the term loan and the credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.7 and 3.1 , respectively. As discussed in Note 11 of the accompanying financial statements, the Company has historically used interest rate swaps to help manage its interest rate risk. The Company s four interest rate swaps matured effective August 31, 2022, and accordingly the interest rate on the term loan was no longer effectively fixed and outstanding borrowings under the term loan became subject to a variable interest rate, as detailed above, effective September 1, 2022. The Company had no available borrowings under the term loan at December 31, 2022. The Company had 512.0 million available to borrow under the credit facility at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Mortgage Notes Payable 
 
 On March 1, 2022, the Company repaid in full the mortgage note related to Casitas Plaza Shopping Center for a total of approximately 6.6 million, without penalty, in accordance with the prepayment provisions of the note. Additionally, on March 31, 2022, the Company repaid in full the mortgage note related to Riverstone Marketplace for a total of approximately 16.7 million without penalty, in accordance with the prepayment provisions of the note. 
 
 ATM Equity Offering 
 
 On February 20, 2020, ROIC entered into an at the market sales agreement, as amended on April 27, 2022 (the Sales Agreement ), with each of (i) KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BTIG, LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Capital One Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc., Regions Securities LLC, Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (collectively, the Agents and (ii) the Forward Purchasers (as defined below), pursuant to which ROIC may sell, from time to time, shares (any such shares, the Primary Shares of ROIC s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), to or through the Agents and instruct certain of the Agents, acting as forward sellers (the Forward Sellers ), to offer and sell borrowed shares (any such shares, Forward Hedge Shares, and collectively with the Primary Shares, the Shares with the Shares to be sold under the Sales Agreement having an aggregate offering price of up to 500.0 million. 
 
 The Sales Agreement contemplates that, in addition to the issuance and sale of Primary Shares to or through the Agents as principal or its sales agents, ROIC may enter into separate forward sale agreements with any of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC or their respective affiliates (in such capacity, the Forward Purchasers ). If ROIC enters into a forward sale agreement with any Forward Purchaser, ROIC expects that such Forward Purchaser or its affiliate will borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of Forward Hedge Shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement, in accordance with the mutually accepted instructions related to such forward sale agreement. ROIC will not initially receive any proceeds from any sale of Forward Hedge Shares through a Forward Seller. ROIC expects to fully physically settle each particular forward sale agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on one or more dates specified by ROIC on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement by issuing shares of Common Stock (the Confirmation Shares ), in which case ROIC expects to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, ROIC may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case ROIC may not receive any proceeds from the issuance of shares of Common Stock, and ROIC will instead receive or pay cash (in the case of cash settlement) or receive or deliver shares of Common Stock (in the case of net share settlement). 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, ROIC sold a total of 1,288,213 shares under the Sales Agreement, which resulted in gross proceeds of approximately 25.2 million and commissions of approximately 252,000 paid to the Agents. 
 
 The Company plans to finance future acquisitions through a combination of operating cashflow, borrowings under the credit facility, the assumption of existing mortgage debt, the issuance of equity securities including OP Units, equity and debt offerings, and the potential sale of existing assets. 
 
 Business Segments 
 
 The Company s primary business is the ownership, management, and redevelopment of retail real estate properties. The Company reviews operating and financial information for each property on an individual basis and therefore, each property represents an individual operating segment. The Company evaluates financial performance using property operating income, defined as operating revenues (rental revenue and other income), less property and related expenses (property operating expenses and property taxes). The Company has aggregated the properties into one reportable segment as the properties share 
 9 

similar long-term economic characteristics and have other similarities including the fact that they are operated using consistent business strategies, are typically located in major metropolitan areas, and have similar tenant mixes. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 The following discussion describes certain material U.S. federal laws and regulations that may affect the Company s operations and those of its tenants. However, the discussion does not address state laws and regulations, except as otherwise indicated. These state laws and regulations, like the U.S. federal laws and regulations, could affect the Company s operations and those of its tenants. 
 
 Generally, real estate properties are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations. Changes in any of these laws or regulations, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response and Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, increase the potential liability for environmental conditions or circumstances existing or created by tenants or others on the properties. In addition, laws affecting development, construction, operation, upkeep, safety and taxation requirements may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, loss of real estate property sites or other impairments, which would adversely affect its cash flows from operating activities. 
 
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the Americans with Disabilities Act all places of public accommodation are required to meet certain U.S. federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws also exist that may require modifications to properties, or restrict certain further renovations thereof, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any non-complying feature which could result in substantial capital expenditures. To the extent the Company s properties are not in compliance, the Company may incur additional costs to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
 
 Property management activities are often subject to state real estate brokerage laws and regulations as determined by the particular real estate commission for each state. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Pursuant to U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be required to investigate, remove and/or remediate a release of hazardous substances or other regulated materials at or emanating from such property. Further, under certain circumstances, such owners or operators of real property may be held liable for property damage, personal injury and/or natural resource damage resulting from or arising in connection with such releases. Certain of these laws have been interpreted to be joint and several unless the harm is divisible and there is a reasonable basis for allocation of responsibility. The failure to properly remediate the property may also adversely affect the owner s ability to lease, sell or rent the property or to borrow funds using the property as collateral. 
 
 In connection with the ownership, operation and management of the Company s current properties and any properties that it may acquire and/or manage in the future, the Company could be legally responsible for environmental liabilities or costs relating to a release of hazardous substances or other regulated materials at or emanating from such property. In order to assess the potential for such liability, the Company conducts an environmental assessment of each property prior to acquisition and manages its properties in accordance with environmental laws while it owns or operates them. All of its leases contain a comprehensive environmental provision that requires tenants to conduct all activities in compliance with environmental laws and to indemnify the owner for any harm caused by the failure to do so. In addition, the Company has engaged qualified, reputable and adequately insured environmental consulting firms to perform environmental site assessments of its properties and is not aware of any environmental issues that are expected to materially impact the financial condition of the Company. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The Company believes that competition for the acquisition, operation and development of retail properties is highly fragmented. The Company competes with numerous owners, operators and developers for acquisitions and development of retail properties, including institutional investors, other REITs and other owner-operators of necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers, primarily anchored by supermarkets and drugstores, some of which own or may in the future own properties similar to the Company s in the same markets in which its properties are located. The Company also faces competition in leasing available space to prospective tenants at its properties. The actual competition for tenants varies depending upon the characteristics of each local market (including current economic conditions) in which the Company owns and manages property. The Company believes that the principal competitive factors in attracting tenants in its market areas are location, demographics, price, the presence of anchor stores and the appearance of properties. 
 10 

Many of the Company s competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, marketing and other resources than the Company. Other entities may raise significant amounts of capital and may have investment objectives that overlap with those of the Company, which may create additional competition for opportunities to acquire assets. In the future, competition from these entities may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities offered to the Company or increase the bargaining power of property owners seeking to sell. Further, as a result of their greater resources, such entities may have more flexibility than the Company does in their ability to offer rental concessions to attract tenants. If the Company s competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates the Company currently charges its tenants, the Company may lose potential tenants and it may be pressured to reduce its rental rates below those it currently charges in order to retain tenants when its tenants leases expire. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 70 employees, including 19 maintenance employees at its shopping centers and three executive officers, one of whom is also a member of its board of directors. The Company believes that its talented and committed employees are the foundation of its success and supporting employees, tenants and communities is at the heart of the Company s business model. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion. The Company values and advances a diverse and inclusive workplace and strives to create equal opportunities for all current and future employees. As an equal opportunity employer, the Company is committed to maintaining an equitable workplace that is free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, or other statuses protected by applicable federal, state, and local law. The Company does not tolerate disrespectful or inappropriate behavior, harassment, unfair treatment or retaliation of any kind, and has instituted annual diversity and inclusion training for all ROIC employees. 
 
 The Company believes that its success is dependent upon the diverse backgrounds and perspectives of its employees and directors and strives to build a culture that is collaborative, diverse, supportive and inclusive. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 50 of the Company s employees identified as a racial or ethnic minority and approximately 70 of the Company s employees were female. In 2020, the Company also adopted environmental, social and governance ESG metrics as part of its long-term incentive compensation plan that included holding a diversity and inclusion training for employees. Following the initial training, this is now required annually. 
 
 Training and Education. The Company supports the continual development of its employees by providing educational and training opportunities to help advance their personal and professional growth and skills, including accounting and continuing education classes, professional certifications, software training and industry workshops and seminars, in addition to diversity and inclusion training and harassment training, for both supervisors and non-supervisors. 
 
 Employee Wellness and Benefits. The physical and mental health and wellness of the Company s employees is paramount. The Company provides employees with competitive compensation and a wide range of benefits including comprehensive medical and dental insurance coverage, short and long-term disability benefits, a 401(K) retirement program with matching, vacation, sick and personal leave, flexible work arrangements, flexible savings accounts, and other benefits. 
 
 Community Engagement. The Company s properties provide essential services to the communities in which they are located and the Company understands that they play an important role in making these communities better places to live and work. The Company is committed to making a positive impact in its communities and engages in community activities such as hosting and/or sponsoring free or not-for-profit led community events at its properties throughout the year. 
 
 ESG Highlights 
 
 2022 Green Lease Leader 
 
 The Company was awarded the Gold level designation for the second year in a row by the U.S. Department of Energy s Better Buildings Alliance and Institute for Market Transformation due to its efforts to incorporate energy efficiency, cost savings, air quality and sustainability criteria into lease agreements. 
 
 11 

Sustainability Reporting 
 
 The Company responded to the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark for the first time in 2021. 
 
 The Company reported in line with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, disclosing information sought by investors. 
 
 Energy Management and Clean Energy Infrastructure 
 
 The Company continues to focus on improving energy efficiency at all of its properties and achieved a 15 year-over-year reduction (at like-for-like properties) in energy usage from 2020 to 2021. 
 
 The Company is implementing measures such as leasing its roof space to solar companies and installing electric vehicle EV charging stations, smart irrigation controllers and LED lighting, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company has: 
 
 Solar agreements at nine of its properties, representing approximately 18 of its portfolio by gross leasable area. 
 
 65 EV charging stations at eight of its properties and has entered into agreements to add an additional 23 EV charging stations across a collective four properties within the next twelve months. 
 
 Installed smart irrigation controllers and monitoring systems at 17 California shopping centers located in drought-vulnerable regions. 
 
 Converted the common area lighting to LED at nine shopping centers. 
 
 Additional information regarding the Company s human capital programs and initiatives is available in the Company s ESG Report, which can be found on the Company s website. Information on the Company s website, including its ESG Report, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 The Company files its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The Company s website is www.roireit.net . The Company s reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on its Website as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The contents of the Company s website are not incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 12 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Business and Operations 
 
 There are risks relating to investments in real estate. 
 
 Real property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk. Real estate values are affected by a number of factors, including: changes in the general economic climate, local conditions (such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in an area), the quality and philosophy of management, competition from other available space, the ability of the owner to provide adequate maintenance and insurance and to control variable operating costs, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemics and other public health crises, wars, terrorist activities and other factors in the areas in which the properties are located. Shopping centers, in particular, may be affected by changing perceptions of retailers or shoppers regarding the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the shopping center, increasing consumer purchases through online retail websites and catalogs, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector and by the overall climate for the retail industry generally. Real estate values are also affected by such factors as government regulations, interest rate levels, the availability of financing and potential liability under, and changes in, environmental, zoning, tax and other laws. A significant portion of the Company s income is derived from rental income from real property. The Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to service its debt obligations could be materially and adversely affected if a significant number of its tenants were unable to meet their obligations, or if it were unable to lease on economically favorable terms a significant amount of space in its properties. In the event of default by a tenant, the Company may experience delays in enforcing, and incur substantial costs to enforce, its rights as a landlord. In addition, certain significant expenditures associated with each equity investment (such as mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs) are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investment. 
 
 The Company operates in a highly competitive market and competition may limit its ability to acquire desirable assets and to attract and retain tenants. 
 
 The Company operates in a highly competitive market. The Company s profitability depends, in large part, on its ability to acquire its assets at favorable prices and on trends impacting the retail industry in general, national, regional and local economic conditions, financial condition and operating results of current and prospective tenants and customers, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations, legislation and population trends. Many of the Company s competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, marketing and other resources than it does. Other entities may raise significant amounts of capital and may have investment objectives that overlap with the Company s. In addition, the properties that the Company acquires may face competition from similar properties in the same market, as well as from e-commerce websites. The presence of competitive alternatives affects the Company s ability to lease space and the level of rents it can obtain. New construction, renovations and expansions at competing sites could also negatively affect the Company s properties. 
 
 The Company may change any of its strategies, policies or procedures without stockholder consent, which could materially and adversely affect its business. 
 
 The Company may change any of its strategies, policies or procedures with respect to acquisitions, asset allocation, growth, operations, indebtedness, financing strategy and distributions, including those related to maintaining its REIT qualification, at any time without the consent of its stockholders, which could result in making acquisitions that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the types of acquisitions described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A change in the Company s strategy may increase its exposure to real estate market fluctuations, financing risk, default risk and interest rate risk. Furthermore, a change in the Company s asset allocation could result in the Company making acquisitions in asset categories different from those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These changes could materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company s directors are subject to potential conflicts of interest. 
 
 The Company s executive officers and directors may face conflicts of interest. Except for Messrs. Tanz, Haines and Schoebel, none of the Company s executive officers or directors are required to commit substantially all of their business time to the Company. Also, in the course of their other business activities, the Company s directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to the Company as well as the other entities with which they are 
 13 

affiliated. They may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 
 As a result of multiple business affiliations, the Company s non-management directors may have legal obligations relating to presenting opportunities to acquire one or more properties, portfolios or real estate-related debt investments to other entities. The Company s non-management directors (including the Company s non-executive Chairman) may present such opportunities to the other entities to which they owe pre-existing fiduciary duties before presenting such opportunities to the Company. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when the Company s board of directors evaluates a particular opportunity. 
 
 Capital markets and economic conditions can materially affect the Company s financial condition, its results of operations and the value of its assets. 
 
 There are many factors that can affect the value of the Company s assets, including the state of the capital markets and the economy. Any reduction in available financing may materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to achieve its financial objectives. Concern about the stability of the markets generally may limit the Company s ability and the ability of its tenants to timely refinance maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs. Although the Company will factor in these conditions in acquiring its assets, its long-term success depends in part on general economic conditions and the stability and dependability of the financing market for retail real estate. If the national economy or the local economies in which the Company operates were to experience uncertainty, or if general economic conditions were to worsen, the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Bankruptcy or insolvency of tenants may decrease the Company s revenues and available cash. 
 
 In the case of many retail properties, the bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant could cause the Company to suffer lower revenues and operational difficulties and could allow other tenants to exercise so-called kick-out clauses in their leases and terminate their lease or reduce their rents prior to the normal expiration of their lease terms. As a result, the bankruptcy or insolvency of major tenants could materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Inflation or deflation may materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Increased inflation could have a pronounced negative impact on the Company s property operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than the Company s rents. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending which could impact the Company s tenants sales and, in turn, the Company s percentage rents, where applicable, and the willingness and ability of tenants to enter into or renew leases and/or honor their obligations under existing leases. Conversely, deflation could lead to downward pressure on rents and other sources of income. 
 
 Compliance or failure to comply with safety regulations and requirements could result in substantial costs. 
 
 The Company s properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If the Company fails to comply with these requirements, it could incur fines or private damage awards. The Company does not know whether compliance with the requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures that could affect its income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company expects to acquire additional properties and this may create risks. 
 
 The Company expects to acquire additional properties consistent with its investment strategies. The Company may not, however, succeed in consummating desired acquisitions on time, within budget or at all. In addition, the Company may face competition in pursuing acquisition opportunities, which could result in increased acquisition costs. When the Company does pursue a project or acquisition, it may not succeed in leasing newly acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover its costs of acquisition. Difficulties in integrating acquisitions may prove costly or time-consuming and could result in poorer than anticipated performance. The Company may also abandon acquisition opportunities that it has begun pursuing and consequently 
 14 

fail to recover expenses already incurred. Furthermore, acquisitions of new properties will expose the Company to the liabilities of those properties, including, for example, liabilities for clean-up of disclosed or undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons in respect of events transpiring or conditions existing before the Company s acquisition and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of properties. 
 
 In the event the Company seeks to redevelop existing properties, these projects could be subject to delays or other risks and might not yield the returns anticipated, which would harm the Company s financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The Company may selectively engage in redevelopment projects at certain of its properties. To the extent the Company enters into redevelopment projects, it will be subject to a number of risks that could negatively affect its return on investment, financial condition, results of operations and the Company s ability to make distributions to stockholders, including, among others: 
 
 higher than anticipated construction costs, including labor, materials and higher than anticipated financing costs; 
 
 delayed ability or inability to reach projected occupancy, rental rates, profitability, and investment return; 
 
 timing delays due to weather, labor disruptions, supply chain disruptions, zoning or other regulatory approvals, tenant decision delays, delays in anchor approvals of redevelopment plans, where required, acts of God (such as fires, significant storms, earthquakes or floods), pandemics and other public health crises, wars, terrorist activities and other factors outside the Company s control, which might make a project less profitable or unprofitable, or delay profitability; and 
 
 expenditure of money and time on projects that might be significantly delayed before stabilization. 
 
 If a project is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting its expectations when operational or was not completed according to the project planning, the Company could lose its investment in the project or have to incur an impairment charge relating to the asset or development which could then adversely impact the Company s financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The Company faces risks associated with the development and redevelopment of mixed-use commercial properties. 
 
 The Company may continue to expand its investment focus to include more complex mixed-use development and redevelopment projects that pose unique risks to the Company s return on investment. Mixed-use projects refer to real estate projects that, in addition to retail space, may also include space for residential, office, hotel or other commercial purposes. The Company has less experience in developing and redeveloping and managing non-retail real estate than it does retail real estate. As a result, if a development or redevelopment project includes a non-retail use, the Company may seek to develop that component itself, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer, or partner with a developer. The Company may be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development or redevelopment of retail real estate, but also to risks associated with developing, owning, operating or selling non-retail real estate, with which the Company has less experience, including but not limited to complex entitlement processes. These unique risks may adversely impact the return on investment in these mixed-use development or redevelopment projects. If the Company sells the non-retail components, the Company s retail component may be impacted by the decisions made by the other owners, and actions of those occupying the non-retail spaces in these mixed-use properties. If the Company partners with a developer, the Company might be dependent upon the partner s ability to perform and to agree on major decisions that impact the Company s investment returns of the project. In addition, there is a risk that the non-retail developer may default on its obligations necessitating that the Company complete the other components itself, including providing necessary financing. 
 
 Factors affecting the general retail environment could adversely affect the financial condition of the Company s retail tenants and the willingness of retailers to lease space in its shopping centers, and in turn, materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company s properties are focused on the retail real estate market. This means that the performance of the Company s properties will be impacted by general retail market conditions, including the level of consumer spending and consumer confidence, changing perceptions of retailers or shoppers regarding the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the shopping centers, and increasing competition from online retail websites and catalog companies. In addition, the retail business is highly competitive and the Company s tenants may fail to differentiate their shopping experiences, create an attractive value proposition or execute their business strategies. Furthermore, the Company believes that the increase in digital and mobile technology usage has increased the speed of the transition from shopping at physical locations to web-based purchases and that its tenants may be negatively affected by these changing consumer spending habits. These conditions could adversely affect the 
 15 

financial condition of the Company s retail tenants and the willingness and ability of retailers to lease space, or renew existing leases, in the Company s shopping centers and to honor their obligations under existing leases, and in turn, materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company s growth depends on external sources of capital, which may not be available in the future. 
 
 In order to maintain its qualification as a REIT, the Company is required under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the Code to annually distribute at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain. Because of these distribution requirements, the Company may not be able to fund all future capital needs, including acquisitions, from income from operations. After the Company invests its cash on hand, it expects to depend primarily on the credit facility and other external financing (including debt and equity financings) to fund the growth of its business. The Company s access to debt or equity financing depends on the willingness of third parties to lend or make equity investments and on conditions in the capital markets generally. As a result of changing economic conditions, the Company may be limited in its ability to obtain additional financing or to refinance existing debt maturities on favorable terms or at all and there can be no assurances as to when financing conditions will improve. 
 
 The Company does not have a formal policy limiting the amount of debt it may incur and its board of directors may change its leverage policy without stockholder consent, which could result in a different risk profile. 
 
 Although the Company s charter and bylaws do not limit the amount of indebtedness the Company can incur, the Company s policy is to employ prudent amounts of leverage and use debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of its assets and the diversification of its portfolio. The amount of leverage the Company will deploy for particular investments will depend upon its management team s assessment of a variety of factors, which may include the anticipated liquidity and price volatility of the assets in its portfolio, the potential for losses, the availability and cost of financing the assets, the Company s opinion of the creditworthiness of its financing counterparties, the health of the U.S. economy and commercial mortgage markets, the Company s outlook for the level, slope and volatility of interest rates, the credit quality of the tenants occupying space at the Company s properties, and the need for the Company to comply with financial covenants contained in the Company s credit agreements. The Company s board of directors may change its leverage policies at any time without the consent of its stockholders, which could result in an investment portfolio with a different risk profile. 
 
 The Company could be adversely affected if it or any of its subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as amended (the 1940 Act ). 
 
 The Company conducts its operations so that neither it, nor the Operating Partnership nor any of the Company s other subsidiaries, is required to register as investment companies under the 1940 Act. If the Company, the Operating Partnership or the Company s other subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company but fail to do so, the unregistered entity would be prohibited from engaging in certain business, and criminal and civil actions could be brought against such entity. In addition, the contracts of such entity would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of the entity and liquidate its business. 
 
 Real estate investments value and income fluctuate due to conditions in the general economy and the real estate business, which may materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to service its debt and expenses. 
 
 The value of real estate fluctuates depending on conditions in the general and local economy and the real estate business. These conditions may also limit the Company s revenues and available cash. The rents the Company receives and the occupancy levels at its properties may decline as a result of adverse changes in conditions in the general economy and the real estate business. If rental revenues and/or occupancy levels decline, the Company generally would expect to have less cash available to pay indebtedness and for distribution to its stockholders. In addition, some of the Company s major expenses, including mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, generally do not decline when the related rents decline. 
 
 The lack of liquidity of the Company s assets could materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders, and could materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to value and sell its assets. 
 
 Real estate investments are relatively difficult to buy and sell quickly. As a result, the Company expects many of its investments will be illiquid and if it is required to liquidate all or a portion of its portfolio quickly, it may realize significantly less than the value at which it had previously recorded its investments. 
 
 16 

The Company depends on leasing space to tenants on economically favorable terms and collecting rent from tenants, some of whom may not be able to pay. 
 
 The Company s financial results depend significantly on leasing space in its properties to tenants on economically favorable terms. In addition, as a substantial majority of the Company s revenue comes from renting real property, the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders could be materially and adversely affected if a significant number of its tenants cannot pay their rent or if the Company is not able to maintain occupancy levels on favorable terms. If a tenant does not pay its rent, the Company may not be able to enforce its rights as landlord without delays and may incur substantial legal costs. 
 
 Some of the Company s properties depend on anchor stores or major tenants to attract shoppers and could be materially and adversely affected by the loss of or a store closure by one or more of these tenants. 
 
 The Company s shopping centers are primarily anchored by national and regional supermarkets and drug stores. The value of the retail properties the Company acquires could be materially and adversely affected if these tenants fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations. Adverse economic or other conditions may result in the closure of existing stores by tenants which may result in increased vacancies at the Company s properties. Any periods of significant vacancies for the Company s properties could materially and adversely impact the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Loss of revenues from major tenants could reduce the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company derives significant revenues from anchor tenants such as Albertsons / Safeway Supermarkets, Kroger Supermarkets and Rite Aid Pharmacy. As of December 31, 2022, these tenants are the Company s three largest tenants and accounted for 5.7 , 3.2 and 1.7 , respectively, of its annualized base rent on a pro-rata basis. In October 2022, Albertsons Companies, Inc., the owner of the Albertsons / Safeway brands, and The Kroger Company announced an intention to merge that is currently undergoing regulatory review. The Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders could be materially and adversely affected by the loss of revenues in the event a major tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, experiences a downturn in its business, materially defaults on its leases, does not renew its leases as they expire, or renews at lower rental rates. 
 
 The Company s inability to receive reimbursements of Common Area Maintenance CAM costs from tenants could adversely affect the Company s cash flow. 
 
 CAM costs typically include allocable energy costs, repairs, maintenance and capital improvements to common areas, janitorial services, administrative, property and liability insurance costs and security costs. The Company may acquire properties with leases with variable CAM provisions that adjust to reflect inflationary increases or leases with a fixed CAM payment methodology which fixes its tenants CAM contributions. With respect to both variable and fixed payment methodologies, the amount of reimbursements for CAM costs that the Company is entitled to receive from its tenants pursuant to the terms of the respective lease agreements may be less than the actual CAM costs at the Company s properties. The Company s inability to recover or pass on CAM costs to its tenants, whether due to the terms of the Company s leases or vacancies at the Company s properties, could adversely affect the Company s cash flow. 
 
 The Company may incur costs to comply with environmental laws. 
 
 The Company s operations and properties are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the protection of the environment, including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic substances and health and safety. Under some environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property. The owner or operator may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage or personal injuries and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by those parties because of the contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of the release of the substances or caused the release. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may impair the Company s ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. Other laws and regulations govern indoor and outdoor air quality including those that can require the abatement or removal of asbestos- 
 17 

containing materials in the event of damage, demolition, renovation or remodeling and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. The maintenance and removal of lead paint and certain electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls PCBs and underground storage tanks are also regulated by federal and state laws. The Company is also subject to risks associated with human exposure to chemical or biological contaminants such as molds, pollens, viruses and bacteria which, above certain levels, can be alleged to be connected to allergic or other health effects and symptoms in susceptible individuals. The Company could incur fines for environmental compliance and be held liable for the costs of remedial action with respect to the foregoing regulated substances or tanks or related claims arising out of environmental contamination or human exposure to contamination at or from its properties. Identification of compliance concerns or undiscovered areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, discovery of additional sites, human exposure to the contamination or changes in cleanup or compliance requirements could result in significant costs to the Company. Moreover, compliance with new laws or regulations such as those related to climate change, including compliance with green building codes, or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditures by the Company. 
 
 The Company faces risks associated with security breaches through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of its information technology IT networks and related systems. 
 
 The Company faces risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside the Company or persons with access to systems inside the Company, and other significant disruptions of the Company s IT networks and related systems, including due to defects in design, equipment or system failures, human error and natural disasters. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. The Company s IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of its business and its ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing its building systems). There can be no assurance that the Company s efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. A security breach or other significant disruption involving the Company s IT networks and related systems could materially and adversely impact the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and other resources from the Company to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand the Company s technologies, systems and processes to adequately address them and provide periodic training for the Company s employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware and other schemes. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that the Company s efforts will be effective. Additionally, the Company relies on third-party service providers for certain aspects of the Company s business. The Company can provide no assurance that the networks and systems that the Company s third-party vendors have established or use will be effective. As the Company s reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to the Company s information systems, both internal and those provided by the Company and third-party service providers. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and its service providers collect and retain certain personal information provided by employees, tenants and vendors. The Company also relies extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage its business. The Company can provide no assurance that the data security measures designed to protect confidential information on the Company s systems established by the Company and the Company s service providers will be able to prevent unauthorized access to this personal information or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 
 
 The Company s business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 
 
 Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for the Company s internal IT systems, its systems are vulnerable to damage from any number of sources, including computer viruses, unauthorized access, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in the Company s operations could result in a material disruption to its business. The Company may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. 
 
 18 

A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession or declining real estate values could impair the Company s assets and have a material and adverse effect on its income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company believes the risks associated with its business will be more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession if these periods are accompanied by declining real estate values. Declines in real estate values, among other factors, could result in a determination that the Company s assets have been impaired. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, the Company would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations in the period in which the impairment charge is recorded. Although the Company will take current economic conditions into account in acquiring its assets, the Company s long-term success, and the value of its assets, depends in part on general economic conditions and other factors beyond the Company s control. If the national economy or the local economies in which the Company operates experience uncertainty, or if general economic conditions were to worsen, the value of the Company s properties could decline, and the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders, could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Loss of key personnel could harm the Company s operations. 
 
 The Company is dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel of its senior management team. While the Company has employment contracts with each of Messrs. Tanz, Haines and Schoebel, the loss of the services of any of these individuals could harm the Company s operations and have a material and adverse effect on its income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Under their employment agreements, certain members of the Company s senior management team will have certain rights to terminate their employment and receive severance in connection with a change in control of the Company. 
 
 The Company s employment agreements with each of Messrs. Tanz, Haines and Schoebel, which provide that, upon termination of his employment (i) by the applicable officer within 12 months following the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the employment agreement), (ii) by the Company without cause (as defined in the employment agreement), (iii) by the applicable officer for good reason (as defined in the employment agreement), (iv) by non-renewal of the applicable officer s employment agreement or (v) by reason of the applicable officer s death or disability (as defined in the employment agreement), such executive officers would be entitled to certain termination or severance payments made by the Company (which may include a lump sum payment equal to defined percentages of annual salary and prior years average bonuses, paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the respective agreement). In addition, the vesting of all his outstanding unvested equity-based incentives and awards would accelerate. These provisions make it costly to terminate their employment and could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control of the Company that might involve a premium paid for shares of its common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of its stockholders. 
 
 Joint venture investments could be materially and adversely affected by the Company s lack of sole decision-making authority or reliance on a joint venture partner s financial condition. 
 
 The Company may enter into joint venture arrangements in the future. Investments in joint ventures involve risks that are not otherwise present with properties which the Company owns entirely. In a joint venture investment, the Company may not have exclusive control or sole decision-making authority over the development, financing, leasing, management and other aspects of these investments. As a result, the joint venture partner might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with the Company s goals or interests, take action contrary to the Company s interests or otherwise impede the Company s objectives. Joint venture investments involve risks and uncertainties, including the risk of the joint venture partner failing to provide capital and fulfill its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to the Company for guarantees and other commitments, the risk of conflicts arising between the Company and its partners and the difficulty of managing and resolving such conflicts, and the difficulty of managing or otherwise monitoring such business arrangements. The joint venture partner also might become insolvent or bankrupt, which may result in significant losses to the Company. Further, although the Company may own a controlling interest in a joint venture and may have authority over major decisions such as the sale or refinancing of investment properties, the Company may have fiduciary duties to the joint venture partners or the joint venture itself that may cause, or require, it to take or refrain from taking actions that it would otherwise take if it owned the investment properties outright. In addition, in the case of mixed-use redevelopment with a joint venture partner, the Company might be 
 19 

exposed to risks associated with developing, owning, operating or selling non-retail real estate, with which the Company has less experience than with the risks associated with retail real estate. 
 
 Uninsured losses or a loss in excess of insured limits could materially and adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company carries comprehensive general liability, fire, extended coverage, loss of rent insurance, and environmental liability where applicable on its properties, with policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar properties. There are certain types of losses, such as losses resulting from wars or acts of God that generally are not insured because they are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, the Company could lose capital invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from a property, while remaining obligated for any mortgage indebtedness, or other financial obligations or liabilities related to the property. Any loss of these types could materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company could be materially and adversely affected by poor market conditions where its properties are geographically concentrated. 
 
 The Company s performance depends on the economic conditions in markets in which its properties are concentrated. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s properties in California, Washington and Oregon accounted for 64 , 22 and 14 , respectively, of its consolidated property operating income. The Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders could be materially and adversely affected by this geographic concentration if market conditions, such as an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in an area, deteriorate in California, Washington or Oregon. Moreover, due to the geographic concentration of its properties, the Company may be disproportionately affected by general risks such as natural disasters, including major fires, floods and earthquakes, severe or inclement weather, local regulatory requirements, and acts of terrorism should such developments occur in or near the markets in California, Washington or Oregon in which the Company s properties are located. 
 
 Should the Company decide at some point in the future to expand into new markets, it may not be successful, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s properties are concentrated in California, Washington and Oregon. If the opportunity arises, the Company may explore acquisitions of properties in new markets inside or outside of these states. Each of the risks applicable to the Company s ability to successfully acquire, integrate and operate properties in its current markets may also apply to its ability to successfully acquire, integrate and operate properties in new markets. In addition to these risks, the Company s management team may not possess the same level of knowledge with respect to market dynamics and conditions of any new market in which the Company may attempt to expand, which could materially and adversely affect its ability to operate in any such markets. The Company may be unable to obtain the desired returns on its investments in these new markets, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company s business, results of operations and financial condition have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or a future public health crisis . 
 The Company derives substantially all of its revenues from rents and reimbursement payments received from tenants under lease agreements at the Company s properties and, accordingly, the Company s business is dependent on the ability of tenants to meet their obligations to the Company under such lease agreements. The businesses of the Company s tenants were significantly impacted following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic due to numerous factors, including preventive measures taken by local, state and federal authorities to alleviate the public health crisis, such as shelter-in-place or stay-at-home orders, mandatory business closures and restrictions on business operations, quarantines, restrictions on travel, restrictions on gatherings, and social distancing practices. These restrictions have been lifted and all of the Company s tenants are generally operating at pre-pandemic levels; however, resurgences and the evolution of new COVID-19 variants have caused and may continue to cause additional outbreaks. A worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the onset of another public health crisis, could have material and adverse effects on the Company s business, income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects and ability to service the Company s debt obligations and the Company s ability to pay dividends and other distributions to the Company s stockholders due to, among other factors: 
 
 20 

the operations of the Company s tenants could again be impacted by measures taken to prevent or alleviate a public health crisis and other factors, which could (i) adversely affect the ability of tenants to meet their obligations to the Company under lease agreements or result in tenant bankruptcies, and (ii) adversely affect the Company s ability to collect rents, lease space and negotiate and maintain favorable rents, which could lead to a decline in occupancy and rental revenues; 
 
 a deterioration in consumer sentiment, changes in consumer behavior in favor of e-commerce, or negative public perception of public health risks, which could result in decreased foot traffic to the Company s properties and tenant businesses for an extended period of time, could negatively impact the Company s tenants businesses and affect the ability of tenants to meet their obligations to the Company under lease agreements; 
 
 difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect the Company s access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis and the Company s tenants abilities to fund their business operations and meet their obligations to the Company; 
 
 the financial impacts could negatively impact the Company s ability to pay dividends to the Company s stockholders; 
 
 the financial impacts could negatively impact the Company s future compliance with financial covenants of the Company s credit facility and other debt agreements and could result in a default and potentially an acceleration of indebtedness, which non-compliance could also negatively impact the Company s ability to make additional borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility or otherwise pay dividends to the Company s stockholders; 
 
 the worsening of estimated future cash flows due to a change in the Company s plans, policies, or views of market and economic conditions as it relates to one or more of the Company s adversely impacted properties could result in the recognition of substantial impairment charges imposed on the Company s assets; 
 
 the credit quality of the Company s tenants could be negatively impacted and the Company may significantly increase the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts; 
 
 a general decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions could adversely affect the Company s ability or desire to grow the Company s portfolio of properties, or to sell properties as part of the Company s capital recycling strategy; 
 
 difficulties completing the Company s densification projects on a timely basis, on budget or at all; and 
 
 the potential negative impact on the health of the Company s personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are impacted. 
 
 Certain of the Company s tenants experienced economic difficulties as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and sought to modify their obligations to the Company. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company entered into lease concessions that deferred approximately 10.9 million of contractual amounts billed. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9.5 million of such amount has been rebilled in accordance with the underlying agreements, of which approximately 8.5 million has been collected. 
 
 The extent to which a future public health crisis could impact the Company s operations and those of the Company s tenants will depend on future developments, including the scope, severity and duration of such crisis, the actions taken to contain or mitigate its impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the crisis and any containment measures, among others, which could have a material impact on the Company s revenues and could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, many risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be interpreted as heightened risks as a result of a public health crisis. 
 
 21 

Risks Related to Financing 
 
 The Company s term loan, credit facility and unsecured senior notes contain restrictive covenants relating to its operations, which could limit the Company s ability to respond to changing market conditions and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company s term loan, credit facility and unsecured senior notes contain restrictive covenants. These or other limitations, including those that may apply to future Company borrowings, may materially and adversely affect the Company s flexibility and its ability to achieve its operating plans and could result in the Company being limited in the amount of dividends and distributions it would be permitted to pay to its stockholders. 
 
 In addition, failure to comply with these covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt instrument, and the Company may then be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources. Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to the Company, or may be available only on unattractive terms. 
 
 Certain of the Company s mortgage financing arrangements and other indebtedness contain provisions that could limit the Company s operating flexibility. 
 
 The Company s existing mortgage financing contains, and future mortgage financing may contain, customary covenants and provisions that limit the Company s ability to pre-pay such mortgages before their scheduled maturity date or to transfer the underlying asset. Additionally, the Company s ability to satisfy prospective mortgage lenders insurance requirements may be materially and adversely affected if lenders generally insist upon greater insurance coverage against certain risks than is available to the Company in the marketplace or on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, because a mortgage is secured by a lien on the underlying real property, mortgage defaults subject the Company to the risk of losing the property through foreclosure. 
 
 The Company s access to financing may be limited and thus its ability to potentially enhance its returns may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The Company intends, when appropriate, to employ prudent amounts of leverage and use debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of its assets and the diversification of its portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s outstanding principal mortgage indebtedness was approximately 60.7 million, and the Company may incur significant additional debt to finance future acquisition and development activities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 88.0 million and 300.0 million outstanding under the Company s 600.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility and 300.0 million term loan, respectively. 
 
 In addition, the Operating Partnership issued 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in December 2017 (the Senior Notes Due 2027 ), 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in September 2016 (the Senior Notes Due 2026 ), 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in December 2014 (the Senior Notes Due 2024 and 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in December 2013 (the Senior Notes Due 2023 and collectively with the Senior Notes Due 2024, the Senior Notes Due 2026 and the Senior Notes Due 2027, the unsecured senior notes ), each of which were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ROIC. 
 
 The Company s access to financing will depend upon a number of factors, over which it has little or no control, including: 
 
 general market conditions; 
 
 the market s view of the quality of the Company s assets; 
 
 the market s perception of the Company s growth potential; 
 
 the Company s eligibility to participate in and access capital from programs established by the U.S. government; 
 
 the Company s current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; and 
 
 the market price of the shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Any reduction in available financing may materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to achieve its financial objectives. Concern about the stability of the markets generally could adversely affect one or more private lenders and could 
 22 

cause one or more private lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide the Company with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In addition, if regulatory capital requirements imposed on the Company s private lenders change, they may be required to limit or increase the cost of financing they provide to the Company. In general, this could potentially increase the Company s financing costs and reduce its liquidity or require it to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. 
 
 During times when interest rates on mortgage loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on a timely basis, the Company may purchase certain properties for cash or equity securities, including OP Units, or a combination thereof. Consequently, depending on market conditions at the relevant time, the Company may have to rely more heavily on additional equity issuances, which may be dilutive to its stockholders, or on less efficient forms of debt financing that require a larger portion of its cash flow from operations, thereby reducing funds available for its operations, future business opportunities, cash distributions to its stockholders and other purposes. The Company cannot assure you that it will have access to such equity or debt capital on favorable terms (including, without limitation, cost and term) at the desired times, or at all, which may cause it to curtail its asset acquisition activities and/or dispose of assets, which could materially and adversely affect its income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of the Company s debt payments and materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Interest the Company pays could reduce cash available for distributions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 88.0 million and 300.0 million outstanding under the Company s 600.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility and 300.0 million term loan, respectively, that bear interest at a variable rate. In addition, the Company may incur variable rate debt in the future, including mortgage debt, borrowings under the credit facility or new credit facilities or under the term loan or new term loans. The Federal Reserve Board of Governors increased the federal funds rate several times during 2022 and has announced its intention to determine what future adjustments are appropriate, including as a result of concerns over inflation, but such changes in fiscal and monetary policies are beyond the Company s control and are difficult to predict. Increases in interest rates would increase the Company s interest costs, which could adversely affect the Company s cash flow, results of operations, ability to pay principal and interest on debt and pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders, and reduce the Company s access to capital markets. In addition, if the Company needs to repay existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, it may be required to incur additional indebtedness at higher rates. From time to time, the Company may enter into interest rate swap agreements and other interest rate hedging contracts with the intention of lessening the impact of rising interest rates. However, increased interest rates may increase the risk that the counterparties to such agreements may not be able to fulfill their obligations under these agreements, and there can be no assurance that these arrangements will be effective in reducing the Company s exposure to interest rate changes. These risks could materially and adversely affect the Company s cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. The Company s use of interest rate hedging arrangements to manage risk associated with interest rate volatility may expose the Company to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may fail to honor its obligations or that the Company could be required to fund the Company s contractual payment obligations under such arrangements in relatively large amounts or on short notice. Developing an effective interest rate risk strategy is complex and no strategy can completely insulate the Company from risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. There can be no assurance that the Company s hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on the Company s results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. The Company s prior four interest rate swaps matured effective August 31, 2022, and the interest rate on the term loan was no longer effectively fixed and outstanding borrowings under the term loan became subject to a variable interest rate. 
 
 The replacement of LIBOR may affect the value of certain of the Company s financial obligations and could affect the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 As announced on March 5, 2021 by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited IBA and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, the IBA will cease publishing the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month settings of U.S. dollar LIBOR rates immediately after June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARCC ), which was convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the New York Federal Reserve Bank, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the recommended risk-free alternative rate for U.S. dollar LIBOR. The ARRC has also recommended the use of the CME Group s computation of forward-looking SOFR term rates Term SOFR ), subject to certain recommended limitations on the scope of its use. In March 2022, the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act was enacted at the federal level in the United States, pursuant to which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System has designated benchmark replacement rates based on SOFR for U.S. law governed legacy contracts that have no or insufficient fallback provisions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding approximately 388.0 million of variable rate debt that was indexed to U.S. dollar LIBOR. There can be no assurance that any alternative rates used to determine interest on the Company s variable rate 
 23 

debt, including any version of SOFR or Term SOFR, plus any spread adjustment will be economically equivalent to U.S. dollar LIBOR. In addition, market practices related to calculation conventions for replacement benchmark rates continue to develop and may vary, and inconsistent conventions may develop among financial products. Inconsistent use of replacement rates or calculation conventions among financial products could expose the Company to additional financial risks and increase the cost of any related hedging transactions. Furthermore, the transition away from U.S. dollar LIBOR may adversely impact the Company s ability to hedge exposures to fluctuations in interest rates using derivative instruments. It is not possible to predict all consequences of the IBA s plans to cease publishing U.S. dollar LIBOR, any related regulatory actions and the expected discontinuance of the use of U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate for financial contracts. There is no guarantee that a transition from LIBOR to alternative reference rates will not result in financial market disruptions, hedging mismatches or significant increases in the Company s borrowing costs or the costs of any related hedging, any of which could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition, and the market price of its common stock. 
 
 Financing arrangements that the Company may use to finance its assets may require it to provide additional collateral or pay down debt. 
 
 The Company, when appropriate, uses traditional forms of financing including secured debt. In the event the Company utilizes such financing arrangements, they would involve the risk that the market value of its assets which are secured may decline in value, in which case the lender may, in connection with a refinancing, require it to provide additional collateral, provide additional equity, or to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced. The Company may not have the funds available to repay its debt or provide additional equity at that time, which would likely result in defaults unless it is able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which it may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. Providing additional collateral or equity would reduce the Company s liquidity and limit its ability to leverage its assets. If the Company cannot meet these requirements, the lender could accelerate the Company s indebtedness, increase the interest rate on advanced funds and terminate its ability to borrow funds from them, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. The providers of secured debt may also require the Company to maintain a certain amount of cash or set aside assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position. As a result, the Company may not be able to leverage its assets as fully as it would choose which could reduce its return on assets. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to utilize such arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 A downgrade in the Company s or the Operating Partnership s credit ratings could materially and adversely affect the Company s business and financial condition. 
 
 The credit ratings assigned to the Company s obligations or to the debt securities of the Operating Partnership could change based upon, among other things, the Company s and the Operating Partnership s results of operations and financial condition. These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and there can be no assurance that any rating will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. Moreover, these credit ratings do not apply to the Company s common stock and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any other securities. If any of the credit rating agencies that have rated the obligations of the Company or the debt securities of the Operating Partnership downgrades or lowers its credit ratings, or if any credit rating agency indicates that it has placed any such rating on a so-called watch list for a possible downgrading or lowering or otherwise indicates that its outlook for that rating is negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company s costs and availability of capital, which could in turn materially and adversely impact the Company s income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay dividends and other distributions to its stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Organization and Structure 
 
 The Company depends on dividends and distributions from its direct and indirect subsidiaries. The creditors of these subsidiaries are entitled to amounts payable to them by the subsidiaries before the subsidiaries may pay any dividends or distributions to the Company. 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s assets are held through the Operating Partnership, which holds substantially all of the Company s properties and assets through subsidiaries. The Operating Partnership s cash flow is dependent on cash distributions to it by its subsidiaries, and in turn, substantially all of the Company s cash flow is dependent on cash distributions to it by the Operating Partnership. The creditors of the Company s direct and indirect subsidiaries are entitled to payment of that subsidiary s obligations to them, when due and payable, before distributions may be made by that subsidiary to its common equity holders. Thus, the Operating Partnership s ability to make distributions to the Company and therefore the Company s 
 24 

ability to make distributions to its stockholders will depend on its subsidiaries ability first to satisfy their obligations to creditors and then to make distributions to the Operating Partnership. 
 
 In addition, the Company s participation in any distribution of the assets of any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries upon the liquidation, reorganization or insolvency, is only after the claims of the creditors, including the holders of the unsecured senior notes and trade creditors, are satisfied. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of the Company. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of the Company that might involve a premium price for holders of the Company s common stock or otherwise be in their best interests, including: 
 
 business combination provisions that, subject to certain limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between the Company and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the Company s shares or an affiliate thereof) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose special minimum price provisions and special stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 
 control share provisions that provide that control shares of the Company (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the Company s stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 However, the provisions of the MGCL relating to business combinations do not apply to business combinations that are approved or exempted by the Company s board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. In addition, the Company s bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of shares of the Company s common stock. There can be no assurance that such exemption will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Additionally, Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits the Company s board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in the Company s charter or bylaws, to take certain actions that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of the Company that might involve a premium to the market price of its common stock or otherwise be in the stockholders best interests. These provisions of the MGCL permit the Company, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to adopt: 
 
 a classified board; 
 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director; 
 
 a requirement that the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the board of directors; 
 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining directors in office and (if the board is classified) for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred; and 
 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. 
 
 The authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and the ownership limitations contained in the Company s charter may prevent a change in control. 
 
 The Company s charter authorizes the Company to issue authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. In addition, the Company s charter provides that the Company s board of directors has the power, without stockholder approval, to authorize the Company to issue any authorized but unissued shares of stock, to classify any unissued shares of preferred stock and to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or previously-classified shares of preferred stock into other classes or series of stock. As a result, the Company s board of directors may establish a series of shares of preferred stock or use such preferred stock to create a stockholder s rights plan or so-called poison pill that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in 
 25 

control that might involve a premium price for shares of the Company s common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of the Company s stockholders. 
 
 In addition, the Company s charter contains restrictions limiting the ownership and transfer of shares of the Company s common stock and other outstanding shares of capital stock. The relevant sections of the Company s charter provide that, subject to certain exceptions, ownership of shares of the Company s common stock by any person is limited to 9.8 by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of common stock (the common share ownership limit), and no more than 9.8 by value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding capital stock (the aggregate share ownership limit). The common share ownership limit and the aggregate share ownership limit are collectively referred to herein as the ownership limits. These provisions will restrict the ability of persons to purchase shares in excess of the relevant ownership limits. The Company s board of directors has established exemptions from this ownership limit which permit certain institutional investors to hold additional shares of the Company s common stock. The Company s board of directors may in the future, in its sole discretion, establish additional exemptions from this ownership limit. 
 
 The Company s failure to qualify as a REIT would subject it to U.S. federal income tax and potentially increased state and local taxes, which would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 
 The Company intends to operate in a manner that will enable it to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company has not requested and does not intend to request a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service that it will continue to qualify as a REIT. The U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable U.S. Treasury Department regulations that have been promulgated under the Code Treasury Regulations is greater in the case of a REIT that holds assets through a partnership, such as the Company, and judicial and administrative interpretations of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REIT qualification are limited. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet, on an ongoing basis, various tests regarding the nature of its assets and its income, the ownership of its outstanding shares, and the amount of its distributions. Moreover, new legislation, court decisions or administrative guidance, in each case possibly with retroactive effect, may make it more difficult or impossible for the Company to qualify as a REIT. Thus, while the Company believes that it has operated and intends to continue to operate so that it will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in the Company s circumstances, no assurance can be given that it has qualified or will continue to so qualify for any particular year. 
 
 If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and does not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, it would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on its taxable income, and distributions to its stockholders would not be deductible by it in determining its taxable income. In such a case, the Company might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay its taxes. The Company s payment of income tax would decrease the amount of its income available for distribution to its stockholders. Furthermore, if the Company fails to maintain its qualification as a REIT, it would no longer be required to distribute substantially all of its net taxable income to its stockholders. In addition, unless the Company were eligible for certain statutory relief provisions, it would not be eligible to re-elect to qualify as a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which it failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Failure to make required distributions would subject the Company to tax, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to its stockholders. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, the Company must distribute to its stockholders each calendar year at least 90 of its REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. To the extent that the Company satisfies the 90 distribution requirement, but distributes less than 100 of its taxable income, it is subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on its undistributed income. In addition, the Company will incur a 4 non-deductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which its distributions in any calendar year are less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. The Company intends to distribute its net income to its stockholders in a manner intended to satisfy the REIT 90 distribution requirement and to avoid the 4 non-deductible excise tax. 
 
 The Company s taxable income may exceed its net income as determined by the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP because, for example, realized capital losses will be deducted in determining its GAAP net income, but may not be deductible in computing its taxable income. In addition, the Company may invest in assets that generate taxable income in excess of economic income or in advance of the corresponding cash flow from the assets. For example, the Company may be required to accrue interest or other income on debt securities before it receives payments on such assets, and under certain circumstances the Company could also be required to accrue income on leases in advance of receiving cash payments under the terms of such leases. As a result of the foregoing, the Company may generate less cash flow than taxable income in a particular year. To the extent that the Company generates such non-cash taxable income in a taxable year, it may incur corporate income 
 26 

tax and the 4 non-deductible excise tax on that income if it does not distribute such income to stockholders in that year. In that event, the Company may be required to use cash reserves, incur debt or liquidate assets at rates or times that it regards as unfavorable or make a taxable distribution of its shares in order to satisfy the REIT 90 distribution requirement and to avoid U.S. federal corporate income tax and the 4 non-deductible excise tax in that year. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, prior to the end of each taxable year, the Company is required to distribute any earnings and profits of any corporation acquired by the Company in certain tax-deferred transactions to the extent that such earnings accrued at a time when such corporation did not qualify as a REIT. The Company has entered into certain transactions involving the tax-deferred acquisition of target corporations. The Company believes that it did not inherit any earnings and profits of such target corporations attributable to any period that such corporations did not qualify as a REIT. However, no assurance can be provided in this regard, and if the Company were determined to have inherited and retained any such earnings and profits, the Company s qualification as a REIT could be adversely impacted. 
 
 To maintain its REIT qualification, the Company may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, the Company may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis, or possibly on a long-term basis, to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from, among other things, a difference in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt amortization payments. 
 
 The U.S. federal income tax treatment regarding cash settlement of a forward sale agreement is unclear and could jeopardize the Company s ability to meet the REIT qualification requirements. 
 
 In the event that the Company elects to settle any forward sale agreement with respect to the Company s at-the-market offering described above under Business Financing Activities ATM Equity Offering for cash and the settlement price is different than the applicable forward sale price, the Company will either receive a cash payment from or make a cash payment to the relevant Forward Purchaser. Under Section 1032 of the Code, generally, no gain or loss is recognized by a corporation in dealing in its own stock, including pursuant to a securities futures contract. Although the Company believes that any amount received by the Company in exchange for its common stock would qualify for the exemption under Section 1032 of the Code, it is unclear whether a cash settlement of such forward sale agreement would also qualify for such exemption. In the event that the Company recognizes a significant gain from the cash settlement of a forward sale agreement, the Company might not be able to satisfy the gross income requirements applicable to REITs under the Code. In the event that the Company is required to make a significant payment in cash to settle a forward sale agreement, the Company might not be able to satisfy the distribution requirements applicable to REITs under the Code, absent additional debt or equity financing. While the Company would not anticipate electing the cash settlement option under any forward sale agreement, such a cash settlement election could result in the Company s failure to satisfy the REIT income tests or distribution requirements. In that case, the Company may be able to rely upon the relief provisions under the Code in order to avoid the loss of the Company s REIT status. In the event that these relief provisions were not available, the Company could lose its REIT status under the Code. 
 
 Even if the Company qualifies as a REIT, it may be required to pay certain taxes. 
 
 Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, it may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on its income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, taxes on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure and state or local income, franchise, property and transfer taxes, including mortgage recording taxes. In addition, the Company may hold some of its assets through taxable REIT subsidiary TRS corporations. Any TRSs or other taxable corporations in which the Company owns an interest will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate taxes. Furthermore, the Company has entered into certain transactions in which the Company has acquired target entities in tax-deferred transactions. To the extent that such entities had outstanding U.S. federal income tax or other tax liabilities, the Company would succeed to such liabilities. Payment of these taxes generally would decrease the cash available for distribution to the Company s stockholders. 
 
 27 

Legislative, regulatory or administrative changes could adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations governing REITs and their stockholders, as well as the administrative interpretations of those laws and regulations, are constantly under review and may be changed at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given as to whether, when, or in what form, the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to the Company and its stockholders may be enacted. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations of U.S. federal tax laws could adversely affect an investment in the Company s common stock. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the Company may be liable for certain tax obligations of certain limited partners. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the Company may be liable for certain tax obligations of certain limited partners. The Company has entered into tax protection agreements under which it has agreed to minimize the tax consequences to certain limited partners resulting from the sale or other disposition of certain of the Company s assets. The obligation to indemnify such limited partners against adverse tax consequences is expected to continue until 2027. The Company may enter into additional tax protection agreements in the future, which could extend the period of time during which the Company may be liable for tax obligations of certain limited partners. During the period of these obligations, the Company s flexibility to dispose of the related assets will be limited. In addition, the amount of any indemnification obligations may be significant. 
 
 The Company cannot provide assurance of its ability to pay distributions in the future. 
 
 The Company intends to pay quarterly distributions and to make distributions to its stockholders in an amount such that it distributes all or substantially all of its REIT taxable income in each year, subject to certain adjustments. The Company s ability to pay distributions may be materially and adversely affected by a number of factors, including the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All distributions will be made, subject to Maryland law (or Delaware law, in the case of distributions by the Operating Partnership), at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, its financial condition, any debt covenants, maintenance of its REIT qualification and other factors as its board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. The Company believes that a change in any one of the following factors could materially and adversely affect its income, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, the ability to service its debt obligations, the market price of its common stock and its ability to pay distributions to its stockholders: 
 
 the profitability of the assets acquired; 
 
 the Company s ability to make profitable acquisitions; 
 
 unforeseen expenses that reduce the Company s cash flow; 
 
 defaults in the Company s asset portfolio or decreases in the value of its portfolio; and 
 
 the fact that anticipated operating expense levels may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. 
 
 The Company cannot provide assurance that it will achieve results that will allow it to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions in the future. In addition, some of the Company s distributions may include a return of capital. 
 
 The Company is subject to certain state laws and exchange requirements relating to the composition of its board of directors, including recently enacted diversity and gender quotas. 
 
 California has enacted laws requiring public companies headquartered in California to maintain minimum female representation and to maintain minimum representation from underrepresented communities on their boards of directors. In addition, Nasdaq has enacted certain requirements concerning diversity on boards of directors. The Company is in compliance with all such requirements. However, there can be no assurance that the composition of the Company s board will not change in the future or that the Company will be able to recruit, attract and/or retain qualified members of the board and meet such requirements in the future, which may cause certain investors to divert their holdings in the Company s stock and expose it to penalties and/or reputational harm. California state court mandated injunctions against the implementation and enforcement of the California laws are currently in place pending further litigation and the Nasdaq requirements are also being challenged in federal court. 
 
 28 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company maintains its executive office at 11250 El Camino Real, Suite 200, San Diego, CA 92130. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio consisted of 94 properties (93 retail and one office) totaling approximately 10.6 million square feet of gross leasable area. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s retail portfolio was approximately 98.1 leased. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company leased or renewed a total of approximately 1.6 million square feet in its portfolio. The Company has committed approximately 22.3 million, or 50.10 per square foot, in tenant improvements, including building and site improvements, for new leases that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has committed approximately 1.2 million, or 2.66 per square foot, in leasing commissions, for the new leases that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has committed approximately 1.1 million, or 0.98 per square foot, in tenant improvements for renewed leases that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Leasing commission commitments for renewed leases were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table provides information regarding the Company s retail properties as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Property Year Completed/ Renovated Year Acquired Gross Leasable Sq. Feet Number of Tenants Leased Annual Base Rent (1) 
 Principal Tenants Los Angeles metro area Paramount Plaza 1966/2010 2009 95,062 15 100.0 2,024 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, 99 Only Stores, Rite Aid Pharmacy Claremont Promenade 1982/2011 2010 92,215 22 87.0 2,173 Super King Supermarket Gateway Village 2003/2005 2010 96,959 28 96.9 2,959 Sprouts Market Seabridge Marketplace 2006 2012 98,348 23 95.8 1,945 Safeway (Vons) Supermarket Glendora Shopping Center 1992/2012 2012 106,535 22 97.3 1,502 Albertsons Supermarket Redondo Beach Plaza 1993/2004 2012 110,509 17 100.0 2,415 Safeway (Vons) Supermarket, Petco Diamond Bar Town Center 1981 2013 100,342 22 99.1 2,442 Walmart Neighborhood Market, Crunch Fitness Diamond Hills Plaza 1973/2008 2013 139,472 42 99.1 4,181 H-Mart Supermarket, Planet Fitness Plaza de la Ca ada 1968/2010 2013 100,425 12 97.3 2,634 Gelson s Supermarket, TJ Maxx, Rite Aid Pharmacy Fallbrook Shopping Center 1966/1986/ 2003/2015 2014 755,299 46 98.8 13,663 Sprouts Market, Trader Joes, Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket (2) , TJ Maxx 
 Moorpark Town Center 1984/2014 2014 133,547 22 92.6 2,058 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket, CVS Pharmacy Ontario Plaza 1999 2015 150,149 24 96.4 2,421 El Super Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy Park Oaks Shopping Center 1959/2005 2015 110,092 29 95.7 2,743 Safeway (Vons) Supermarket, Dollar Tree Warner Plaza 1974/2017 2015 110,918 66 97.9 4,601 Sprouts Market, Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket (2) , Rite Aid Pharmacy (2) 
 Magnolia Shopping Center 1962/1972/ 1987/2016 2016 116,089 23 96.8 2,356 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket Casitas Plaza Shopping Center 1972/1982 2016 105,118 26 99.2 1,944 Albertsons Supermarket, CVS Pharmacy Bouquet Center 1985 2016 148,903 28 97.3 3,804 Safeway (Vons) Supermarket, CVS Pharmacy, Ross Dress For Less North Ranch Shopping Center 1977/1990 2016 146,444 35 92.0 4,694 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket, Trader Joe s, Rite Aid Pharmacy, Petco The Knolls 2000/2016 2016 52,021 6 96.2 1,385 Trader Joe s, Pet Food Express The Terraces 1958/1970/ 1989 2017 172,922 28 94.0 3,636 Trader Joe s, Marshall s, LA Fitness Seattle metro area Meridian Valley Plaza 1978/2011 2010 51,597 16 100.0 899 Kroger (QFC) Supermarket 
 29 

Property Year Completed/ Renovated Year Acquired Gross Leasable Sq. Feet Number of Tenants Leased Annual Base Rent (1) 
 Principal Tenants The Market at Lake Stevens 2000 2010 74,130 9 100.0 1,697 Albertsons (Haggen) Supermarket Canyon Park Shopping Center 1980/2012 2011 123,592 24 100.0 2,656 PCC Community Markets, Rite Aid Pharmacy, Petco Hawks Prairie Shopping Center 1988/2012 2011 157,529 24 100.0 1,998 Safeway Supermarket, Dollar Tree, Big Lots, Ace Hardware The Kress Building 1924/2005 2011 74,616 5 70.0 1,297 IGA Supermarket, TJMaxx Gateway Shopping Center 2007 2012 104,298 20 100.0 2,672 WinCo Foods (2) , Rite Aid Pharmacy, Ross Dress For Less 
 Canyon Crossing 2009 2013 120,398 26 97.0 2,846 Safeway Supermarket Crossroads Shopping Center 1962/2004/ 2015 2010/2013 473,131 99 100.0 12,922 Kroger (QFC) Supermarket, Dick s Sporting Goods, Edgeworks Climbing Bellevue Marketplace 1971/1982/ 2017 2015 113,758 20 100.0 3,697 Asian Family Market Four Corner Square 1983/2015 2015 119,531 29 100.0 2,672 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Walgreens, Johnsons Home Garden Bridle Trails Shopping Center 1980/1984/ 1987 2016 110,257 31 100.0 2,461 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Rite Aid (Bartell) Pharmacy, Dollar Tree PCC Community Markets Plaza 1981/2007 2017 34,459 1 100.0 690 PCC Community Markets Highland Hill Shopping Center 1956/1989/ 2006 2017 163,926 18 97.6 2,991 WinCo Foods, LA Fitness, Dollar Tree, Petco North Lynnwood Shopping Center 1963/1965/ 2003 2017 63,606 11 100.0 1,138 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Dollar Tree Stadium Center 1926/2016 2018 48,888 7 100.0 1,097 Thriftway Supermarket Summerwalk Village 2015 2019 60,343 11 100.0 935 Walmart Neighborhood Market South Point Plaza 1986/2008 2021 189,960 25 100.0 2,380 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy, Hobby Lobby, Pep Boys Olympia West Center 1980/1995 2021 69,212 7 100.0 1,544 Trader Joe s, Petco Olympia Square North 1988/2022 2022 89,884 10 100.0 1,126 Albertsons Supermarket, Crunch Fitness Thomas Lake Shopping Center 1998/2013 2022 111,311 12 100.0 2,013 Albertsons Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy Ballinger Village 1960 2022 110,849 21 97.7 2,326 Thriftway Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy Portland metro area Happy Valley Town Center 2007 2010 138,397 38 100.0 4,032 New Seasons Market Wilsonville Old Town Square 2011 2010/2012 49,937 20 100.0 1,937 Kroger (Fred Meyer) Supermarket (2) 
 Cascade Summit Town Square 2000 2010 94,934 27 100.0 2,090 Safeway Supermarket, U.S. Postal Service Heritage Market Center 2000 2010 107,468 20 100.0 1,905 Safeway Supermarket, Dollar Tree Division Crossing 1992 2010 103,561 20 100.0 1,332 Rite Aid Pharmacy, Ross Dress For Less, Ace Hardware Halsey Crossing 1992 2010 99,428 19 100.0 1,499 24 Hour Fitness, Dollar Tree Hillsboro Market Center 2002 2011 156,021 23 100.0 2,720 Albertsons Supermarket, Dollar Tree, Ace Hardware Robinwood Shopping Center 1980/2012 2013 70,831 16 100.0 1,154 Walmart Neighborhood Market Tigard Marketplace 1988/2005 2014 136,889 19 100.0 2,271 H-Mart Supermarket, Bi-Mart Wilsonville Town Center 1991/1996 2014 167,829 38 99.1 3,060 Safeway Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy, Dollar Tree Tigard Promenade 1996 2015 88,043 15 97.7 1,498 Safeway Supermarket, Petco Sunnyside Village Square 1997 2015 92,278 14 100.0 1,678 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Snap Fitness, Ace Hardware Johnson Creek Center 2003/2009 2015 108,588 15 100.0 2,333 Trader Joe s, Walgreens, Sportsman's Warehouse Rose City Center 1993/2012 2016 60,680 3 100.0 833 Safeway Supermarket Division Center 1987/2014 2017 118,122 26 100.0 2,124 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy, Petco 
 30 

Property Year Completed/ Renovated Year Acquired Gross Leasable Sq. Feet Number of Tenants Leased Annual Base Rent (1) 
 Principal Tenants Riverstone Marketplace 2004 2017 95,774 24 100.0 2,391 Kroger (QFC) Supermarket King City Plaza 1970/1980/ 1990 2018 62,676 20 100.0 1,031 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Anytime Fitness Powell Valley Junction 1992/2002 2022 108,639 10 100.0 1,237 Walmart Neighborhood Market San Francisco metro area Pleasant Hill Marketplace 1980 2010 69,715 3 100.0 1,524 Total Wine and More, Buy Buy Baby, Basset Furniture Pinole Vista Shopping Center 1981/2012 2011 141,093 29 97.4 3,156 Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket, Planet Fitness Country Club Gate Center 1974/2012 2011 109,331 33 98.4 2,406 Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy Marlin Cove Shopping Center 1972/2001 2012 73,943 24 98.7 2,617 99 Ranch Market The Village at Novato 2006 2012 20,081 4 100.0 600 Trader Joe s Santa Teresa Village 1979/2013 2012 131,263 38 97.9 3,294 Grocery Outlet Supermarket, Dollar Tree, MedVet Silicon Valley Granada Shopping Center 1962/1994 2013 71,525 16 100.0 1,544 Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket Country Club Village 1995 2013 111,093 22 96.5 2,202 Walmart Neighborhood Market, CVS Pharmacy North Park Plaza 1997 2014 76,697 17 97.3 2,685 H-Mart Supermarket Winston Manor 1977/1988/ 2011/2015 2015 49,852 15 94.0 1,763 Grocery Outlet Supermarket Jackson Square 1972/1997 2015 114,220 17 96.1 2,444 Safeway Supermarket, CVS Pharmacy, 24 Hour Fitness Gateway Centre 1996 2015 112,553 21 91.7 2,519 Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket, Walgreens Iron Horse Plaza 1999 2015 61,915 11 100.0 2,305 Lunardi s Market Monterey Center 2007 2016 25,626 10 100.0 1,091 Trader Joe s Santa Rosa Southside Shopping Center 1984 2017 88,606 10 100.0 1,837 REI, Cost Plus World Market, DSW Monta Loma Plaza 1973/2010 2017 49,694 11 100.0 1,614 Safeway Supermarket Canyon Creek Plaza 2000/2018 2021 64,662 24 98.0 2,152 New Seasons Market Village Oaks Shopping Center 1984 2022 79,875 18 97.9 1,442 Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy (2) 
 Orange County metro area Santa Ana Downtown Plaza 1987/2010 2010 105,536 30 98.9 2,429 Kroger (Food 4 Less) Supermarket, Marshall s Sycamore Creek 2008 2010 74,198 17 98.2 1,919 Safeway (Vons) Supermarket, CVS Pharmacy (2) 
 Desert Springs Marketplace 1994/2013 2011 113,718 20 95.7 2,838 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy Cypress Center West 1970/1978/ 2014 2012 112,080 32 98.4 2,170 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket, Rite Aid Pharmacy Harbor Place Center 1994 2012 122,636 10 94.5 1,784 AA Supermarket, Ross Dress For Less, AutoZone Mega Hub 5 Points Plaza 1962/2012/ 2015 2013 161,214 39 99.7 4,741 Trader Joe s Peninsula Marketplace 2000 2013 95,416 14 99.0 2,515 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket, Planet Fitness Fullerton Crossroads 1977/1997/ 2011 2017 219,899 26 100.0 3,682 Kroger (Ralph s) Supermarket, Kohl s, Jo-Ann Fabrics and Crafts The Village at Nellie Gail Ranch 1897/2015 2017 89,041 24 98.2 3,100 Smart Final Extra Supermarket 
 31 

Property Year Completed/ Renovated Year Acquired Gross Leasable Sq. Feet Number of Tenants Leased Annual Base Rent (1) 
 Principal Tenants San Diego metro area Marketplace Del Rio 1990/2004 2011 183,787 44 95.7 3,594 Stater Brothers Supermarket, Walgreens, Planet Fitness Renaissance Towne Centre 1991/2011 2011 52,866 30 98.2 2,696 CVS Pharmacy Bay Plaza 1986/2013 2012 73,324 30 98.0 2,268 Seafood City Supermarket Bernardo Heights Plaza 1983/2006 2013 37,729 5 100.0 985 Sprouts Market Hawthorne Crossings 1993/1999 2013 141,288 20 100.0 3,554 Mitsuwa Supermarket, Ross Dress For Less, Staples Creekside Plaza 1993/2005 2014 133,914 26 97.9 3,367 Stater Brothers Supermarket, AMC Theatres Palomar Village 1989/2019 2021 125,130 29 98.4 2,130 Albertsons Supermarket, CVS Pharmacy Total Properties 10,560,259 2,048 98.1 233,729 
 _______________ 
 
 (1) Annual base rent ABR is equal to the annualized cash rent for all leases in place as of December 31, 2022 (including initial cash rent for new leases). 
 (2) Retailer is not a tenant of the Company. 
 
 As illustrated by the following tables, the Company s shopping centers are substantially diversified by both tenant mix and by the staggering of its major tenant lease expirations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no single tenant comprised more than 5.7 of the total annual base rent of the Company s portfolio. 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary schedule of the Company s ten largest tenants by percent of total annual base rent, as of December 31, 2022: 
 Tenant Number of Leases of Total ABR (1) 
 Albertsons / Safeway Supermarkets 21 5.7 Kroger Supermarkets 11 3.2 Rite Aid Pharmacy 16 1.7 Save Mart Supermarkets 5 1.5 Trader Joe s 9 1.4 Grocery Outlet Supermarkets 10 1.3 JP Morgan Chase 21 1.3 Sprouts Markets 4 1.2 H-Mart Supermarkets 3 1.1 Marshall s / TJMaxx 5 1.1 105 19.5 
 ___________________ 
 
 (1) ABR is equal to the annualized cash rent for all leases in place as of December 31, 2022 (including initial cash rent for new leases). 
 
 32 

The following table sets forth a summary schedule of the annual lease expirations for leases in place across the Company s total retail portfolio at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 Year of Expiration Number of 
 Leases 
 Expiring (1) 
 Leased Square Footage ABR (2) 
 of Total ABR 2023 282 859,159 24,088 10.3 2024 310 1,140,492 28,611 12.2 2025 298 1,344,776 29,825 12.8 2026 301 1,413,335 30,516 13.1 2027 300 1,151,001 27,460 11.8 2028 174 1,354,128 27,980 11.9 2029 76 661,918 13,554 5.8 2030 58 409,444 9,379 4.0 2031 69 541,583 11,245 4.9 2032 72 443,020 10,180 4.3 Thereafter 108 1,034,914 20,891 8.9 Total 2,048 10,353,770 233,729 100 
 ___________________ 
 
 (1) Assumes no tenants exercise renewal options or cancellation options. 
 (2) ABR is equal to the annualized cash rent for all leases in place as of December 31, 2022 (including initial cash rent for new leases). 
 
 The following table sets forth a summary schedule of the annual lease expirations for leases in place with the Company s retail anchor tenants at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands). Anchor tenants are tenants with leases occupying at least 15,000 square feet or more. 
 Year of Expiration Number of 
 Leases 
 Expiring (1) 
 Leased Square Footage ABR (2) 
 of Total ABR 2023 13 393,214 7,720 3.3 2024 14 496,577 7,997 3.4 2025 22 724,936 10,256 4.4 2026 24 784,371 10,203 4.4 2027 14 460,659 5,364 2.3 2028 27 947,961 15,064 6.4 2029 13 463,575 7,301 3.1 2030 7 242,126 3,828 1.6 2031 10 336,035 5,047 2.2 2032 7 236,380 3,463 1.5 Thereafter 22 744,966 11,687 5.0 Total 173 5,830,800 87,930 37.6 
 ____________________ 
 
 (1) Assumes no tenants exercise renewal or cancellation options. 
 (2) ABR is equal to the annualized cash rent for all leases in place as of December 31, 2022 (including initial cash rent for new leases). 
 
 33 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of business, from time to time, the Company is involved in routine legal actions incidental to its business of the ownership and operations of its properties. In management s opinion, the liabilities, if any, that ultimately may result from such legal actions are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 ROIC Market Information 
 
 ROIC s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market NASDAQ under the symbol ROIC . 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of February 9, 2023, ROIC had 63 registered holders. Such information was obtained through the registrar and transfer agent. 
 
 Operating Partnership 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership had 49 registered holders, including Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC. 
 
 34 

Stockholder Return Performance 

The above graph compares the cumulative total return on the Company s common stock with that of the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index S P 500 and the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Equity Index FTSE NAREIT Equity REITs from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The stock price performance graph assumes that an investor invested 100 in each of ROIC and the indices, and the reinvestment of any dividends. The comparisons in the graph are provided in accordance with the SEC disclosure requirements and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of the future performance of ROIC s shares of common stock. 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 100.00 83.06 96.64 74.44 112.13 88.99 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 FTSE NAREIT Equity REITs 100.00 95.96 123.46 117.14 165.51 124.22 
 
 Except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates this information by reference, the foregoing Stockholder Return Performance information shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act. This information shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts. 
 
 35 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company makes statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information. Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company is organized in an UpREIT format pursuant to which Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, its wholly-owned subsidiary, serves as the general partner of, and ROIC conducts substantially all of its business through, its operating partnership, Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), together with its subsidiaries. 
 
 ROIC commenced operations in October 2009 as a fully integrated and self-managed REIT, and as of December 31, 2022, ROIC owned an approximate 93.6 partnership interest and other limited partners owned the remaining approximate 6.4 partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. ROIC specializes in the acquisition, ownership and management of necessity-based community and neighborhood shopping centers on the west coast of the United States, anchored by supermarkets and drugstores. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s portfolio consisted of 94 properties (93 retail and one office) totaling approximately 10.6 million square feet of GLA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s retail portfolio was approximately 98.1 leased. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company leased and renewed approximately 446,000 and 1.2 million square feet, respectively, in its portfolio. 
 
 The table below provides a reconciliation of beginning of year vacant space to end of year vacant space for its retail portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 Vacant Space Square Footage Vacant space at December 31, 2021 249,108 Square footage vacated 151,851 Vacant space in acquired properties 19,514 Square footage leased (224,125) Vacant space at December 31, 2022 196,348 
 
 The Company has committed approximately 22.3 million, or 50.10 per square foot, in tenant improvements, including building and site improvements, for new leases that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has committed approximately 1.2 million, or 2.66 per square foot, in leasing commissions for the new leases that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company has committed approximately 1.1 million, or 0.98 per square foot, in tenant improvements, including building and site improvements, for the renewed leases that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. Leasing commission commitments for renewed leases were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Impact of COVID-19 
 
 Certain of the Company s tenants experienced economic difficulties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company received a number of rent relief requests from tenants, most often in the form of rent deferral requests. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company entered into lease concessions that deferred approximately 10.9 million of contractual amounts billed. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 9.5 million of such deferral amounts have been rebilled in accordance with the underlying agreements, of which approximately 8.5 million, or approximately 89.7 , has been collected. The Company evaluated rent relief requests on a case-by-case basis and not all tenant requests resulted in concession agreements, nor did the Company forego its contractual rights under its lease agreements. See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion on how the Company accounts for COVID-19 related rent concessions. 
 36 

Results of Operations 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 94 properties (93 retail and one office), all of which are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. The Company believes, because the properties are located in densely populated areas and are leased to retailers that provide necessity-based, non-discretionary goods and services, the nature of its investments provides for relatively stable revenue flows. The Company has a strong capital structure with manageable debt as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to continue to actively explore acquisition opportunities consistent with its business strategy. 
 
 Property operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure of performance. The Company defines property operating income as operating revenues (rental revenue and other income), less property and related expenses (property operating expenses and property taxes). Property operating income excludes general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, acquisition transaction costs, other expense, interest expense, gains and losses from property acquisitions and dispositions, equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures, and extraordinary items. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating property operating income, and accordingly, the Company s property operating income may not be comparable to other REITs. 
 
 Property operating income is used by management to evaluate and compare the operating performance of the Company s properties, to determine trends in earnings and to compute the fair value of the Company s properties as this measure is not affected by the cost of the Company s funding, the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses, gains or losses from the acquisition and sale of operating real estate assets, general and administrative expenses or other gains and losses that relate to the ownership of its properties. The Company believes the exclusion of these items from net income is useful because the resulting measure captures the actual revenue generated and actual expenses incurred in operating the Company s properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 
 Property operating income is a measure of the operating performance of the Company s properties but does not measure the Company s performance as a whole. Property operating income is therefore not a substitute for net income or operating income as computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 For the Company s discussion related to the results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for fiscal year 2020, including certain comparisons of results for fiscal year 2021 to fiscal year 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in its fiscal 2021 Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2022. 
 
 Results of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Property Operating Income 
 
 The table below provides a reconciliation of consolidated operating income in accordance with GAAP to consolidated property operating income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating income per GAAP 114,685 114,895 Plus: Depreciation and amortization 97,494 92,929 General and administrative expenses 21,735 19,654 Other expense 960 860 Less: Gain on sale of real estate (7,653) (22,340) Property operating income 227,221 205,998 
 
 The following comparison for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, makes reference to the effect of the same-center properties. Same-center properties, which totaled 84 of the Company s 94 properties as of December 31, 2022, represent all operating properties owned by the Company during the entirety of both periods presented and consolidated into the Company s financial statements during such periods, except for the Company s corporate office headquarters. 
 
 37 

The table below provides a reconciliation of consolidated operating income in accordance with GAAP to property operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the 84 same-center properties owned by the Company during the entirety of both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and consolidated into the Company s financial statements during such periods (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Same-Center Non Same-Center Total Operating income (loss) per GAAP 121,075 (6,390) 114,685 Plus: Depreciation and amortization 88,014 9,480 97,494 General and administrative expenses (1) 
 21,735 21,735 Other expense (1) 
 960 960 Less: Gain on sale of real estate (7,653) (7,653) Property operating income 209,089 18,132 227,221 
 ______________________ 
 
 (1) For illustration purposes, general and administrative expenses and other expense are included in non same-center because the Company does not allocate these types of expenses between same-center and non same-center properties. 
 
 The table below provides a reconciliation of consolidated operating income in accordance with GAAP to property operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the 84 same-center properties owned by the Company during the entirety of both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and consolidated into the Company s financial statements during such periods (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Same-Center Non Same-Center Total Operating income per GAAP 109,657 5,238 114,895 Plus: Depreciation and amortization 88,288 4,641 92,929 General and administrative expenses (1) 
 19,654 19,654 Other expense (1) 
 860 860 Less: Gain on sale of real estate (22,340) (22,340) Property operating income 197,945 8,053 205,998 
 ______________________ 
 
 (1) For illustration purposes, general and administrative expenses and other expense are included in non same-center because the Company does not allocate these types of expenses between same-center and non same-center properties. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated property operating income of approximately 227.2 million compared to property operating income of 206.0 million generated during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of approximately 21.2 million. The property operating income for the 84 same-center properties increased approximately 11.1 million primarily due to an increase in base rents and straight-line rents as a result of an increase in occupancy and re-leasing spreads in the year ended December 31, 2022. The property operating income for the non same-center properties increased approximately 10.1 million primarily due to the net increase in the number of properties the Company owned as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 
 The Company incurred depreciation and amortization expenses of approximately 97.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 92.9 million incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. Depreciation expense increased approximately 4.6 million primarily due to the net increase in the number of properties the Company owned as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 
 38 

General and administrative expenses 
 
 The Company incurred general and administrative expenses of approximately 21.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 19.7 million incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses increased approximately 2.1 million primarily as a result of an increase in compensation-related and leasing-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 
 
 On August 19, 2022, in connection with the acquisitions of Ballinger Village and Thomas Lake Shopping Center, the Company sold Aurora Square, a shopping center located in Shoreline, Washington. The sales price of 36.2 million, less costs to sell, resulted in net proceeds of approximately 34.4 million. The Company recorded a gain on sale of real estate of approximately 7.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to this property disposition. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold three properties. The total sales price of approximately 69.7 million, less costs to sell, resulted in net proceeds of approximately 68.0 million. The Company recorded gains on sale of real estate of approximately 22.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to these property dispositions. 
 
 Interest expense and other finance expenses 
 
 The Company incurred approximately 59.2 million of interest expense and other finance expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 57.5 million incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest expense and other finance expenses increased approximately 1.7 million primarily due to the increase in interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 as well as an increase in borrowings on the credit facility when compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised the federal funds rate multiple times during the year ended December 31, 2022 and market interest rates have increased significantly. It is expected that the U.S. Federal Reserve may continue to increase the federal funds rate during 2023. Should the U.S. Federal Reserve continue to raise rates in the future, this will likely result in further increases in market interest rates. Accordingly, the Company anticipates an increase in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Funds From Operations 
 
 Funds from operations FFO ), is a widely-recognized non-GAAP financial measure for REITs that the Company believes when considered with financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, provides additional and useful means to assess its financial performance. FFO is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate the performance of REITs, most of which present FFO along with net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The Company computes FFO in accordance with the White Paper on FFO published by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), which defines FFO as net income attributable to common stockholders (determined in accordance with GAAP) excluding gains or losses from debt restructuring, sales of depreciable property, and impairments, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for partnerships and unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 However, FFO: 
 
 does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP (which, unlike FFO, generally reflects all cash effects of transactions and other events in the determination of net income); and 
 
 should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of the Company s performance. 
 
 FFO as defined by the Company may not be comparable to similarly titled items reported by other REITs due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs. 
 
 39 

The table below provides a reconciliation of net income applicable to stockholders in accordance with GAAP to FFO for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income attributable to ROIC 51,869 53,508 Plus: Depreciation and amortization 97,494 92,929 Less: Gain on sale of real estate (7,653) (22,340) Funds from operations basic 141,710 124,097 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 3,591 3,852 Funds from operations diluted 145,301 127,949 

Cash Net Operating Income NOI 
 
 Cash NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure of the Company s performance. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is operating income. The Company defines cash NOI as operating revenues (rental revenue and other income), less property and related expenses (property operating expenses and property taxes), adjusted for non-cash revenue and operating expense items such as straight-line rent and amortization of lease intangibles, debt-related expenses, and other adjustments. Cash NOI also excludes general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, acquisition transaction costs, other expense, interest expense, gains and losses from property acquisitions and dispositions, equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures, and extraordinary items. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating cash NOI, and accordingly, the Company s cash NOI may not be comparable to other REITs. 
 
 Cash NOI is used by management internally to evaluate and compare the operating performance of the Company s properties. The Company believes cash NOI provides useful information to investors regarding the Company s financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those cash income and expense items that are incurred at the property level, and when compared across periods, can be used to determine trends in earnings of the Company s properties as this measure is not affected by non-cash revenue and expense recognition items, the cost of the Company s funding, the impact of depreciation and amortization expenses, gains or losses from the acquisition and sale of operating real estate assets, general and administrative expenses or other gains and losses that relate to the Company s ownership of properties. The Company believes the exclusion of these items from operating income is useful because the resulting measure captures the actual revenue generated and actual expenses incurred in operating the Company s properties as well as trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. 
 
 Cash NOI is a measure of the operating performance of the Company s properties but does not measure the Company s performance as a whole and is therefore not a substitute for net income or operating income as computed in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 40 

Same-Center Cash NOI 
 
 The table below provides a reconciliation of same-center cash NOI to consolidated operating income in accordance with GAAP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table makes reference to the effect of the same-center properties. Same-center properties, which totaled 84 of the Company s 94 properties as of December 31, 2022, represent all operating properties owned by the Company during the entirety of both periods presented and consolidated into the Company s financial statements during such periods, except for the Company s corporate office headquarters (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP operating income 114,685 114,895 Depreciation and amortization 97,494 92,929 General and administrative expenses 21,735 19,654 Other expense 960 860 Gain on sale of real estate (7,653) (22,340) Straight-line rent (2,715) (959) Amortization of above- and below-market rent (11,947) (8,795) Property revenues and other expenses (1) 
 (1,331) (614) Total Company cash NOI 211,228 195,630 Non same-center cash NOI (14,545) (7,574) Same-center cash NOI 196,683 188,056 
 ______________________ 
 
 (1) Includes anchor lease termination fees, net of contractual amounts, if any, expense and recovery adjustments related to prior periods and other miscellaneous adjustments. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated same-center cash NOI of approximately 196.7 million compared to same-center cash NOI of approximately 188.1 million generated during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 4.6 increase. This increase is primarily due to an increase in base rents driven by contractual rent increases and an increase in occupancy and re-leasing spreads during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Critical accounting estimates are those that are both important to the presentation of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, complex or subjective judgments. Set forth below is a summary of the accounting estimates that management believes are critical to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. This summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the Company s accounting policies included in Note 1 to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company records base rents on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The excess of rents recognized over amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases is included in Tenant and other receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Most leases contain provisions that require tenants to reimburse a pro-rata share of real estate taxes and certain common area expenses. Adjustments are also made throughout the year to tenant and other receivables and the related cost recovery income based upon the Company s best estimate of the final amounts to be billed and collected. 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts is established based on a quarterly analysis of the risk of loss on specific accounts. The analysis places particular emphasis on past-due accounts and considers information such as the nature and age of the receivables, tenant creditworthiness, current economic trends, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on tenants businesses, the payment history of the tenants or other debtors, the financial condition of the tenants and any guarantors and management s assessment of their ability to meet their lease obligations, the basis for any disputes and the status of related negotiations, among other things. Management s estimates of the required allowance are subject to revision as these factors change and are sensitive to the effects of economic and market conditions on tenants, particularly those at retail 
 41 

properties. Estimates are used to establish reimbursements from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate tax and insurance costs. The Company analyzes the balance of its estimated accounts receivable for real estate taxes, common area maintenance and insurance for each of its properties by comparing actual recoveries versus actual expenses and any actual write-offs. Based on its analysis, the Company may record an additional amount in its allowance for doubtful accounts related to these items. In addition, the Company also provides an allowance for future credit losses in connection with the deferred straight-line rent receivable. 
 
 Real Estate Investments 
 
 Land, buildings, property improvements, furniture/fixtures and tenant improvements are recorded at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Renovations and/or replacements, which improve or extend the life of the asset, are capitalized and depreciated over its estimated useful lives. 
 
 The Company recognizes the acquisition of real estate properties, including acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, buildings and improvements) and acquired intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above-market and below-market leases and acquired in-place leases) at their fair value (for acquisitions meeting the definition of a business) and relative fair value (for acquisitions not meeting the definition of a business). Acquired lease intangible assets include above-market leases and acquired in-place leases, and Acquired lease intangible liabilities represent below-market leases in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant, which value is then allocated to land, buildings and improvements based on management s determination of the relative fair values of these assets. In valuing an acquired property s intangibles, factors considered by management include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods and estimates of lost rental revenue during the expected lease-up periods based on its evaluation of current market demand. Management also estimates costs to execute similar leases, including leasing commissions, tenant improvements, legal and other related costs. 
 
 The value of in-place leases is measured by the excess of (i) the purchase price paid for a property after adjusting existing in-place leases to market rental rates, over (ii) the estimated fair value of the property as if it were vacant. Above-market and below-market lease values are recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between the contractual amounts to be received and management s estimate of market lease rates, measured over the terms of the respective leases that management deemed appropriate at the time of acquisition. Such valuations include a consideration of the non-cancellable terms of the respective leases as well as any applicable renewal periods. The fair values associated with below-market rental renewal options are determined based on the Company s experience and the relevant facts and circumstances that existed at the time of the acquisitions. The value of the above-market and below-market leases associated with the original lease term is amortized to rental income, over the terms of the respective leases. The value of in-place leases is amortized to expense over the remaining non-cancellable terms of the respective leases. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its stated expiration, all unamortized amounts relating to that lease would be recognized in operations at that time. 
 
 The Company is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful life of its properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation. These assessments have a direct impact on the Company s net income. 
 
 Properties are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives are as follows: 
 
 Buildings 39-40 years Property Improvements 10-20 years Furniture/Fixtures 3-10 years Tenant Improvements Shorter of lease term or its useful life 
 
 Asset Impairment 
 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to aggregate future net cash flows (undiscounted and without interest) expected to be generated by the asset. The judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on factors such as operational performance, market conditions, legal and environmental concerns, the Company s intent and ability to hold the related asset, as well as any significant cost overruns on development properties. If such assets are considered impaired, the impairment to be recognized is 
 42 

measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceed the fair value. Management does not believe that the value of any of the Company s real estate investments was impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 REIT Qualification Requirements 
 
 The Company has elected and qualified to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, and believes that it has been organized and has operated in a manner that will allow it to continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code. 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of operational and organizational requirements to qualify and then maintain qualification as a REIT. If the Company does not qualify as a REIT, its income would become subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes at regular corporate rates that would be substantial and the Company may not be permitted to re-elect to qualify as a REIT for four taxable years following the year that it failed to qualify as a REIT. The Company s results of operations, liquidity and amounts distributable to stockholders would be significantly reduced if it failed to qualify as a REIT. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company 
 
 In this Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company section and in the Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership section, the term the Company refers to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding the Operating Partnership. 
 
 The Company s business is operated primarily through the Operating Partnership, of which the Company is the parent company, and which it consolidates for financial reporting purposes. Because the Company operates on a consolidated basis with the Operating Partnership, the section entitled Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership should be read in conjunction with this section to understand the liquidity and capital resources of the Company on a consolidated basis and how the Company is operated as a whole. 
 
 The Company issues public equity from time to time, but does not otherwise generate any capital itself or conduct any business itself, other than incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company. The Company itself does not hold any indebtedness other than guarantees of indebtedness of the Operating Partnership, and its only material assets are its ownership of direct or indirect partnership interests in the Operating Partnership and membership interest in Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the consolidated assets and liabilities and the consolidated revenues and expenses of the Company and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. However, all debt is held directly or indirectly by the Operating Partnership. The Company s principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common stock. The Company s principal source of funding for its dividend payments is distributions it receives from the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As the parent company of the Operating Partnership, the Company, indirectly, has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for the Operating Partnership s day-to-day management and control. The Company causes the Operating Partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as the Company may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement. 
 
 The Company is a well-known seasoned issuer with an effective shelf registration statement filed in April 2022 that allows the Company to register unspecified various classes of debt and equity securities. As circumstances warrant, the Company may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. Any proceeds from such equity issuances would be contributed to the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership may use the proceeds to acquire additional properties, pay down debt, and for general working capital purposes. 
 
 Liquidity is a measure of the Company s ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, fund and maintain its assets and operations, make distributions to its stockholders and meet other general business needs. The liquidity of the Company is dependent on the Operating Partnership s ability to make sufficient distributions to the Company. The primary cash requirement of the Company is its payment of dividends to its stockholders. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s primary sources of cash were distributions from the Operating Partnership and proceeds from the issuance of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined that it has adequate working capital to meet its dividend funding obligations for the next twelve months. 
 
 On February 20, 2020, ROIC entered into an at the market sales agreement, as amended on April 27, 2022 (the Sales Agreement ), with each of (i) KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BTIG, LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Capital One Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James 
 43 

Associates, Inc., Regions Securities LLC, Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (collectively, the Agents and (ii) the Forward Purchasers (as defined below), pursuant to which ROIC may sell, from time to time, shares (any such shares, the Primary Shares of ROIC s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), to or through the Agents and instruct certain of the Agents, acting as forward sellers (the Forward Sellers ), to offer and sell borrowed shares (any such shares, Forward Hedge Shares, and collectively with the Primary Shares, the Shares with the Shares to be sold under the Sales Agreement having an aggregate offering price of up to 500.0 million. 
 
 The Sales Agreement contemplates that, in addition to the issuance and sale of Primary Shares to or through the Agents as principal or its sales agents, ROIC may enter into separate forward sale agreements with any of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC or their respective affiliates (in such capacity, the Forward Purchasers ). If ROIC enters into a forward sale agreement with any Forward Purchaser, ROIC expects that such Forward Purchaser or its affiliate will borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of Forward Hedge Shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement, in accordance with the mutually accepted instructions related to such forward sale agreement. ROIC will not initially receive any proceeds from any sale of Forward Hedge Shares through a Forward Seller. ROIC expects to fully physically settle each particular forward sale agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on one or more dates specified by ROIC on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement by issuing shares of Common Stock (the Confirmation Shares ), in which case ROIC expects to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, ROIC may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case ROIC may not receive any proceeds from the issuance of shares of Common Stock, and ROIC will instead receive or pay cash (in the case of cash settlement) or receive or deliver shares of Common Stock (in the case of net share settlement). 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, ROIC sold a total of 1,288,213 shares under the Sales Agreement, which resulted in gross proceeds of approximately 25.2 million and commissions of approximately 252,000 paid to the Agents. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, the funding of acquisitions and additions to working capital. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, dividends paid and payable to stockholders totaled approximately 92.4 million. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, distributions paid and payable from the Operating Partnership to the non-controlling interest OP Unitholders totaled approximately 6.6 million. On a consolidated basis, cash flows from operations for the same period totaled approximately 149.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, dividends paid and payable to stockholders totaled approximately 62.2 million. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2021, distributions paid and payable from the Operating Partnership to the non-controlling interest OP Unitholders totaled approximately 4.7 million. On a consolidated basis, cash flows from operations for the same period totaled approximately 136.3 million. 
 
 Potential future sources of capital include equity issuances and distributions from the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership 
 
 In this Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Operating Partnership section, the terms the Operating Partnership, we , our and us refer to the Operating Partnership together with its consolidated subsidiaries or the Operating Partnership and the Company together with their respective consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership s primary source of cash was cash flow from operations, proceeds from borrowings under its credit facility, proceeds from the sale of real estate and cash contributed by ROIC from the issuance of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership has determined that it has adequate working capital to meet its debt obligations and operating expenses for the next twelve months. 
 
 The Operating Partnership has an unsecured term loan agreement with several banks under which the lenders agreed to provide a 300.0 million unsecured term loan facility. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement (as amended, the Term Loan Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the term loan was extended from September 8, 2022 to January 20, 2025, without further options for extension. The Term Loan Agreement also provides that the Operating Partnership may from time to time request increased aggregate commitments of 200.0 million under certain conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, including the consent of the lenders for the additional commitments. Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to an applicable rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, plus, as applicable, (i) a 
 44 

LIBOR rate determined by reference to the cost of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the relevant period (the Eurodollar Rate ), or (ii) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the rate of interest announced by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00 . 
 
 The Operating Partnership has an unsecured revolving credit facility with several banks. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, the Credit Facility Agreement pursuant to which the borrowing capacity under the credit facility is 600.0 million and the maturity date of the credit facility was extended from September 8, 2021 to February 20, 2024, with two six-month extension options, which may be exercised by the Operating Partnership upon satisfaction of certain conditions including the payment of extension fees. Additionally, the Credit Facility Agreement contains an accordion feature, which allows the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity under the credit facility up to an aggregate of 1.2 billion, subject to lender consents and other conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to an applicable rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, plus, as applicable, (i) the Eurodollar Rate, or (ii) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (b) the rate of interest announced by KeyBank, National Association as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 0.90 . Additionally, the Operating Partnership is obligated to pay a facility fee at a rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, currently 0.20 , and a fronting fee at a rate of 0.125 per year with respect to each letter of credit issued under the Credit Facility Agreement, of which the Operating Partnership had none outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 300.0 million and 88.0 million were outstanding under the term loan and credit facility, respectively. The weighted average interest rates on the term loan and the credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.7 and 3.1 , respectively. As discussed in Note 11 of the accompanying financial statements, the Operating Partnership has historically used interest rate swaps to help manage its interest rate risk. The Company s four interest rate swaps matured effective August 31, 2022, and accordingly the interest rate on the term loan was no longer effectively fixed and outstanding borrowings under the term loan became subject to a variable interest rate, as detailed above, effective September 1, 2022. The Operating Partnership had no available borrowings under the term loan at December 31, 2022. The Operating Partnership had 512.0 million available to borrow under the credit facility at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Further, the Operating Partnership issued 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in each of December 2017, December 2014 and December 2013 and 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in September 2016, (collectively, the Senior Notes each of which were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 
 The key terms of the Operating Partnership s Senior Notes are as follows: 
 
 Senior Notes Aggregate Principal Amount (in thousands) Issue Date and Interest Accrual Date Maturity Date Contractual Interest Rate First Interest Payment Interest Payments Due Senior Notes Due 2027 250,000 December 15, 2017 December 15, 2027 4.19 June 15, 2018 June 15 and December 15 Senior Notes Due 2026 200,000 September 22, 2016 September 22, 2026 3.95 March 22, 2017 March 22 and September 22 Senior Notes Due 2024 250,000 December 3, 2014 December 15, 2024 4.00 June 15, 2015 June 15 and December 15 Senior Notes Due 2023 250,000 December 9, 2013 December 15, 2023 5.00 June 15, 2014 June 15 and December 15 
 
 The Operating Partnership s material current and long-term cash requirements are further described below. 
 
 The Operating Partnership s debt agreements contain customary representations, financial and other covenants, and its ability to borrow under these agreements is subject to its compliance with financial covenants and other restrictions on an ongoing basis. The Operating Partnership was in compliance with such covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 While the Operating Partnership generally intends to hold its assets as long-term investments, certain of its investments may be sold in order to manage the Operating Partnership s interest rate risk and liquidity needs, meet other operating objectives and adapt to market conditions. The timing and impact of future sales of its investments, if any, cannot be predicted with any certainty. 
 
 45 

The Company has investment grade credit ratings from Moody s Investors Service (Baa2), S P Global Ratings (BBB-) and Fitch Ratings (BBB). 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected items in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net Cash Provided by (Used in): Operating activities 149,023 136,332 Investing activities (144,692) (103,645) Financing activities (12,235) (23,960) 
 
 Net Cash Flows from: 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities amounted to approximately 149.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 136.3 million in the comparable period in 2021. This increase of approximately 12.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the increase in property operating income of approximately 21.2 million, offset by the timing of collections and payments of working capital accounts. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities amounted to approximately 144.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 103.6 million in the comparable period in 2021. This increase of approximately 41.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the decrease in proceeds from the sale of real estate of approximately 33.6 million, the increase in payments for improvements to properties of approximately 11.8 million, slightly offset by the decrease in investments in real estate of approximately 4.9 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities amounted to approximately 12.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 24.0 million in the comparable period in 2021. This decrease of approximately 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the net increase in borrowings on the credit facility of 136.0 million, offset by the increase in dividend and distribution payments of approximately 55.6 million, the decrease in proceeds from the sale of common stock of approximately 44.4 million and the increase in principal repayments on mortgages of approximately 23.4 million. 
 
 46 

Material Cash Requirements 
 
 The following table represents the Company s known contractual and other short-term (i.e., the next twelve months) and long-term (i.e., beyond the next twelve months) obligations as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Short-Term Long-Term Total Material cash requirements: Mortgage Notes Payable Principal (1) 
 686 60,045 60,731 Mortgage Notes Payable Interest 2,482 2,618 5,100 Term loan (2) 
 300,000 300,000 Credit facility (3) 
 88,000 88,000 Senior Notes Due 2027 (4) 
 10,475 291,900 302,375 Senior Notes Due 2026 (4) 
 7,900 223,700 231,600 Senior Notes Due 2024 (4) 
 10,000 260,000 270,000 Senior Notes Due 2023 (4) 
 262,500 262,500 Operating lease obligations 1,345 34,359 35,704 Total 295,388 1,260,622 1,556,010 
 __________________ 
 
 (1) Does not include unamortized mortgage premium of approximately 288,000 as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) For the purpose of the above table, the Company has assumed that borrowings under the term loan accrue interest at the interest rate on the term loan as of December 31, 2022 which was 5.4 . 
 (3) For the purpose of the above table, the Company has assumed that borrowings under the credit facility accrue interest at the interest rate on the credit facility as of December 31, 2022 which was 5.2 
 (4) Represents payments of interest only in the short-term and payments of both principal and interest in the long-term. 
 
 The short-term and long-term liquidity requirements of the Company , including the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, consist primarily of the material cash requirements set forth above, dividends expected to be paid to the Company s stockholders, capital expenditures and capital required for acquisitions. 
 
 The Company, including the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, plans to satisfy its short-term liquidity requirements, including its material cash requirements, through operating cash flows, debt refinancings, potential asset sales and/or borrowings under its credit facility. 
 
 Historically, the Company , including the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, has financed its long-term liquidity requirements through operating cash flows, borrowings under its credit facility and term loan, debt refinancings, new debt, equity offerings and other capital market transactions, and/or the disposition of assets. The Company expects to continue doing so in the future. However, there can be no assurance that these sources will always be available to the Company when needed, or on terms the Company desires or that the future requirements of the Company will not be materially higher than the Company currently expects . 
 
 The Company has committed approximately 23.5 million and 1.2 million in tenant improvements (including building and site improvements) and leasing commissions, respectively, for the new leases and renewals that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Real Estate Taxes 
 
 The Company s leases generally require the tenants to be responsible for a pro-rata portion of the real estate taxes. 
 
 47 

Inflation 
 
 The Company s long-term leases contain provisions to help manage the adverse impact of inflation on its operating results. Such provisions include clauses entitling the Company to receive (a) scheduled base rent increases and (b) percentage rents based upon tenants gross sales which generally increase as prices rise. In addition, many of the Company s non-anchor leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits the Company to seek increases in rents upon renewal at then-current market rates if rents provided in the expiring leases are below then-existing market rates. Most of the Company s leases require tenants to pay a share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing the Company s exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. 

Leverage Policies 
 
 The Company employs prudent amounts of leverage and uses debt as a means of providing additional funds for the acquisition of its properties and the diversification of its portfolio. The Company seeks to primarily utilize unsecured debt in order to maintain liquidity and flexibility in its capital structure. 
 
 Under the term loan, several banks acting as lenders have agreed to provide up to 300.0 million of borrowing capacity. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the Term Loan Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the term loan was extended from September 8, 2022 to January 20, 2025, without further options for extension. The Term Loan Agreement also provides that the Operating Partnership may from time to time request increased aggregate commitments of 200.0 million under certain conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, including the consent of the lenders for the additional commitments. 
 
 Under the credit facility, several banks acting as lenders have agreed to provide up to 600.0 million of borrowing capacity. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the Credit Facility Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the credit facility was extended from September 8, 2021 to February 20, 2024, with two six-month extension options, which may be exercised by the Operating Partnership upon satisfaction of certain conditions including the payment of extension fees. Additionally, the Credit Facility Agreement contains an accordion feature, which allows the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity under the credit facility up to an aggregate of 1.2 billion, subject to lender consents and other conditions. 
 
 Further, the Operating Partnership issued 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in each of December 2017, December 2014 and December 2013 and 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes in September 2016, each of which were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 
 The Company may borrow on a non-recourse basis at the corporate level or Operating Partnership level. Non-recourse indebtedness means the indebtedness of the borrower or its subsidiaries is secured only by specific assets without recourse to other assets of the borrower or any of its subsidiaries. Even with non-recourse indebtedness, however, a borrower or its subsidiaries will likely be required to guarantee against certain breaches of representations and warranties such as those relating to the absence of fraud, misappropriation, misapplication of funds, environmental conditions and material misrepresentations. Because non-recourse financing generally restricts the lender s claim on the assets of the borrower, the lender generally may only proceed against the asset securing the debt. This may protect the Company s other assets. 
 
 The Company plans to evaluate each investment opportunity and determine the appropriate leverage on a case-by-case basis and also on a Company-wide basis. The Company may seek to refinance indebtedness, such as when a decline in interest rates makes it beneficial to prepay an existing mortgage, when an existing mortgage matures or if an attractive investment becomes available and the proceeds from the refinancing can be used to purchase the investment. 
 
 The Company plans to finance future acquisitions through a combination of cash from operations, borrowings under its credit facility, the assumption of existing mortgage debt, the issuance of OP Units, equity and debt offerings, and the potential sale of existing assets. In addition, the Company may acquire retail properties indirectly through joint ventures with third parties as a means of increasing the funds available for the acquisition of properties. 

Distributions 
 
 The Operating Partnership and ROIC intend to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of their OP Units and common stock, respectively. The Operating Partnership pays distributions to ROIC directly as a holder of units of the Operating Partnership, and indirectly to ROIC through distributions to Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of ROIC. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90 of its REIT 
 48 

taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pay U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income. ROIC intends to pay regular quarterly dividends to its stockholders in an amount not less than its net taxable income, if and to the extent authorized by its board of directors. If ROIC s cash available for distribution is less than its net taxable income, ROIC could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions or ROIC may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The Company s primary market risk exposure is to changes in interest rates related to its debt. There is inherent rollover risk for borrowings as they mature and are renewed at current market rates. The extent of this risk is not quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates and the Company s future financing requirements. 
 
 As a corporation that has elected to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2010, ROIC s future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. The Company will be exposed to interest rate changes primarily as a result of long-term debt used to acquire properties and make real estate-related debt investments. The Company s interest rate risk management objectives will be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, the Company expects to borrow primarily at fixed rates or variable rates with the lowest margins available and, in some cases, with the ability to convert variable rates to fixed rates. In addition, the Company may use derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk. The Company will not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and will only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based on their credit rating and other factors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 388.0 million of variable rate debt outstanding. The Company has historically used fixed-rate debt and interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk. As discussed in Note 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company s four interest rate swaps matured effective August 31, 2022, and accordingly the interest rate on the term loan was no longer effectively fixed and outstanding borrowings under the term loan became subject to a variable interest rate effective September 1, 2022. A 100 basis-point increase in short-term interest rates would have increased the Company s interest expense by approximately 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 (after giving effect to the impact of the interest rate swaps which effectively fixed the interest rate on borrowings under the term loan at approximately 3.0 during the period from January 1, 2022 through August 31, 2022). 
 49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule 
 Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp.: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 
 Schedules III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 88 
 IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 92 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted. 

50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 8 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Impairment of real estate investments Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s real estate investments totaled 2.8 billion. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the real estate investments are not expected to be recovered through future undiscounted cash flows. The Company did not identify any assets that were impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 51 

Auditing management s assessment of impairment is challenging due to the high degree of subjective auditor judgment necessary in evaluating management s identification of indicators of potential impairment and the related assessment of the severity of such indicators in determining whether a triggering event has occurred that requires the Company to evaluate the recoverability of the asset. The significant inputs used in the assessment included capitalization rates, current and estimated future cash flows associated with each property, which were based on market information including, where applicable, market rental rates, leasing trends, occupancy trends, and other quantitative and qualitative factors. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding of management s process to identify indicators of impairment, including the qualitative and quantitative analysis and related inputs and assumptions used in performing the analyses. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls that address the identification of indicators of impairment, in addition to controls around the quantitative assessment of impairment. For example, we tested controls over the Company s process to estimate the fair value of its real estate assets and to assess the recoverability of each investment, including controls over management s development and review of the significant inputs and assumptions described above used in the quantitative assessment. Our testing of the Company s impairment assessment included, among other procedures, evaluating significant judgments applied in determining whether indicators of impairment were present at any given property by obtaining evidence to corroborate such judgments and searching for evidence contrary to such judgments. In addition, we reviewed the bad debt reserves analysis and rent rolls for any tenants with large reserved balances or upcoming lease expirations, in addition to reviewing various industry market surveys that indicate potential tenants with deteriorating credit quality to determine if they occupied a substantial portion of any particular property. Property asset acquisitions Description of the Matter In 2022, the Company acquired five assets, for a combined purchase price of approximately 120.6 million. As discussed in Note 1 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company accounted for these purchases as asset acquisitions in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance on acquisitions and business combinations. The Company s methodology of allocating the cost of acquisitions to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on relative fair values. For acquired operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land and buildings, intangible assets such as in-place leases, and intangible liabilities assumed, if any. 
 Auditing the Company s accounting for its acquisitions was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant judgment required in determining estimated fair values of the acquired land and buildings, intangible assets such as in-place leases, and intangible liabilities. The significant judgment was primarily due to (1) the judgmental nature of inputs, including discount rate, capitalization rates, cost multipliers and various market assumptions such as market rental rates, and (2) the complexity of the models used to allocate the value to the components of properties acquired could have a material effect on the Company s net income due to the differing depreciable and amortizable lives of each component and the classification of the related depreciation or amortization expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 52 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for determining and reviewing the key inputs and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities and allocating fair value to the various components. For example, we tested controls over the valuation of acquired land, buildings and intangible assets, including the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 Our testing of the Company s accounting for its acquisitions included, among other procedures, reading the purchase agreement and testing the values allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by evaluating the valuation methods and significant assumptions used by management. For example, our real estate valuation specialists assisted us in evaluating the methodologies used by the Company and testing the consistency of the selected discount rates, capitalization rates, and various market assumptions such as market rental rates with external market data sources. Additionally, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the determination of various inputs. Also, with the assistance of our specialists, we evaluated the incorporation of the key assumptions in the aforementioned models and tested such models for clerical accuracy. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 53 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 8 and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Retail Opportunity Investments Corp). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 54 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 The Partners of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP (the Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, Partners capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 8 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Operating Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Operating Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Operating Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Operating Partnership is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Impairment of real estate investments Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Operating Partnership s real estate investments totaled 2.8 billion. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Operating Partnership reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the real estate investments are not expected to be recovered through future undiscounted cash flows. The Operating Partnership did not identify any assets that were impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 
 55 

Auditing management s assessment of impairment is challenging due to the high degree of subjective auditor judgment necessary in evaluating management s identification of indicators of potential impairment and the related assessment of the severity of such indicators in determining whether a triggering event has occurred that requires the Operating Partnership to evaluate the recoverability of the asset. The significant inputs used in the assessment included capitalization rates, current and estimated future cash flows associated with each property, which were based on market information including, where applicable, market rental rates, leasing trends, occupancy trends, and other quantitative and qualitative factors. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding of management s process to identify indicators of impairment, including the qualitative and quantitative analysis and related inputs and assumptions used in performing the analyses. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls that address the identification of indicators of impairment, in addition to controls around the quantitative assessment of impairment. For example, we tested controls over the Operating Partnership s process to estimate the fair value of its real estate assets and to assess the recoverability of each investment, including controls over management s development and review of the significant inputs and assumptions described above used in the quantitative assessment. Our testing of the Operating Partnership s impairment assessment included, among other procedures, evaluating significant judgments applied in determining whether indicators of impairment were present at any given property by obtaining evidence to corroborate such judgments and searching for evidence contrary to such judgments. In addition, we reviewed the bad debt reserves analysis and rent rolls for any tenants with large reserved balances or upcoming lease expirations, in addition to reviewing various industry market surveys that indicate potential tenants with deteriorating credit quality to determine if they occupied a substantial portion of any particular property. Property asset acquisitions Description of the Matter In 2022, the Operating Partnership acquired five assets, for a combined purchase price of approximately 120.6 million. As discussed in Note 1 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Operating Partnership accounted for these purchases as asset acquisitions in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance on acquisitions and business combinations. The Operating Partnership s methodology of allocating the cost of acquisitions to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is based on relative fair values. For acquired operating real estate properties, the purchase price is allocated to land and buildings, intangible assets such as in-place leases, and intangible liabilities assumed, if any. 
 Auditing the Operating Partnership s accounting for its acquisitions was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant judgment required in determining estimated fair values of the acquired land and buildings, intangible assets such as in-place leases, and intangible liabilities. The significant judgment was primarily due to (1) the judgmental nature of inputs, including discount rate, capitalization rates, cost multipliers and various market assumptions such as market rental rates, and (2) the complexity of the models used to allocate the value to the components of properties acquired could have a material effect on the Operating Partnership s net income due to the differing depreciable and amortizable lives of each component and the classification of the related depreciation or amortization expense in the Operating Partnership s consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 56 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Operating Partnership s process for determining and reviewing the key inputs and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities and allocating fair value to the various components. For example, we tested controls over the valuation of acquired land, buildings and intangible assets, including the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 Our testing of the Operating Partnership s accounting for its acquisitions included, among other procedures, reading the purchase agreement and testing the values allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed by evaluating the valuation methods and significant assumptions used by management. For example, our real estate valuation specialists assisted us in evaluating the methodologies used by the Operating Partnership and testing the consistency of the selected discount rates, capitalization rates, and various market assumptions such as market rental rates with external market data sources. Additionally, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the determination of various inputs. Also, with the assistance of our specialists, we evaluated the incorporation of the key assumptions in the aforementioned models and tested such models for clerical accuracy. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Operating Partnership s auditor since 2013. 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 57 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Real Estate Investments: Land Building and improvements Less: accumulated depreciation Mortgage note receivable Real Estate Investments, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables, net Deposits Acquired lease intangible assets, net Prepaid expenses Deferred charges, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Term loan Credit facility Senior Notes Mortgage notes payable Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Tenants security deposits Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated dividends in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Rental revenue Other income Total revenues Operating expenses Property operating Property taxes Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Other expense Total operating expenses Gain on sale of real estate Operating income Non-operating expenses Interest expense and other finance expenses ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net Income Attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Earnings per share basic and diluted Dividends per common share Comprehensive income: Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized swap derivative gain (loss) arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of interest expense included in net income Other comprehensive income (loss): ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 59 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated dividends in excess of earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Non- controlling interests Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Shares issued under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock ) Stock based compensation expense Redemption of OP Units ) Cash redemption for non-controlling interests ) ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Registration expenditures ) ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends payable to officers ) ) ) Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Shares issued under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock ) Stock based compensation expense Redemption of OP Units ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Registration expenditures ) ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends payable to officers ) ) ) Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Shares issued under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock ) Stock based compensation expense Redemption of OP Units ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Registration expenditures ) ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends payable to officers ) ) Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and mortgage discounts and premiums, net Straight-line rent adjustment ) ) ) Amortization of above and below market rent ) ) ) Amortization relating to stock based compensation Provisions for tenant credit losses Other noncash interest (income) expense ) Gain on sale of real estate ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments in real estate ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Improvements to properties ) ) ) Deposits on real estate acquisitions, net ) Proceeds on repayment of mortgage note receivable Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Principal repayments on mortgages ) ) ) Proceeds from draws on credit facility Payments on credit facility ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units ) Distributions to OP Unitholders ) ) ) Deferred financing and other costs ) Proceeds from the sale of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) Registration expenditures ) ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Common shares issued under the Equity Incentive Plan Shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Real Estate Investments: Land Building and improvements Less: accumulated depreciation Mortgage note receivable Real Estate Investments, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables, net Deposits Acquired lease intangible assets, net Prepaid expenses Deferred charges, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL Liabilities: Term loan Credit facility Senior Notes Mortgage notes payable Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Tenants security deposits Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capital: Partners capital, unlimited partnership units authorized: ROIC capital Limited partners capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total capital Total liabilities and capital 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Rental revenue Other income Total revenues Operating expenses Property operating Property taxes Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Other expense Total operating expenses Gain on sale of real estate Operating income Non-operating expenses Interest expense and other finance expenses ) ) ) Net Income Attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Earnings per unit - basic and diluted Distributions per unit Comprehensive income: Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized swap derivative gain (loss) arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of interest expense included in net income Other comprehensive income (loss): ) Comprehensive income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 63 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital 
 (In thousands, except unit data) 
 Limited Partner s Capital (1) 
 ROIC Capital (2) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Units Amount Units Amount Capital Balance at December 31, 2019 ) OP Units issued under the Equity Incentive Plan OP Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Cancellation of OP Units ) Stock based compensation expense Equity redemption of OP Units ) ) Cash redemption of OP Units ) ) ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) Repurchase of OP Units ) ) ) Registration expenditures ) ) Cash distributions per unit) 
 ) ) ) Distributions payable to officers ) ) ) Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) OP Units issued under the Equity Incentive Plan OP Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Cancellation of OP Units ) Stock based compensation expense Equity redemption of OP Units ) ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) Issuance of OP Units in connection with sale of common stock Registration expenditures ) ) Cash distributions per unit) 
 ) ) ) Distributions payable to officers ) ) ) Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) OP Units issued under the Equity Incentive Plan OP Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Cancellation of OP Units ) Stock based compensation expense Equity redemption of OP Units ) ) Adjustment to non-controlling interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) Issuance of OP Units in connection with sale of common stock Registration expenditures ) ) Cash distributions per unit) 
 ) ) ) Distributions payable to officers ) ) Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and mortgage discounts and premiums, net Straight-line rent adjustment ) ) ) Amortization of above and below market rent ) ) ) Amortization relating to stock based compensation Provisions for tenant credit losses Other noncash interest (income) expense ) Gain on sale of real estate ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments in real estate ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Improvements to properties ) ) ) Deposits on real estate acquisitions, net ) Proceeds on repayment of mortgage note receivable Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Principal repayments on mortgages ) ) ) Proceeds from draws on credit facility Payments on credit facility ) ) ) Redemption of OP Units ) Deferred financing and other costs ) Proceeds from the issuance of OP Units in connection with issuance of common stock Repurchase of OP Units ) Registration expenditures ) ) ) Distributions to OP Unitholders ) ) ) Issuance of OP Units under the Equity Incentive Plan OP Units withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 
 66 

of its REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains) and meets certain other qualifications prescribed by the Code, will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income that is distributed. 
 
 Although it may qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company is subject to state income or franchise taxes in certain states in which some of its properties are located. For all periods from inception through September 26, 2013 the Operating Partnership had been an entity disregarded from its sole owner, ROIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes and as such had not been subject to U.S. federal income taxes. Effective September 27, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued OP Units in connection with the acquisitions of two shopping centers. Accordingly, the Operating Partnership ceased being a disregarded entity and instead is being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 The Company follows the FASB guidance that defines a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The FASB also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The Company records interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, as interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, the statute of limitations for the tax years 2018 through and including 2021 remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and state taxing authorities. 
 
 ROIC intends to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of its common stock. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pay U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100 of its net taxable income. ROIC intends to pay regular quarterly dividends to stockholders in an amount not less than its net taxable income, if and to the extent authorized by its board of directors. Before ROIC pays any dividend, whether for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise, it must first meet both its operating requirements and its debt service on debt. If ROIC s cash available for distribution is less than its net taxable income, it could be required to sell assets or borrow funds to make cash distributions or it may make a portion of the required distribution in the form of a taxable stock distribution or distribution of debt securities. The Company intends to continue to operate its business in a manner that will allow it to qualify as a REIT, including maintaining compliance with taxable income distribution requirements. 
 
 67 

6/17/2022 7/8/2022 9/16/2022 10/7/2022 12/15/2022 12/29/2022 
 ______________________ 
 
 (1) Represents dividends eligible for the 20 qualified business income deduction under Section 199A, and is included in Ordinary Income per Share 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company evaluates each acquisition of real estate to determine if the acquired property meets the definition of a business and needs to be accounted for as a business combination. The Company first determines whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If this threshold is met, the acquired property does not meet the definition of a business and is accounted for as an asset acquisition. The Company expects that acquisitions of real estate properties will not meet the revised definition of a business because substantially all of the fair value is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets (i.e. land, buildings, and related intangible assets). 
 
 The Company recognizes the acquisition of real estate properties, including acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, buildings and improvements), and acquired intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above-market and below-market leases and acquired in-place leases) at their fair value (for acquisitions meeting the definition of a business) and relative fair value (for acquisitions not meeting the definition of a business). The relative fair values used to allocate the cost of an asset acquisition are determined using the same methodologies and assumptions the Company utilizes to determine fair value in a business combination. 
 
 Acquired lease intangible assets include above-market leases and acquired in-place leases, and acquired lease intangible liabilities represent below-market leases, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant, which value is then allocated to land, buildings and improvements based on management s determination of the relative fair values of these assets. In valuing an acquired property s intangibles, factors considered by management include an estimate of carrying costs during the expected lease-up periods, and estimates of lost rental revenue during the expected lease-up periods based on management s evaluation of current market demand. Management also estimates costs to execute similar leases, including leasing commissions, tenant improvements, legal and other related costs. Leasing commissions, legal and other related costs lease origination costs are classified as Deferred charges in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The value of in-place leases is measured by the excess of (i) the purchase price paid for a property after adjusting existing in-place leases to market rental rates, over (ii) the estimated fair value of the property as if it were vacant. Above-market and below-market lease values are recorded based on the present value (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between the contractual amounts to be received and management s estimate of market lease rates, measured over the terms of the respective leases that management deemed appropriate at the time of acquisition. Such valuations include a consideration of the non-cancellable terms of the respective leases as well as any applicable renewal periods. The fair values associated with below-market rental renewal options are determined based on the Company s experience and the relevant facts and circumstances that existed at the time of the acquisitions. The value of the above-market and below-market leases is amortized to base rental income, over the terms of the respective leases including option periods, if applicable. The value of in-place leases is amortized to expense over the remaining non-cancellable terms of the respective 
 68 

t expense any acquisition transaction costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Sales of real estate are recognized only when it is determined that the Company will collect substantially all of the consideration to which it is entitled, possession and other attributes of ownership have been transferred to the buyer and the Company has no controlling financial interest. The application of these criteria can be complex and requires the Company to make assumptions. Management has determined that all of these criteria were met for all real estate sold during the periods presented. 
 
 Management does not believe that the value of any of the Company s real estate investments was impaired at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company has not experienced any losses related to these balances. 

69 

The allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 Certain of the Company s tenants experienced economic difficulties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and sought future rent relief, which was provided in the form of rent deferrals and rent abatements. Under ASC 842, Leases, subsequent changes to lease payments that are not stipulated in the original lease contract are generally accounted for as lease modifications. Due to the number of lease contracts that would require analysis to determine, on a lease by lease basis, whether such a concession is required to be accounted for as a lease modification, the FASB staff provided clarity as to an acceptable approach to accounting for lease concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The FASB staff provided guidance that it would be acceptable for entities to make an election to account for lease concessions related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic consistent with how those concessions would be accounted for under ASC 842 as though enforceable rights and obligations for those concessions existed in the existing lease contract, as long as the concession does not result in a substantial increase in the rights of the lessor or the obligations of the lessee, thereby not requiring entities to apply lease modification guidance to those contracts. The Company elected to not account for such COVID-19 concessions as lease modifications. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company entered into lease concessions that deferred approximately million of contractual amounts billed. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of such deferral amounts have been rebilled in accordance with the underlying agreements, of which approximately million, or approximately has been collected. The Company evaluated rent relief requests on a case-by-case basis and not all tenant requests resulted in concession agreements, nor did the Company forego its contractual rights under its lease agreements. 
 
 to years. Property improvements are depreciated over estimated useful lives that range from to years. Furniture and fixtures are depreciated over estimated useful lives that range from to years. Tenant improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the related leases or their useful life. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 70 

Less income attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Less earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available for common stockholders, basic Numerator: Net income Less earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available for common stockholders, diluted Denominator: Denominator for basic EPS weighted average common equivalent shares OP Units Performance-based restricted stock awards and LTIP Units Stock options Denominator for diluted EPS weighted average common equivalent shares 
 
 71 

Less earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Net income available to unitholders, basic and diluted Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per unit weighted average common equivalent units Performance-based restricted stock awards and LTIP Units Stock options Denominator for diluted earnings per unit weighted average common equivalent units 

72 

reportable segment as the properties share similar long-term economic characteristics and have other similarities including the fact that they are operated using consistent business strategies, are typically located in major metropolitan areas, and have similar tenant mixes. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Supplemental Disclosures 
 
 Interest paid Other non-cash investing and financing activities increase (decrease): Intangible lease liabilities Interest rate swap liabilities ) ) Accrued real estate improvement costs Equity redemption of OP Units Dividends and distributions payable 

2. 
 million. Olympia Square North is approximately square feet and is anchored by Albertsons Supermarket. The property was acquired with cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company acquired the property known as Powell Valley Junction, located in Gresham, Oregon, within the Portland metropolitan area, for an adjusted purchase price of approximately million. Powell Valley Junction is approximately square feet and is anchored by Walmart Neighborhood Market. The property was acquired with cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 73 

million. Village Oaks Shopping Center is approximately square feet and is anchored by Save Mart (Lucky California) Supermarket. The property was acquired with cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 On August 19, 2022, the Company acquired two properties known as Ballinger Village, located in Shoreline, Washington, within the Seattle metropolitan area, and Thomas Lake Shopping Center located in Mill Creek, Washington, within the Seattle metropolitan area, for an adjusted purchase price of approximately million and million, respectively. Ballinger Village is approximately square feet and is anchored by Thriftway Supermarket and Rite Aid Pharmacy. Thomas Lake Shopping Center is approximately square feet and is anchored by Albertsons Supermarket and Rite Aid Pharmacy. These properties were acquired by the Company using proceeds from the sale of one of its shopping centers, discussed below, as well as cash on hand and borrowings under the credit facility. 
 
 Property Asset Acquisitions in 2021 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired four properties with a total of approximately square feet as well as a single tenant parcel contiguous to one of its existing shopping centers for a total adjusted purchase price of approximately million. 
 
 Building and improvements Acquired lease intangible asset Deferred charges Assets acquired Liabilities Acquired lease intangible liability Liabilities assumed 
 
 Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 The following table summarizes the operating results included in the Company s historical consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, for property assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 Statement of operations: Revenues Net income attributable to Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 74 

million, less costs to sell, resulted in net proceeds of approximately million. The Company recorded a gain on sale of real estate of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to this property disposition. 
 
 Property Dispositions in 2021 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold three properties. The total sales price of approximately million, less costs to sell, resulted in net proceeds of approximately million. The Company recorded gains on sale of real estate of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to these property dispositions. 
 
 Any reference to square footage or occupancy is unaudited and outside the scope of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm s audit of the Company s financial statements in accordance with the standards of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

3. 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Above-market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Acquired lease intangible assets, net Liabilities: Below-market leases Accumulated amortization ) ) Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the net amortization of acquired lease intangible assets and acquired lease intangible liabilities for above- and below-market leases was million, million and million, respectively, which amounts are included in Rental revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the amortization of in-place leases was million, million and million, respectively, which amounts are included in Depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future amortization of acquired lease intangible assets 
 
 75 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future amortization of acquired lease intangible liabilities 

4. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments 

5. 
 million, without penalty, in accordance with the prepayment provisions of the note. Additionally, on March 31, 2022, the Company repaid in full the mortgage note related to Riverstone Marketplace for a total of approximately million without penalty, in accordance with the prepayment provisions of the note. 
 
 76 

Riverstone Marketplace July 2022 Fullerton Crossroads April 2024 Diamond Hills Plaza October 2025 Unamortized mortgage premiums Net unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Total mortgage notes payable 
 
 2024 2025 Thereafter Total 
 
 Term Loan and Credit Facility 
 
 Net unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Term loan 
 
 The Operating Partnership has an unsecured term loan (the term loan with several banks under which the lenders agreed to provide a million unsecured term loan facility. Effective December 20, 2019, the Operating Partnership entered into the First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement (as amended, the Term Loan Agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the term loan was extended from September 8, 2022 to January 20, 2025, without further options for extension. The Term Loan Agreement also provides that the Operating Partnership may from time to time request increased aggregate commitments of million under certain conditions set forth in the Term Loan Agreement, including the consent of the lenders for the additional commitments. Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to an applicable rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, plus, as applicable, (i) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the cost of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the relevant period (the Eurodollar Rate ), or (ii) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the rate of interest announced by KeyBank National Association as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus . 
 77 

million and the maturity date of the credit facility was extended from September 8, 2021 to February 20, 2024, with extension options, which may be exercised by the Operating Partnership upon satisfaction of certain conditions including the payment of extension fees. Additionally, the Credit Facility Agreement contains an accordion feature, which allows the Operating Partnership to increase the borrowing capacity under the credit facility up to an aggregate of billion, subject to lender consents and other conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to an applicable rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, plus, as applicable, (i) the Eurodollar Rate, or (ii) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the rate of interest announced by KeyBank National Association as its prime rate, and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus . Additionally, the Operating Partnership is obligated to pay a facility fee at a rate based on the credit rating level of the Company, currently , and a fronting fee at a rate of per year with respect to each letter of credit issued under the Credit Facility Agreement, of which the Operating Partnership had none outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Company has investment grade credit ratings from Moody s Investors Service (Baa2), S P Global Ratings (BBB-) and Fitch Ratings (BBB). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million was outstanding under the credit facility, compared to borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2021. The net unamortized deferred financing costs, which are included in Deferred charges, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were approximately million as of December 31, 2022 compared to approximately million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 The weighted average interest rate on the term loan during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . As discussed in Note 11 of the accompanying financial statements below, the Company has historically used interest rate swaps to help manage its interest rate risk. The Company s interest rate swaps matured effective August 31, 2022, and accordingly the interest rate on the term loan was no longer effectively fixed and outstanding borrowings under the term loan became subject to a variable interest rate, as detailed above, effective September 1, 2022. The weighted average interest rate on the credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The Company had available borrowings under the term loan at December 31, 2022. The Company had million available to borrow under the credit facility at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Senior Notes Due 2027 
 
 Net unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Senior Notes Due 2027 
 
 On November 10, 2017, the Operating Partnership entered into a Note Purchase Agreement which provided for the issuance of million principal amount of Senior Notes Due 2027 (the Senior Notes Due 2027 in a private placement effective December 15, 2017. The Senior Notes Due 2027 pay interest on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing on June 15, 2018, and mature on December 15, 2027, unless prepaid earlier by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership s performance of the obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement, including the payment of any outstanding indebtedness thereunder, are guaranteed, jointly and severally, by ROIC. 
 
 78 

Net unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Senior Notes Due 2026 
 
 On July 26, 2016, the Operating Partnership entered into a Note Purchase Agreement, as amended, which provided for the issuance of million principal amount of Senior Notes Due 2026 (the Senior Notes Due 2026 in a private placement effective September 22, 2016. The Senior Notes Due 2026 pay interest on March 22 and September 22 of each year, commencing on March 22, 2017, and mature on September 22, 2026, unless prepaid earlier by the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership s performance of the obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement, including the payment of any outstanding indebtedness thereunder, are guaranteed, jointly and severally, by ROIC. 
 
 Senior Notes Due 2024 
 
 Unamortized debt discount ) ) Net unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Senior Notes Due 2024 
 
 On December 3, 2014, the Operating Partnership completed a registered underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2024 (the Senior Notes Due 2024 ), fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ROIC. The Senior Notes Due 2024 pay interest semi-annually on June 15 and December 15, commencing on June 15, 2015, and mature on December 15, 2024, unless redeemed earlier by the Operating Partnership. The Senior Notes Due 2024 are the Operating Partnership s senior unsecured obligations that rank equally in right of payment with the Operating Partnership s other unsecured indebtedness, and effectively junior to (i) all of the indebtedness and other liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, and any preferred equity of the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries, and (ii) all of the Operating Partnership s indebtedness that is secured by its assets, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness outstanding. ROIC fully and unconditionally guaranteed the Operating Partnership s obligations under the Senior Notes Due 2024 on a senior unsecured basis, including the due and punctual payment of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the notes, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, notice of redemption or otherwise. The guarantee is a senior unsecured obligation of ROIC and ranks equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of ROIC. ROIC s guarantee of the Senior Notes Due 2024 is effectively subordinated in right of payment to all liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, and any preferred equity of its subsidiaries (including the Operating Partnership and any entity ROIC accounts for under the equity method of accounting). 
 
 79 

Unamortized debt discount ) ) Net unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Senior Notes Due 2023 
 
 On December 9, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed a registered underwritten public offering of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2023 (the Senior Notes Due 2023 ), fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ROIC. The Senior Notes Due 2023 pay interest semi-annually on June 15 and December 15, commencing on June 15, 2014, and mature on December 15, 2023, unless redeemed earlier by the Operating Partnership. The Senior Notes Due 2023 are the Operating Partnership s senior unsecured obligations that rank equally in right of payment with the Operating Partnership s other unsecured indebtedness, and effectively junior to (i) all of the indebtedness and other liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, and any preferred equity of the Operating Partnership s subsidiaries, and (ii) all of the Operating Partnership s indebtedness that is secured by its assets, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness outstanding. ROIC fully and unconditionally guaranteed the Operating Partnership s obligations under the Senior Notes Due 2023 on a senior unsecured basis, including the due and punctual payment of principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, the notes, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration, notice of redemption or otherwise. The guarantee is a senior unsecured obligation of ROIC and will rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of ROIC. ROIC s guarantee of the Senior Notes Due 2023 is effectively subordinated in right of payment to all liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, and any preferred equity of its subsidiaries (including the Operating Partnership and any entity ROIC accounts for under the equity method of accounting). 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 80 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 The Operating Partnership s debt agreements contain customary representations, financial and other covenants, and its ability to borrow under these agreements is subject to its compliance with financial covenants and other restrictions on an ongoing basis. The Company was in compliance with such covenants at December 31, 2022. 

6. 
 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

7. 
 per share Common Stock ), to or through the Agents and instruct certain of the Agents, acting as forward sellers (the Forward Sellers ), to offer and sell borrowed shares (any such shares, Forward Hedge Shares, and collectively with the Primary Shares, the Shares with the Shares to be sold under the Sales Agreement having an aggregate offering price of up to million. 
 
 The Sales Agreement contemplates that, in addition to the issuance and sale of Primary Shares to or through the Agents as principal or its sales agents, ROIC may enter into separate forward sale agreements with any of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC or their respective affiliates (in such capacity, the Forward Purchasers ). If ROIC enters into a forward sale agreement with any Forward Purchaser, ROIC expects that such Forward Purchaser or its affiliate will borrow from third parties and, through the relevant Forward Seller, sell a number of Forward Hedge Shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement, in accordance with the mutually accepted instructions related to such forward sale agreement. ROIC will not initially receive any proceeds from any sale of Forward Hedge Shares through a Forward Seller. ROIC expects to fully physically settle each particular forward sale agreement with the relevant Forward Purchaser on one or more dates specified by ROIC on or prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement by issuing shares of Common Stock (the Confirmation Shares ), in which case ROIC expects to receive aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the particular forward sale agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, ROIC may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case ROIC may not receive any proceeds from the 
 81 

sell any shares under the Sales Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, ROIC sold a total of shares under the Sales Agreement, which resulted in gross proceeds of approximately million and commissions of approximately paid to the Agents. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On July 31, 2013, ROIC s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to a maximum of million of the Company s common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did t repurchase any shares of common stock under this program. 

8. 
 Fungible Units (as defined in the Equity Incentive Plan) are reserved for grant under the Equity Incentive Plan. The Fungible Units represent a maximum of shares of the Company s common stock that could be granted pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan as full-value awards, such as restricted shares, based on the to 1.0 Fungible Unit-to-full-value award conversion ratio. A maximum of shares of the Company s common stock may be issued pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan if all grants made under the Equity Incentive Plan are granted as stock options, based on a to 1.0 Fungible Unit-to-stock option award conversion ratio. The Equity Incentive Plan will expire on April 25, 2032. 
 
 The Company has made under the Prior Plan, and may make under the Equity Incentive Plan, certain awards in the form of a separate series of units of limited partnership interests in its Operating Partnership called LTIP Units. LTIP Units can be granted either as free-standing awards or in tandem with other awards under the Equity Incentive Plan. The LTIP Units are subject to such conditions and restrictions as the compensation committee may determine, including continued employment or service, achievement of pre-established operational performance goals and market-indexed performance criteria. Upon the occurrence of specified events and subject to the satisfaction of applicable vesting conditions, LTIP Units (after conversion into OP Units, in accordance with the Partnership Agreement) are ultimately redeemable for cash or at ROIC s option, for shares of ROIC common stock on a one-for-one basis. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, ROIC awarded shares of restricted common stock under the Prior Plan, of which shares are performance-based grants and the remainder of the shares are time-based grants. The performance-based grants vest based on both pre-defined operational and market-indexed performance criteria with a vesting date on January 1, 2025. 
 
 82 

Vested ) Granted Forfeited ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there remained a total of approximately million of unrecognized restricted stock compensation expense related to outstanding non-vested restricted stock grants awarded under the Prior Plan. Restricted stock compensation is expected to be expensed over a remaining weighted average period of years (irrespective of achievement of the performance conditions). The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 LTIP Units 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, LTIP Units vested under the Prior Plan, issued at a weighted average grant date fair value of . Vesting of the LTIP Units was based on the Company s achievement of certain performance criteria during the performance period from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021. Vested LTIP Units, after achieving parity with OP Units (as described in the Operating Partnership s Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, as amended (the Partnership Agreement )), are eligible to be converted into OP Units on a one-for-one basis upon the satisfaction of conditions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. On January 18, 2022, LTIP Units were converted by the Company into OP Units upon satisfying such conditions. Upon conversion of LTIP Units into OP Units, holders are able to redeem their OP Units for cash or, at ROIC s option, for shares of ROIC common stock on a one-for-one basis. 
 
 Stock Based Compensation Expense 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the amounts charged to expense for all stock based compensation arrangements totaled approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Profit Sharing and Savings Plan 
 
 During 2011, the Company established a profit sharing and savings plan (the 401K Plan ), which permits eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation in accordance with the Code. Under the 401K Plan, the Company made matching contributions on behalf of eligible employees. The Company made contributions to the 401K Plan of approximately , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

9. 
 OP Units outstanding. ROIC owned an approximate interest in the Operating Partnership at December 31, 2022, or OP Units. The remaining OP Units are owned by other limited partners. A share of ROIC s common stock and an OP Unit have essentially the same economic characteristics as they share equally in the total net income or loss and distributions of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, subject to certain exceptions, holders are able to redeem their OP Units for cash or, at ROIC s option, for shares of ROIC common stock on a one-for-one basis. If cash is paid in the redemption, the redemption price is equal to the average closing price on the NASDAQ Stock Market for shares of ROIC s common stock over the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date a redemption notice is received by ROIC. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, ROIC received notices of redemption for a total of OP Units. ROIC elected to redeem the OP Units for shares of ROIC common stock on a one-for-one basis, and accordingly, shares of ROIC common stock were issued. 
 83 

million, calculated based on the average closing price of ROIC s common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market for the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding December 31, 2022, which amounted to per share. 
 
 Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, ROIC s wholly-owned subsidiary, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, and as the parent company, ROIC has the full and complete authority over the Operating Partnership s day-to-day management and control. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, ROIC effectively controls the ability to issue common stock of ROIC upon redemption of any OP Units. The redemption provisions that permit ROIC to settle the redemption of OP Units in either cash or common stock, in the sole discretion of ROIC, are further evaluated in accordance with applicable accounting guidance to determine whether temporary or permanent equity classification on the balance sheet is appropriate. The Company evaluated this guidance, including the ability, in its sole discretion, to settle in unregistered shares of common stock, and determined that the OP Units meet the requirements to qualify for presentation as permanent equity. 

10. 
 million and million, respectively, calculated using significant inputs which are not observable in the market, or Level 3. The fair value of the outstanding Senior Notes Due 2024 and Senior Notes Due 2023 at December 31, 2022 was approximately million and million, respectively, based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data, or Level 2. Assumed mortgage notes payable were recorded at their fair value at the time they were assumed. The Company s outstanding mortgage notes payable were estimated to have a fair value of approximately million with a weighted average interest rate of as of December 31, 2022. These fair value measurements fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 84 

11. 
 interest rate swaps that effectively fixed the interest rate on the Company s term loan matured effective August 31, 2022. 
 
 ) ) 
 
 Amounts paid, or received, to cash settle interest rate derivatives prior to their maturity date are recorded in AOCI at the cash settlement amount, and will be reclassified to interest expense as interest expense is recognized on the hedged debt. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that approximately will be reclassified as a non-cash decrease to interest expense related to the Company s previously cash-settled swap arrangements. 
 
 85 

) 
 
 Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 
 ) Amount of loss reclassified from AOCI into interest 

12. 
 million, which is included in Other liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets, and related net right-to-use asset of approximately million, which is included in Other assets in the accompanying balance sheets, represents all operating leases in which the Company is a lessee. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s weighted average remaining lease term is approximately years and the weighted average discount rate used to calculate the Company s lease liability is approximately . Rent expense under the Company s ground leases was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments Future minimum lease payments, discount ) Lease liability 
 
 Tax Protection Agreements 
 
 In connection with certain acquisitions from September 2013 through March 2017, the Company entered into Tax Protection Agreements with certain limited partners of the Operating Partnership. The Tax Protection Agreements require the Company, subject to certain exceptions, to indemnify the respective sellers receiving OP Units against certain tax liabilities incurred by them, as calculated pursuant to the respective Tax Protection Agreements, for a period of years (with respect to Tax Protection Agreements entered into in September 2013), or years (with respect to Tax Protection Agreements entered into 
 86 

13. 
 , and , respectively, of expenses relating to the agreements which were included in General and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

14. 
 
 per share and per OP Unit, payable on April 7, 2023 to holders of record on March 17, 2023. 

87 

12/22/2009 Santa Ana Downtown Plaza, CA 1/26/2010 Meridian Valley Plaza, WA 2/1/2010 The Market at Lake Stevens, WA ) 3/16/2010 Pleasant Hill Marketplace, CA 4/8/2010 Happy Valley Town Center, OR 7/14/2010 Cascade Summit Town Square, OR 8/20/2010 Heritage Market Center, WA 9/23/2010 Claremont Promenade, CA 9/23/2010 Sycamore Creek, CA 9/30/2010 Gateway Village, CA 12/16/2010 Division Crossing, OR 12/22/2010 Halsey Crossing, OR (2) 
 12/22/2010 Marketplace Del Rio, CA 1/3/2011 Pinole Vista Shopping Center, CA 1/6/2011 Desert Springs Marketplace, CA 2/17/2011 Renaissance Towne Centre, CA 8/3/2011 Country Club Gate Center, CA 7/8/2011 Canyon Park Shopping Center, WA 7/29/2011 Hawks Prairie Shopping Center, WA 9/8/2011 The Kress Building, WA 9/30/2011 Hillsboro Market Center, OR (2) 
 11/23/2011 Gateway Shopping Center, WA (2) 
 2/16/2012 Marlin Cove Shopping Center, CA 5/4/2012 Seabridge Marketplace, CA 5/31/2012 The Village at Novato, CA 7/24/2012 Glendora Shopping Center, CA 8/1/2012 Wilsonville Old Town Square, OR 2010/2012 Bay Plaza, CA 10/5/2012 Santa Teresa Village, CA 11/8/2012 Cypress Center West, CA 12/7/2012 Redondo Beach Plaza, CA 12/28/2012 Harbor Place Center, CA 12/28/2012 
 88 

2/1/2013 Bernardo Heights Plaza, CA 2/6/2013 Canyon Crossing, WA 4/15/2013 Diamond Hills Plaza, CA 4/22/2013 Granada Shopping Center, CA 6/27/2013 Hawthorne Crossings, CA 6/27/2013 Robinwood Shopping Center, OR 8/23/2013 5 Points Plaza, CA 9/27/2013 Crossroads Shopping Center, WA 2010/2013 Peninsula Marketplace, CA 11/1/2013 Country Club Village, CA 11/26/2013 Plaza de la Canada, CA (2) 
 12/13/2013 Tigard Marketplace, OR 2/18/2014 Creekside Plaza, CA 2/28/2014 North Park Plaza, CA 4/30/2014 Fallbrook Shopping Center, CA (2) 
 6/13/2014 Moorpark Town Center, CA 12/4/2014 Mission Foothill Marketplace Pads, CA 12/4/2014 Wilsonville Town Center, OR 12/11/2014 Park Oaks Shopping Center, CA 1/6/2015 Ontario Plaza, CA 1/6/2015 Winston Manor, CA 1/7/2015 Jackson Square, CA 7/1/2015 Tigard Promenade, OR 7/28/2015 Sunnyside Village Square, OR 7/28/2015 Gateway Centre, CA 9/1/2015 Johnson Creek Center, OR 11/9/2015 Iron Horse Plaza, CA 12/4/2015 Bellevue Marketplace, WA 12/10/2015 Four Corner Square, WA 12/21/2015 Warner Plaza, CA 12/31/2015 Magnolia Shopping Center, CA 3/10/2016 Casitas Plaza Shopping Center, CA 3/10/2016 Bouquet Center, CA 4/28/2016 North Ranch Shopping Center, CA 6/1/2016 Monterey Center, CA (2) 
 7/14/2016 Rose City Center, OR (2) 
 ) 9/15/2016 
 89 

10/3/2016 Bridle Trails Shopping Center, WA 10/17/2016 Torrey Hills Corporate Center, CA 12/6/2016 PCC Community Markets Plaza, WA 1/25/2017 The Terraces, CA 3/17/2017 Santa Rosa Southside Shopping Center, CA 3/24/2017 Division Center, OR 4/5/2017 Highland Hill Shopping Center, WA 5/9/2017 Monta Loma Plaza, CA 9/19/2017 Fullerton Crossroads, CA 10/11/2017 Riverstone Marketplace, WA 10/11/2017 North Lynnwood Shopping Center, WA 10/19/2017 The Village at Nellie Gail Ranch, CA 11/30/2017 Stadium Center, WA 2/23/2018 King City Plaza, OR 5/18/2018 Summerwalk Village, WA 12/13/2019 Canyon Creek Plaza, CA 9/1/2021 Palomar Village, CA 10/12/2021 South Point Plaza, WA 11/10/2021 Olympia West Center, WA 12/6/2021 Powell Valley Junction, OR 4/1/2022 Olympia Square North, WA 4/1/2022 Village Oaks Shopping Center, CA 5/17/2022 Thomas Lake Shopping Center, WA 8/19/2022 Ballinger Village, WA 8/19/2022 
 
 90 

Property improvements during the year Properties acquired during the year Properties sold during the year ) ) Assets written off during the year ) ) ) Balance at end of period: 
 
 b. RECONCILIATION OF ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of period: Depreciation expenses Properties sold during the year ) ) Property assets fully depreciated and written off ) ) ) Balance at end of period: 
 
 (1) Depreciation and investments in building and improvements reflected in the consolidated statements of operations is calculated over the estimated useful life of the assets as follows: 
 
 Building: - years 
 Property Improvements: - years 
 
 (2) Property, or a portion thereof, is subject to a ground lease. 
 
 (3) The aggregate cost for Federal Income Tax Purposes for real estate was approximately billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 91 

Repayments on mortgage note receivable ) ) ) Balance at end of period: 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures (Retail Opportunity Investments Corp.) 
 
 ROIC maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, ROIC s management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and its management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 ROIC s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, based on their evaluation of ROIC s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15, have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, ROIC s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to give reasonable assurances to the timely collection, evaluation and disclosure of information relating to ROIC that would potentially be subject to disclosure under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in ROIC s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, ROIC s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures (Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP) 
 
 The Operating Partnership maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, the Operating Partnership s management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and its management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, based on their evaluation of the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15, have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Operating Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to give reasonable assurances to the timely collection, evaluation and disclosure of information relating to the Operating Partnership that would potentially be subject to disclosure under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 92 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no change in the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Retail Opportunity Investments Corp.) 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of ROIC s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, ROIC conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on that evaluation, Management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which appears on page 54 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP) 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of ROIC, the Operating Partnership conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on that evaluation, Management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in ROIC s or the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during its most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 93 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 (a)(1) and (2) Financial Statements and Schedule 
 
 Please refer to the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 2.1 Articles of Merger, by and between Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., a Delaware corporation, and Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., a Maryland corporation, as survivor, dated as of June 1, 2011 (2) 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (2) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (25) 
 3.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC as general partner, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the other limited partners thereto, dated as of September 27, 2013 (5) 
 3.4 
 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, dated as of December 4, 2015 (10) 
 3.5 
 Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, dated as of December 10, 2015 (10) 
 3.6 
 Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, dated as of December 31, 2015 (10) 
 3.7 
 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, dated as of March 10, 2016 (11) 
 3.8 Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, dated as of March 24, 2017 (14) 
 3.9 
 Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, dated as of October 11, 2017 (16) 
 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 
 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (1) 
 4.3 Indenture, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated as of December 9, 2013 (6) 
 
 94 

4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, dated as of December 9, 2013 (6) 
 4.5 5.000 Senior Notes due 2023 of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, guaranteed by Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., dated as of December 9, 2013 (7) 
 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (including Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2024 of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, guaranteed by Retail Opportunity Investments Corp.), dated as of December 3, 2014 (8) 
 4.7 Description of Securities (21) 
 10.1 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 10.2 Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (19) 
 10.3 Second Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (24) 
 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 10.5 Form of Option Award Agreement under 2009 Equity Incentive Plan and Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 10.6 Letter Agreement, by and between Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and Richard A. Baker, dated as of April 2, 2012 (3) 
 10.7 Letter Agreement, by and between Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and Laurie Sneve, dated as of October 24, 2012 (4) 
 10.8 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partners identified therein, dated as of September 27, 2013 (5) 
 10.9 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partners identified therein, dated as of September 27, 2013 (5) 
 10.10 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holders named therein, dated as of September 27, 2013 (5) 
 10.11 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holders named therein, dated as of September 27, 2013 (5) 
 10.12 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partners identified therein, dated as of December 11, 2014 (9) 
 10.13 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holder named therein, dated as of December 11, 2014 (9) 
 10.14 
 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partners identified therein, dated as of December 4, 2015 (10) 
 10.15 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holders named therein, dated as of December 4, 2015 (10) 
 10.16 
 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partners identified therein, dated as of December 10, 2015 (10) 
 10.17 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holders named therein, dated as of December 10, 2015 (10) 
 10.18 
 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partner identified therein, dated as of December 31, 2015 (10) 
 10.19 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holder named therein, dated as of December 31, 2015 (10) 
 10.20 
 Tax Protection Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and the protected partner identified therein, dated as of March 10, 2016 (11) 
 
 95 

10.21 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the holder named therein, dated as of March 10, 2016 (11) 
 10.22 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2017, by and between the Company and Stuart A. Tanz (13) 
 10.23 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2017, by and between the Company and Richard K. Schoebel (13) 
 10.24 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2017, by and between the Company and Michael B. Haines (13) 
 10.25 First Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., as the Parent Guarantor, Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, as the Borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, BMO Capital Markets and Regions Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents, Capital One, National Association, as Documentation Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, dated as of September 8, 2017 (15) 
 10.26 First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., as the Parent Guarantor, Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, as the Borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, BMO Capital Markets and Regions Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents, Capital One, National Association, as Documentation Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, dated as of December 20, 2019 (20) 
 10.27 
 Second Amendment to First Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2020, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., as the Parent Guarantor, Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, as the Borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (23) 
 10.28 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., as the guarantor, and Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, PNC Bank National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents and the other lenders party thereto, dated as of September 8, 2017 (15) 
 10.29 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., as the guarantor, and Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, PNC Bank National Association and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents and the other lenders party thereto, dated as of December 20, 2019 (20) 
 10.30 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2020, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., as the guarantor, and Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, as the borrower, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (23) 
 10.31 Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2016, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp and the purchasers named therein (12) 
 10.32 First Amendment, dated as of September 8, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2016, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp and the purchasers named therein (17) 
 10.33 
 Third Amendment, dated as of July 29, 2020 to the Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2016, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp and the purchasers named therein (23) 
 10.34 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2017, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the purchasers named therein (18) 
 10.35 
 First Amendment, dated as of July 29, 2020 to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2017, by and among Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, Retail Opportunity Investments Corp and the purchasers named therein (23) 
 10.36 
 Sales Agreement, dated February 20, 2020, by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, the Agents and the Forward Purchasers (22) 
 
 96 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP for Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 23.2 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP for Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 32.1 
 Certifications pursuant to Section 1350 
 101 SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101 CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101 DEF Inline Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101 LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101 PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in Inline XBRL (and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________________ 
 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2009. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2011. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2012. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2013. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2013. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 25, 2014. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2014. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, filed on February 25, 2015. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed on February 24, 2016. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2016. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed on October 26, 2016. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2017. 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017 filed on April 27, 2017. 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2017. 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2017. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed on October 25, 2017. 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2017. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2019. 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2020. 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2020. 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2020. 
 (24) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2022. 
 (25) Incorporated by reference to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2022. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished with this report. 
 + Unless otherwise noted, all exhibits have File No. 001-33479. 
 
 97 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 98 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. Registrant Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Stuart A. Tanz Stuart A. Tanz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

99 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stuart A. Tanz and Michael B. Haines, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits and schedule thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Richard A. Baker Richard A. Baker Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Stuart A. Tanz Stuart A. Tanz President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Michael B. Haines Michael B. Haines Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Laurie A. Sneve Laurie A. Sneve Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Angela K. Ho Angela K. Ho Director 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Michael J. Indiveri Michael J. Indiveri Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Zabrina M. Jenkins Zabrina M. Jenkins Director 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Lee S. Neibart Lee S. Neibart Director 
 
 100 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Adrienne B. Pitts Adrienne B. Pitts Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Laura H. Pomerantz Laura H. Pomerantz Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Eric S. Zorn Eric S. Zorn Director 
 
 101 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP, by Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, its sole general partner Registrant Date: February 16, 2023 By: /s/ Stuart A. Tanz Stuart A. Tanz President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

102 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stuart A. Tanz and Michael B. Haines, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits and schedule thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Richard A. Baker Richard A. Baker Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Stuart A. Tanz Stuart A. Tanz President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Michael B. Haines Michael B. Haines Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Laurie A. Sneve Laurie A. Sneve Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Angela K. Ho Angela K. Ho Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Michael J. Indiveri Michael J. Indiveri Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Zabrina M. Jenkins Zabrina M. Jenkins Director 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Lee S. Neibart Lee S. Neibart Director 
 
 103 

Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Adrienne B. Pitts Adrienne B. Pitts Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Laura H. Pomerantz Laura H. Pomerantz Director 
 
 Date: February 16, 2023 /s/ Eric S. Zorn Eric S. Zorn Director 
 104 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 roic-123122xex21110xkq4.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 Company Jurisdiction of Organization Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP Delaware Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC Delaware ROIC Paramount Plaza, LLC Delaware ROIC Santa Ana, LLC Delaware ROIC Washington, LLC Delaware ROIC Oregon, LLC Delaware ROIC California, LLC Delaware ROIC Crossroads GP, LLC Delaware ROIC Crossroads LP, LLC Delaware ROIC Pinole Vista, LLC Delaware ROIC Hillsboro, LLC Delaware ROIC Cypress West, LLC Delaware ROIC Redondo Beach Plaza, LLC Delaware ROIC DBTC, LLC Delaware Terranomics Crossroads Associates, LP California SARM Five Points Plaza, LLC Washington ROIC Robinwood, LLC Delaware ROIC Creekside Plaza, LLC Delaware ROIC Park Oaks, LLC Delaware ROIC Diamond Hills Plaza, LLC Delaware ROIC Warner Plaza, LLC Delaware ROIC Four Corner Square, LLC Delaware ROIC Bouquet Center, LLC Delaware ROIC Monterey, LLC Delaware ROIC IGAP, LLC Delaware ROIC TUO, LLC Delaware Sunhill Properties, LLC California Uhlmann-Burbank, LLC California ROIC Fullerton Crossroads, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 roic-123122xex23110xkq4.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 MEF on Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-146777), and the related Prospectus, of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-198974), and the related Prospectus, of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-210413), and the related Prospectus, of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., 
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-264510), and the related Prospectus, of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, and 
 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-269041) pertaining to the Second Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 roic-123122xex23210xkq4.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-264510-01) of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. and Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP and in the related Prospectus of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 roic-123122xex31110xkq4.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Stuart A. Tanz, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Stuart A. Tanz Name Stuart A. Tanz Title Chief Executive Officer 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Stuart A. Tanz, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Stuart A. Tanz Name Stuart A. Tanz Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 roic-123122xex31210xkq4.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Michael B. Haines, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Michael B. Haines Name Michael B. Haines Title Chief Financial Officer 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Michael B. Haines, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Michael B. Haines Name Michael B. Haines Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 roic-123122xex32110xkq4.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP. 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Stuart A. Tanz Name Stuart A. Tanz Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of Retail Opportunity Investments Corp. (the Company ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Michael B. Haines Name Michael B. Haines Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission release 33-8238 dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS PARTNERSHIP, LP 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, the sole general partner of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP (the Operating Partnership ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Operating Partnership, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Stuart A. Tanz Name Stuart A. Tanz Title Chief Executive Officer 

The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of Retail Opportunity Investments GP, LLC, the sole general partner of Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership, LP (the Operating Partnership ), hereby certifies to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), filed concurrently herewith by the Operating Partnership, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 By s Michael B. Haines Name Michael B. Haines Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission release 33-8238 dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Operating Partnership for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Operating Partnership filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Operating Partnership and will be retained by the Operating Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 roic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 roic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 roic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 roic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 roic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

