<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_768216_0001553350-23-000218.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2014095</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105746</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>436814</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>549338</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>400692</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>468991</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000218.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330085002
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000218
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Logicquest Technology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000768216
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				760640970
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22711
		FILM NUMBER:		23777347

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 INDEPENDENCE WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-52389111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 INDEPENDENCE WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BLUEGATE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRESCENT COMMUNICATIONS  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BERENS INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000218.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 logq_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , , U.S.A. 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at
which the common equity was last sold based on the closing price on that date was approximately . 

On March 30, 2023 , 
the registrant had outstanding shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 10 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 12 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F- 1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 13 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 13 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 14 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 14 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 15 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 17 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 17 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 19 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 20 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 21 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 21 

SIGNATURES 
 
 22 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, 
 predict, project, should, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although
not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results,
and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. We cannot
assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise
these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

Where You Can Find Other Information 

We file annual, quarterly, and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC like us at http://www.sec.gov . Copies of documents
filed by us with the SEC are also available from us without charge, upon oral or written request to our Secretary, who can be contacted
at the address and telephone number set forth on the cover page of this Report. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at
5 Independence Way, Suite 300, Princeton, NJ, U.S.A. 08540; tel. voice: 609-514-5136, fax: 609-514-5104. Our website address is logq-inc.com .
The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and should not be considered
a part of this Report. 

Introduction 

Logicquest Technology, Inc. (the Company was originally incorporated as Solis Communications, Inc. on July 23, 2001 and adopted a name change to Crescent Communications Inc. upon
completion of a reverse acquisition of Berens Industries, Inc. In 2004, we changed our name to Bluegate Corporation Bluegate ).
On March 19, 2015, we changed our name to Logicquest Technology, Inc. 

Logicquest is a Nevada corporation that previously
consisted of a networking service (carrier/circuit) business, which provided internet connectivity to corporate clients on a subscription
basis; essentially operating as a value-added provider. During May 2014, the Board of Directors authorized an orderly wind down of the
Company's internet connectivity business which ceased operations effective June 30, 2014. 

In this Report, we refer to ourselves as Logicquest, 
 We, Us, the Company, and Our. 

Our growth is dependent on acquiring an operating
business or assets, attaining revenues from acquiring new operations and/or our raising capital through the sale of stock or debt. There
is no assurance that we will be able to locate an operating business, raise any financing or generate any revenues. 

Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Our
independent registered public accounting firm issued a going concern qualification in their report contained herein regarding substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC
Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets under the symbol LOGQ . 

1 

Corporate History 

In 1996, Congress passed the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA ). Two of the many features of HIPAA were a mandate that the healthcare industry
move toward using electronic communication technology to streamline and reduce the cost of healthcare, and a requirement that healthcare
providers treat virtually all healthcare information as confidential, especially when electronically transmitted. 

In 2001, Mr. Manfred Sternberg acquired effective
control of the Company and during 2002 and 2003 under his leadership, the company commenced development and completion of the necessary
systems to offer an integrated HIPAA compliant Medical Grade Network to the health care community, to provide electronic systems
required by increasing U.S. public policy mandates, to accelerate the movement to secure electronic health records. 

In 2003, a minority amount of our revenue was
related to our HIPAA business. In 2004, a majority of our revenue was related to our HIPAA business. In 2005, all of our revenues were
related to our health care service model. 

In 2004, to accelerate our movement into the electronic
health record business, we sold our Internet Service Provider ISP customer base effective June 21, 2004 to concentrate on
our health care IT solutions model and its Medical Grade Network . 

In 2004, we contracted with the largest healthcare
system in Texas to provide physicians with Internet bandwidth and managed security services using our Medical Grade Network . 

In March 2005, we acquired substantially all of
the assets and assumed certain ongoing contractual obligations of TEKMedia Communications, Inc., a company that provided traditional IT
consulting services. 

In September 2005, we acquired substantially all
of the assets and assumed certain ongoing contractual obligations of Trilliant Corporation, a company that provides assessment, design,
vendor selection, procurement and project management for large technology initiatives, particularly in the healthcare arena. 

Effective November 7, 2009, the Company:
1) disposed of certain Medical Grade Network MGN assets and business and eliminated certain liabilities (consisting primarily
of: a) furniture, computers and related software and peripherals with a 17,889 book value; b) contracts, agreements, lists of telephone
and fax numbers, licenses, permits, intellectual properties, registered mark for MGN, and the business name of Bluegate with a 0 net
book value; c) liabilities of 43,607 principally related to customer product prepays which were assumed by the purchaser) which were
acquired by Sperco, LLC Sperco (an entity controlled by Mr. Stephen Sperco SS ), our former CEO/President/Director)),
for 200,000, with payment made by a combination of 100,000 cash and 100,000 forgiveness of debt owed to SAI Corporation SAIC (an entity controlled by SS), plus a net adjustment of 7,100 due to the Company from Sperco resulting from the Company s collection
of principally accounts receivable totaling 161,900 on behalf of Sperco for the period from November 8, 2009 through December 31, 2009,
offset by Sperco s payment of 169,000 to the Company for the personnel, facilities, tools, and resources necessary for the Company
to support both the MGN and HIMS (defined below) operations for Sperco for the same period; 2) entered into a Separation Agreement and
Mutual Release in Full of all claims with Mr. Manfred Sternberg MS (former Director/Corporate Officer), which included
the elimination of 28,499 of accrued director fees and vehicle allowances in exchange for repayment of a loan plus accrued interest totaling
 44,369 to MS; and 3) entered into A Separation Agreement and Mutual Release in Full of all claims with Mr. William Koehler WK (former Director/Corporate Officer), which included the elimination of 28,499 of accrued director fees and vehicle allowances in exchange
for repayment of a loan plus accrued interest totaling 44,374 with a direct payment to WK s American Express account and a 1 payment
to WK; and 4) disposed of certain of Trilliant Technology Group, Inc. s assets and business (consisting primarily of: a) Computers
and related software and peripherals with a 0 net book value; and b) lists of telephone and fax numbers and intellectual properties with
a 0 net book value) to Trilliant Corporation (an entity controlled by WK) for a cash payment of 5,000; and 5) disposed of certain Bluegate
Healthcare Information Management Systems HIMS assets and business (consisting primarily of contracts, agreements and
intellectual property with a 0 net book value) to SAIC in exchange for a Mutual Release in Full of certain claims and a 1 payment to
SAIC; and 6) obtained a Fairness Opinion dated November 6, 2009 presented by Convergent Capital Appraisers. 

Pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes,
which authorizes the taking of action by written consent of the shareholders of a Nevada corporation, without a meeting, a super majority
of the voting power of the shareholders of the Company gave their consent to the above actions. 

As a result of the transactions summarized
above, the Company received 105,000 cash; reduced the secured note payable to SAIC by 100,000; paid off unsecured notes payable and
accrued interest of 88,743 to MS and WK; eliminated 56,998 of accrued liabilities owed to MS and WK; recorded 24,234 of expenses (principally
legal and professional); removed the remaining book value of fixed assets of 17,889; eliminated 43,607 of customer liabilities assumed
by Sperco and increased additional paid-in capital by 263,484 since the net effect of the transaction was treated as related party forgiveness
of debt. 

2 

On December 27, 2010
our then 100 owned subsidiary, Trilliant Technology Group, Inc. was dissolved. 

On September 11, 2014, SAIC, the Company s
then majority shareholder, sold to Mr. Ang Woon Han, 24,070,250 shares of common stock (1,203,513 shares post-Reverse Stock Split discussed
below), 48 shares of Series C Convertible preferred stock and 10 shares of Series D Convertible preferred stock. As a result, Mr.
Ang owns 52 of our shares of common stock without taking into account the super voting power of the Preferred stock, and 78 when taking
into account the super voting power of the Preferred Stock. 

On January 2, 2015, the Company filed an
Information Statement on Schedule 14C for restructuring the Company. Actions taken included: 

To change the name of the Company from Bluegate Corporation to Logicquest Technology, Inc. 

To increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 from fifty million (50,000,000) to two hundred million (200,000,000) (the Authorized Increase and 

To affect a reverse stock split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio of one post-split share per twenty pre-split shares (the Reverse Stock Split ). 

The above actions were effective on March 19,
2015. 

Our Business Subsequent To the November 7,
2009 Disposition Of Certain Assets And Business 

We are currently a company with no operations.
To sustain our company s operation, our Board is currently seeking investment opportunities. 

At this stage, we can provide no assurance that
we will be able to locate compatible business opportunities, what additional financing we will require to complete a business opportunity,
or whether the opportunity's operations will be profitable. 

If we are unable to secure adequate capital to
continue our business, our shareholders will lose some or all of their investment and our business will likely fail. 

Development Plan 

Our intended business purpose is to seek the acquisition
of, or merger with, an existing company. The acquisition of a business opportunity may be made by purchase, merger, exchange of stock,
or otherwise, and may encompass assets or a business entity, such as a corporation, limited liability company, joint venture, or partnership.
We have very limited capital, and it is unlikely that we will be able to take advantage of more than one such business opportunity. We
will not restrict potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire
any type of business. As of the date hereof, we have made only limited efforts to identify a possible business combination and are not
currently subject to a letter of intent with respect to any target business or any definitive agreement with respect to any target business. 

Based on our proposed business activities, we
are a blank check company. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC defines blank check 
companies as, any development stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act,
and that has no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business plan is to merge with an unidentified company or
companies. 

We also qualify as a shell company, 
as defined under Rule 12b-2 adopted by the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, because we have no or nominal assets (other than cash) and
no or nominal operations. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their respective jurisdictions. 

We have a nominal amount of capital and will depend
on our management to provide us with the necessary funds to implement our business plan. We intend to seek opportunities demonstrating
the potential of long-term growth as opposed to short-term earnings. However, at the present time, we have not identified any business
opportunity that we plan to pursue, nor have we reached any agreement or definitive understanding with any person concerning an acquisition
or merger. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our sole officer and director. 

3 

We believe that business
opportunities may come to our attention from various sources, including, professional advisors such as attorneys, and accountants, securities
broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community and others who may present unsolicited proposals. We have no plan,
understanding, agreements, or commitments with any individual for such person to act as a finder of opportunities for us. We can give
no assurances that we will be successful in finding or acquiring a desirable business opportunity, given the limited funds that are expected
to be available to us for implementation of our business plan. Furthermore, we can give no assurances that any acquisition, if it occurs,
will be on terms that are favorable to us or our current stockholders. In our effort to analyze potential acquisition targets, we will
consider the following kinds of factors: 

Potential for growth, anticipated market expansion or new products; 

Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry as a whole; 

Strength and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment; 

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds; 

The cost of participation by us as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible risks of participation; 

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; 

The accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, raw materials, services, professional assistance, and other required items; and 

Other relevant factors. 

In applying the foregoing criteria, no one of
which will be controlling, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable
investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different industries, and at
various stages of development, all of which may make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
difficult and complex. Due to our limited capital available for investigation, we may not discover or be able to fully investigate potential
adverse factors concerning the opportunity to be acquired. 

There is no relationship between our particular
name and our intended business plan. If successful in completing a merger or acquisition, we expect that our name would change to reflect
the marketing goals of the business combination. 

We are unable to predict the time as to when,
and if we will ever engage in identifying potential merger or acquisition candidates. 

In addition, certain conflicts of interest exist
or may develop between us and our sole officer and director and majority stockholder. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete a business combination cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any
costs incurred with respect to the indemnification and evaluation of a prospective business combination that is not ultimately completed
will result in a loss to us. Also, substantial fees are often paid in connection with the completion of all types of acquisitions, reorganizations
or mergers. 

Form of Acquisition 

The manner in which we participate in an opportunity
will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of us and the promoters of the opportunity, and our relative
negotiating strength. It is likely that we will acquire our participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of our common
stock or other securities. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in certain circumstances
the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called tax free reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business own
80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather
than other tax-free transaction provisions under the Code, all prior stockholders would retain 20 or less of the total issued and outstanding
shares of the surviving entity. Under other circumstances, depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders
may retain substantially less than 20 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial
additional dilution to the equity of those who are stockholders prior to the acquisition. Our present stockholders will likely not have
control of our majority voting securities following an acquisition transaction. However, our present stockholders will benefit from such
a transaction by retaining an equity interest in the surviving company, a cash payment in exchange for outstanding shares, or a combination
of both cash and equity. As part of such a transaction, our present sole officer and director may resign and one or more new directors
or officers may be appointed in connection with the transaction. 

4 

In the case of an acquisition,
the transaction may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders or only with
the vote of our majority stockholders who already control the vote on all stockholder matters. It is anticipated that the investigation
of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made
not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation might not be recoverable.
Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that
transaction may result in the loss to us of the related costs incurred. 

Employees 

As a result of the cessation of the internet connectivity
business, we currently have no employees. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We May Be Unable To Find a Suitable Entity
with Which to Enter Into a Business Combination Transaction. 

We are in a highly competitive market for a small
number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination. We will be an insignificant
participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with and acquisitions of small private and public entities. A large
number of established and well-financed entities, including small public companies and venture capital firms, are active in mergers and
acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us. Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial
resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than we do; consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying
possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood
of us identifying and consummating a successful business combination. We may not find a suitable entity with which to enter into a business
combination transaction and even if we do identify a suitable entity for such transaction, we may not be able to into a transaction. 

The Terms of a Potential Business Combination
Transaction May Not Be Favorable to Us. 

Even if we find a suitable entity for a business
combination transaction and that entity is willing to enter into such a transaction, we may not be able to complete that transaction on
terms which would be favorable to us. Private companies seeking to become public have many options other than a business combination with
a blank check company, such as initial public offerings, direct public offerings, Regulation A offerings, and public offerings on foreign
exchanges, and many companies have many other options for access to capital other than becoming public, such as private offerings, Regulation
S offerings, venture capital, and private equity transactions. In addition, there are a large number of blank check companies seeking
to engage in business combination transactions, and the availability of such companies may result in private companies being able to require
favorable terms from any particular blank check company in a business combination transaction, which may reduce the potential benefit
to us of such a business combination transaction. 

Our Future Success Is Highly Dependent on
the Ability of Management to Locate and Attract a Suitable Acquisition Candidate. 

The nature of our operations is highly speculative.
The success of our intended plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations, financial condition and management of the
identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s) with entities having established operating histories,
we may not be successful in locating candidates meeting that criterion. In the event we complete a business combination, the success of
our operations may be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control. 

We Have No Existing Agreement for a Business
Combination or Other Transaction and There Is No Guarantee That We Will Be Able to Negotiate a Transaction That Will Benefit Our Stockholders. 

We have no arrangement, agreement or understanding
with respect to engaging in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of, a private or public entity. No assurances can be given
that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination. Management
has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We may be unable to negotiate a business
combination on favorable terms, and there is consequently a risk that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares will not be invested
in a company with active business operations. 

5 

There is Substantial
Doubt About Our Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. 

We remain dependent on outside sources of funding
for continuation of our operations. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued a going concern qualification in their report
contained herein regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, we have been unable to generate cash flows sufficient to support our operations and have been dependent on debt raised from
related parties and independent third parties. We experienced negative financial results as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(227,096) 

(403,040) 
 
 Negative working capital 

(28,451) 

(6,512,191) 
 
 Stockholders deficit 

(28,451) 

(6,512,191) 

These factors raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient
cash flows to meet our obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required, and ultimately to attain profitable
operations. However, there is no assurance that profitable operations or sufficient cash flows will occur in the future. 

Our current operations are primarily funded by
Logicquest Technology Limited, a company controlled by the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cheng Yew Siong. 

These steps have provided us with the cash flows
to continue our business, but have not resulted in significant improvement in our financial position. We are considering alternatives
to address our cash flow situation that include: 

Raising capital through additional sale of our common stock and/or debt securities. 

Reducing cash operating expenses to levels that are in line with current revenues. 

These alternatives could result in substantial
dilution of existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that our current financial position can be improved, that we can raise additional
working capital or that we can achieve positive cash flows from operations. Our long-term viability as a going concern is dependent upon
the following: 

Our ability to locate sources of debt or equity funding to meet current commitments and near-term future requirements. 

Our ability to achieve profitability and ultimately generate sufficient cash flow from operations to sustain our continuing operations. 

Management Intends to Devote Only a Limited
Amount of Time to Seeking a Target Company Which May Adversely Impact Our Ability to Identify a Suitable Acquisition Candidate. 

While seeking a business combination, management
anticipates devoting very limited time to our affairs. Our officers and directors have not entered into written employment agreements
with us and are not expected to do so in the foreseeable future. This limited commitment may adversely impact our ability to identify
and consummate a successful business combination. 

There May Be Conflicts of Interest Between
Our Management and Our Non-Management Stockholders. 

Conflicts of interest create the risk that management
may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other stockholders. A conflict of interest may arise between our management s
personal pecuniary interests and their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Further, our management s own pecuniary interest may
at some point compromise their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. 

As a Blank Check Company Under Rule 419 of the Securities Act
of 1933, We Will Have to Comply with Rule 419 in Any Subsequent Offerings. 

At present, we are a blank check company with
no revenues and no specific business plan or purpose other than we intend to seek new business opportunities or to engage in a merger
or acquisition with an unidentified company. As a blank check company, if we publicly offer any securities as a condition to the closing
of any acquisition or business combination or otherwise, we will have to fully comply with Rule 419 under the Securities Act, the provisions
of which apply to every registration statement filed under the Securities Act by a blank check company. Among other things, Rule 419 requires
that the blank check company filing such registration statement deposit the securities being offered and proceeds of the offering into
an escrow or trust account pending the execution of an agreement for an acquisition or merger. In addition, the registrant is required
to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement containing the same information as found in a Form 10 registration statement,
upon the execution of an agreement for such acquisition or merger. Rule 419 also provides for procedures for the release of the offering
funds in conjunction with the post effective acquisition or merger. We have no current plans to engage in any such offerings. 

6 

A Business Combination
Will Result in a Change of Control and a Change of Management. 

In conjunction with completion of a business acquisition,
it is anticipated that we will issue an amount of our authorized but unissued common stock or preferred stock or that our majority stockholder
will transfer an amount of outstanding common stock or preferred stock which represents the majority of the voting power and equity of
our voting shares, which will result in stockholders of a target company obtaining a controlling interest in us. As a condition of the
business combination agreement, our current stockholders may agree to sell or transfer all or a portion of our common stock as to provide
the target company with all or majority control. The resulting change in control will result in removal of our present officers and directors
and a corresponding reduction in or elimination of their participation in any future affairs. 

Our Directors Have the Right to Authorize the Issuance of Preferred
Stock. 

Our directors, without further action by our stockholders,
have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number of shares, the relative
rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and any other preferences, special rights and qualifications
of any such series. Any issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock in that such preferred
stock could have priority over the common stock with respect to voting, dividend or liquidation rights, similar to our currently outstanding
preferred stock. For example, each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into 1,250 shares of common stock (after
adjusting for our prior 1-for-20 reverse stock split) and has 15 times the number of votes its conversion-equivalent number of shares
of common stock, or 18,750 votes per share of Series C Preferred Stock and each share of Series D Preferred Stock may be converted, at
the option of the shareholder, into 1,250 shares of common stock (after adjusting for our prior 1-for-20 reverse stock split) and has
150 times the number of votes its conversion-equivalent number of shares of common stock, or 187,500 votes per share of Series D Preferred
Stock. The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock vote along with the common stock on all matters
requiring a vote of shareholders and are not redeemable by us. Additionally, the currently outstanding preferred stock or any future issuance
of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the Company without further action
by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. 

Any Potential Acquisition or Merger with
a Foreign Company May Subject Us to Additional Risks. 

If we enter into a business combination with a
foreign company, we will be subject to risks inherent in business operations outside of the United States. These risks include, for example,
currency fluctuations, regulatory problems, punitive tariffs, unstable local tax policies, trade embargoes, risks related to shipment
of raw materials and finished goods across national borders and cultural and language differences. Foreign economies may differ favorably
or unfavorably from the United States economy in growth of gross national product, rate of inflation, market development, rate of savings,
and capital investment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments positions, and in other respects. 

There Is Currently A Limited Trading Market
for Our Common Stock. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC
Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets under the symbol LOGQ , however, we currently have a volatile, sporadic and
illiquid market for our common stock, which is subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors, including, but not limited
to: 

actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; 

our ability or inability to generate new revenues; 

increased competition; and 

conditions and trends in the market for our services and products. 

Furthermore, our stock price may be impacted by
factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political
and market conditions, such as recessions, global epidemics or pandemics, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely
affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

7 

Rule 144 Is Not
Generally Available to Holders of Our Common Stock Which Makes It Difficult to Resell Shares in the Future. 

With limited exceptions related to certain shares
acquired before we became a shell company (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, all of our presently outstanding
shares of common stock are restricted securities as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act Rule
144 and may only be resold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration. Rule 144 generally
provides a safe harbor exemption for the resale of restricted securities, provided, however, restricted securities that we issued either
while we were a shell company or at any time thereafter, can only be resold in reliance on Rule 144 if the following conditions
are met: 

(1) 
 we have ceased to be a shell company 

(2) 
 we are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act 

(3) 
 we filed all reports and material required to be filed under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months, other than Form 8-K reports; and 

(4) 
 at least one year has elapsed from the time we filed the Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting our status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

We may never meet these conditions and holders
of our shares of Common Stock may never be entitled to rely on Rule 144 for the resale of their shares. This could have a materially adverse
effect on the trading market for our shares, if a trading market develops, of which there is no assurance. 

Our Business Will Have No Revenue Unless
and Until We Merge with or Acquire an Operating Business. 

We have had no recent operating history nor any
revenues or earnings. We will not realize any revenue unless and until we successfully merge with or acquire an operating business. 

We Intend to Issue More Shares in a Merger
or Acquisition, Which Will Result in Substantial Dilution. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of a maximum of 200,000,000 shares of common stock and a maximum of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Any merger or acquisition effected
by us may result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and may result in substantial dilution in the percentage
of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. Moreover, the common stock issued in any such merger or acquisition transaction
may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm s-length basis by our management, resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage
of common stock held by our then existing stockholders. Our board of directors has the power to issue any or all of such authorized but
unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of common stock or preferred stock are issued in connection
with a business combination or otherwise, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holders of common
stock might be materially adversely affected. 

Stockholders may face significant restrictions
on the resale of our common stock due to federal regulations of penny stocks. 

Our common stock will be subject to the requirements
of Rule 15g-9, promulgated under the Exchange Act, as long as the price of our common stock is below 5.00 per share. Under such rule,
broker-dealers who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special
sales practice requirements, including a requirement that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser
and receive the purchaser s consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock Reform Act of
1990, also requires additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock. Generally, the Commission
defines a penny stock as any equity security not traded on an exchange or quoted on NASDAQ that has a market price of less than 5.00
per share. The required penny stock disclosures include the delivery, prior to any transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the
penny stock market and the risks associated with it. Such requirements could severely limit the market liquidity of the securities and
the ability of Company stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

8 

Due to the Control
by Our Principal Stockholder of a Majority of Our Voting Shares, Our Minority Stockholders Will Have Little Power to Choose Management
or Impact Operations. 

Our principal stockholder, Mr. Ang Woon Han, currently
controls and votes an aggregate of 55.4 of our issued and outstanding common stock and an additional 2,775,000 voting shares, equal to
approximately 54.7 of our voting stock due to his ownership of 48 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and 10 shares of our
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Consequently, our principal stockholder has the ability to influence control of our operations and
will have the ability to influence or control substantially all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including: 

Election of the board of directors; 

Removal of directors; 

Amendment to our articles of incorporation or bylaws; and 

Approval of a merger, takeover or other business combination. 

As such, other stockholders possess no practical
ability to remove management or effect the operations of our business. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership by itself may have
the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business consolidation, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making
a tender offer for our common stock. 

The Recent Coronavirus (Covid-19) Pandemic
and Its Impact on Debt and Equity Markets Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Ability to Operate as a
Going Concern. 

In December 2022, coronavirus (COVID-19) is continuing
to spread throughout other parts of the world, including the United States. The outbreak of the coronavirus has resulted in a widespread
health crisis and has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce
generally. In particular, the global capital markets are experiencing and may continue to experience periods of disruption and instability,
which could be prolonged, and which could materially and adversely impact the broader financial and credit markets. Such disruption could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds, which in turn could impact our ability to operate as a going
concern beyond the next twelve months. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None 

Item 2. Properties. 

We have no property and do not currently maintain
an office or any other facilities, except that we maintain a virtual office space located at 5 Independence Way, Suite 300, Princeton,
NJ, U.S.A. 08540. This virtual office has a monthly rental of 200. The lease began on May 12, 2016 and will expire on either party s
termination. We do not believe that we will need to maintain a physical office at any time in the foreseeable future in order to carry
out our plan of operations described herein. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Although we may, from time to time, be involved
in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business, we are not currently a party to any material
legal proceeding. In addition, we are not aware of any material legal or governmental proceedings against us, or contemplated to be brought
against us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

9 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink market
maintained by OTC Markets and our trading symbol is LOGQ . The following table sets forth the quarterly high and low sales
price per share for our common stock. These sale prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission,
and may not represent actual prices. Our fiscal year ends December 31. 

COMMON STOCK PRICE RANGE 

2022 
 
 2021 

HIGH 
 
 LOW 
 
 HIGH 
 
 LOW 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.47 
 
 0.12 
 
 0.65 
 
 0.01 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.16 
 
 0.12 
 
 0.14 
 
 0.14 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.12 
 
 0.12 
 
 0.68 
 
 0.14 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.38 
 
 0.11 
 
 0.29 
 
 0.13 

COMMON STOCK 

On March 30, 2023, we had 2,301,968 outstanding
shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share. 

On March 30, 2023, we had approximately 85
shareholders of record. 

Our transfer agent is American Stock Transfer
and Trust Company. 

We have not paid any cash dividends and we do
not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any cash dividends will depend upon our future earnings,
if any, our financial condition, and other factors as deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 

SALE OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes and
the discussions under Application of Critical Accounting Policies, which describes key estimates and assumptions we make
in the preparation of our financial statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We had a net loss of 227,096 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which was 175,944 fewer than the net loss of 403,040 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in our results
over the two periods is mainly a result of a decrease in interest expenses. 

The following table summarizes key items of
comparison and their related decrease for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 from 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 94,092 
 82,400 
 11,692 

Loss from operations 
 (94,092 
 (82,400 
 11,692 

Interest expense 
 (133,004 
 (320,640 
 (187,636 
 
 Net loss 
 (227,096 
 (403,040 
 (175,944 

10 

Revenue 

We did not earn any revenues during the years
ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents
were 0; total current liabilities were 28,962 and total stockholders deficit was 28,451. 

Working Capital 

At December 31, 2022 
 At December 31, 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 511 
 1,490 
 
 Current liabilities 
 28,962 
 6,513,681 
 
 Working capital 
 (28,451 
 (6,512,191 

We anticipate generating losses and, therefore, may
be unable to continue operations further in the future. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Increase (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 from 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash balance at end of period 

Operating Activities. 

We had no cash used in operating activities during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Financing Activities. 

We had no cash provided by financing activities during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

To date we have relied on proceeds from the sale
of our shares and on loans from officers and directors, related companies and an independent third party in order to sustain our basic,
minimum operating expenses; however, we cannot guarantee that we will secure any further sales of our shares or that our officers and
directors, related companies or the independent third party will provide us with any future loans. We intend to use debt to cover the
anticipated negative cash flows until we can operate at a break-even cash flow mode. We may seek additional capital to fund potential
costs associated with possible expansion and/or acquisitions. We believe that future funding may be obtained from public or private offerings
of equity securities, debt or convertible debt securities, or other sources. Stockholders should assume that any additional funding will
likely be dilutive. 

We are not aware of any known trends, demands,
commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in our liquidity increasing or decreasing
in any material way. 

Information regarding our outstanding accrued
liabilities, note payable and related party transactions are included in the footnotes to the audited financial statements included under
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , under notes: 3. Accrued Liabilities 4. Note Payable 
and 5. Related Party Transactions . 

11 

FORECAST 

As described above under Business , our
management is seeking potential merger or acquisition candidates. In December 2022, coronavirus (COVID-19) is continuing to spread throughout
of the world, including the United States. The outbreak of the coronavirus has resulted in a widespread health crisis and has adversely
affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally. In particular, the
global capital markets are experiencing and may continue to experience periods of disruption and instability, which could be prolonged,
and which could materially and adversely impact the broader financial and credit markets. Such disruption could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to raise additional funds, which in turn could impact our ability to operate as a going concern beyond the next
twelve months. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an
ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that are believed to be
reasonable. These estimates and assumptions provide a basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions,
and these differences may be material. See Note 1 of the Notes to Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K for a summary of significant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements. 

GOING CONCERN 

We remain dependent on outside sources of funding
for continuation of our operations. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued a going concern qualification in their report
contained herein regarding substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we have been unable to generate cash flows sufficient to support our operations and have been dependent on debt raised from related parties
and independent third parties. We experienced negative financial results as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (227,096 
 (403,040 
 
 Negative working capital 
 (28,451 
 (6,512,191 
 
 Stockholders deficit 
 (28,451 
 (6,512,191 

These factors raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained herein do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable
to continue in existence. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to
meet our obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required, and ultimately to attain profitable operations.
However, there is no assurance that profitable operations or sufficient cash flows will occur in the future. 

Our current operations are primarily funded by
Logicquest Technology Limited, a company controlled by the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cheng Yew Siong. 

These steps have provided us with the cash flows
to continue our business, but have not resulted in significant improvement in our financial position. We are considering alternatives
to address our cash flow situation that include: 

Raising capital through additional sale of our common stock and/or debt securities. 

Reducing cash operating expenses to levels that are in line with current revenues. 

These alternatives could result in substantial
dilution of existing stockholders. There can be no assurance that our current financial position can be improved, that we can raise additional
working capital or that we can achieve positive cash flows from operations. Our long-term viability as a going concern is dependent upon
the following: 

Our ability to locate sources of debt or equity funding to meet current commitments and near-term future requirements. 

Our ability to achieve profitability and ultimately generate sufficient cash flow from operations to sustain our continuing operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

12 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY,
INC. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 WITH REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB
ID 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Logicquest Technology, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Logicquest Technology, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2005. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY,
INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 
 DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 

Due to related party 

Note payable 

Total current liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Undesignated preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Series C Convertible Non-Redeemable preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021; per share liquidation preference aggregate liquidation preference at December 31, 2022) 

Series D Convertible Non-Redeemable preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021; per share liquidation preference aggregate liquidation preference at December 31, 2022) 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

DECEMBER 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense 

Total other expenses 

Net loss 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

PREFERRED
 STOCK 
 ADDITIONAL 

COMMON
 STOCK 
 SERIES
 C 
 SERIES
 D 
 PAID-IN 
 ACCUMULATED 

SHARES 
 CAPITAL 
 SHARES 
 CAPITAL 
 SHARES 
 CAPITAL 
 CAPITAL 
 DEFICIT 
 TOTAL 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net
 loss 

Balance at December 31,
 2021 

Net loss 

Settlement
 of liabilities with a related party 

Balance at
 December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash transactions: 

Assignment of third-party liabilities to a related party 

Settlement of liabilities with a related party 

Operating
 expenses directly paid by a related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY,
INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an
uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. 

Negative working capital 

Stockholders deficit 

These factors raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained herein do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable
to continue in existence. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to
meet our obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required, and ultimately to attain profitable operations.
However, there is no assurance that profitable operations or sufficient cash flows will occur in the future. 

Our current operations are primarily funded by
Logicquest Technology Limited, a company controlled by the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cheng Yew Siong. 

Accrued general and administrative expenses 

Unsecured liability 

Other payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Also see Note 4 and Note 5.

respectively at December 31,
2022 and 2021. The note payable is unsecured, bears 
interest per annum and is due on demand. The Company agreed to pay a late charge in the amount of on
any interest payment more than 15 days delinquent. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred
interest expenses of and respectively . Also see Note 5. 

The balance due to Logicquest Technology Limited as
of December 31, 2021 represented expenses paid by Logicquest Technology Limited on behalf of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
Logicquest Technology Limited paid operating expenses of and , respectively, on behalf of the Company. The balance due
to related party is unsecured, does not bear interest and is due on demand. 

Below is a summary of
the transactions described above. 

Liabilities settled with Logicquest Technology Limited on June 29, 2022 

() 

Liabilities settled with Logicquest Technology Limited on September 29, 2022 

() 

Liabilities settled with Logicquest Technology Limited on December 30, 2022 

() 

to ,
a limitation on deductibility of interest expense, a limitation on the use of net operating losses to offset future taxable income,
the allowance of immediate expensing of capital expenditures, deemed repatriation of foreign earnings through a transition tax and
significant changes to the taxation of foreign earnings going forward. As a result of the 2017 Act, NOL carryforwards generated in
years beginning after December 31, 2017 would carryforward indefinitely, and would apply to 80 of future taxable income. Under
the Act, carrybacks of NOLs were disallowed. In March 2021, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act was enacted providing a five-year carryback for losses incurred in 2018, 2019, 2020 or 2021, which allows companies to modify
tax returns up to five years prior to offset taxable income from those tax years. The CARES Act also suspended the NOL limit of 80 
of taxable income, but the NOLs generated in 2018 and forward will still carryforward indefinitely. 

The composition of deferred tax assets at December
31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The difference between the income tax benefit
in the accompanying statement of operations and the amount that would result if the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 21 were applied to
pre-tax loss for 2022 and 2021, is attributable to the valuation allowance. 

At December 31, 2022, for federal income tax reporting
purposes, the Company has in unused net operating losses available for carryforward to future years which will expire in various
years through , and that will carryforward indefinitely. 

. The lease began 

F- 10 

Item 9. Changes in
and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed,
summarized and reported as specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial
officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our principal executive and financial
officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that
evaluation and as described below under Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, we have
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) ).
These weaknesses involve our lack of experience with U.S. GAAP requirements, as described in more detail in the next section. Solely as
a result of these material weaknesses, our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

The Company s internal control over financial
reporting included policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; (2) provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of Logicquest Technology, Inc.; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Logicquest Technology,
Inc. s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitation, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of Logicquest
Technology, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that, due to the material weaknesses described below, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Based on management s assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective
as of December 31, 2022, due to insufficiently qualified internal accounting and other finance personnel with an appropriate level of
U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience, and lack of segregation of duties. Management believes that our lack of experience with U.S. GAAP
and lack of segregation of duties constitute material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities Exchange
Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

13 

Remediation Plan 

We consider the following remediation options,
or some combination thereof: (i) hiring additional personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience and (ii) implementing ongoing training
in U.S. GAAP requirements for our CFO and accounting and other finance personnel. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes that occurred during the
fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

14 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

The following table sets forth the name, age,
positions and offices or employments as of December 31, 2022, of our executive officers and directors. Members of the Board of Directors
are elected and hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. All of the officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of
Directors of the Company. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Cheng Yew Siong (a) 
 
 45 
 
 Director/Chief Financial Officer 

(a) 
 Effective September 13, 2014, Mr. Cheng Yew Siong was appointed by the Board of Directors to the office of Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Cheng, Yew Siong was appointed director and
CFO on September 13, 2014. After completing his education in Singapore, Mr. Cheng served two (2) years in the Singapore Police Force as
an officer, before leaving the force to start his private sector career path. Mr. Cheng started off as a hardware store manager, providing
fixture and interior renovation products and services to the mass consumers. Through hard work and perseverance, he managed to achieve
a sales track record of 700 households per annum. From April 2009, Mr. Cheng used his savings to start a Japanese restaurant in Singapore,
and maintained the business and its steady revenues and profits until 2013. 

BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE 

Our Board of Directors (currently consisting solely
of Mr. Siong) has the responsibility for selecting the appropriate leadership structure for the Company. In making leadership structure
determinations, the Board of Directors considers many factors, including the specific needs of the business and what is in the best interests
of the Company s stockholders. 

RISK OVERSIGHT 

Effective risk oversight is an important priority
of the Board of Directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision, the Board of Directors (currently consisting
solely of Mr. Siong) discusses risks throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors 
approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company s business and strategy, evaluating the Company s
risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight, and fostering an appropriate culture of integrity and compliance
with legal responsibilities. The directors exercise direct oversight of strategic risks to the Company. 

ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

To our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding
between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer. 

OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS 

No director of the Company is also a director
of issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (or which otherwise are required to file periodic
reports under the Exchange Act). 

15 

INVOLVEMENT
IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers were involved in any of the following during the past ten years: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years
prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being a named subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement
in any type of business, securities or banking activities; (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the
SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, (5) being the subject
of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (ii) any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction,
order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (6) being the
subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
(as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
with a member. 

STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD 

A
stockholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors (consisting solely of Mr. Siong) may do so by directing a
written request addressed to our CFO, Logicquest Technology, Inc., 5 Independence Way, Suite 300, Princeton, NJ, U.S.A. 08540, who,
upon receipt of any communication other than one that is clearly marked Confidential, will note the date the
communication was received, open the communication, make a copy of it for our files and promptly forward the communication to the director(s)
to whom it is addressed. Upon receipt of any communication that is clearly marked Confidential, our Secretary will
not open the communication, but will note the date the communication was received and promptly forward the communication to the director(s)
to whom it is addressed. 

DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC
Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets. The OTC Pink Market does not require us to have independent members of our Board of Directors.
We do not identify our sole member of our Board of Directors, Mr. Siong, as being independent. 

DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership
with the SEC. These reporting persons also are required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. While the beneficial
ownership by our officers and directors has been disclosed in this Form 10-K and other SEC filings, our officers have not filed the required
Section 16(a) reports. Until our officers and directors do so, we are not in compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and
Mr. Siong and Mr. Ang Woon Han, our majority stockholders in particular are deficient in their Section 16(a) reporting obligations. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

We have a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal
executive officers and our principal financial officers. We undertake to provide to any person, without charge, upon request, a copy of
our Code of Ethics. You may request a copy of our Code of Ethics by mailing your written request to us. Your written request must contain
the phrase Request for a Copy of the Code of Ethics of Logicquest Technology, Inc. Our address is: Logicquest Technology,
Inc., 5 Independence Way, Suite 300, Princeton, NJ, U.S.A. 08540. 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS 

During the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, the Board of Directors did not hold any meetings. 

NOMINATING COMMITTEE 

We do not have any nominating committee of the
Board, or committee performing a similar function. 

16 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

In March 2005, our Board adopted our Audit Committee
Charter (the Charter which established our Audit Committee. There are no current members of the audit committee and our Board
of Directors serves as the audit committee. We do not have an audit committee financial expert serving on its audit committee. We are
currently pursuing the recruitment of an independent director who is also a financial expert to be the audit committee. 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 

In August 2007, our Board adopted our Compensation
Committee Charter. The Compensation Committee administers the Company s incentive plans, sets policies that govern executives 
annual compensation and long-term incentives. There are no current members of the Compensation Committee and our Board of Directors serves
as the Compensation Committee. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation of (i) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during the last completed
fiscal year PEO ), regardless of compensation level; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than
the PEO who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year, if any; and (iii) up to two additional individuals
for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to paragraph (ii) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive
officer at the end of the last completed fiscal year (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and principal position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Cheng Yew Siong (1) 
 
 2022 

CFO/Director 
 
 2021 

Ang Woon Han (2) 
 
 2022 

Former President/Director 
 
 2021 

(1) 
 Mr. Cheng Yew Siong had agreed that until the Company begins to attain cash flow he will not receive any salary. 
 
 (2) 
 On February 26, 2019, Mr. Ang Woon Han resigned from the Company as Chief Executive Officer/President, Secretary and a member of the Board of Directors. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Our Named Executive Officers did not hold any
outstanding equity awards as at the year ended December 31, 2022. 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS AND KEY MAN INSURANCE 

Employment Agreements 

The Company does not have any employment agreements
in place with any of its executive officers. 

Key Man Insurance 

The Company does not hold Key Man 
life insurance on any of its officers or directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth as of
information concerning the number of shares of common stock owned beneficially as of March 30, 2023 which was 2,301,968 shares of
common stock issued and outstanding that is held by: (i) each person (including any group) known by us to own more than five (5 of
any class of our voting securities, (ii) each of our directors and executive officers, and (iii) our officers and directors as a
group. 

17 

Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and includes voting and/or investing power with respect
to securities. We believe that, except as otherwise noted and subject to applicable community property laws, each person named in the
following table has sole investment and voting power with respect to the shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person.
Additionally, shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other convertible securities that are currently exercisable or convertible,
or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 30, 2023, are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person
or group holding such options, warrants or other convertible securities for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such
person or group, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. 

We believe that, except as otherwise noted and
subject to applicable community property laws, each person named in the following table has sole investment and voting power with respect
to the shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each of the officers
or directors listed in the table below is 5 Independence Way, Suite 300, Princeton, NJ, U.S.A. 08540. 

TITLE OR CLASS 
 
 NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 
 AMOUNT AND 
NATURE OF 
BENEFICIAL 
OWNERSHIP 
 
 PERCENT 
OF CLASS (1) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Cheng Yew Siong 
 
 0 
 
 0 

All executive officers and directors as a group (1 Person) 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Common Stock 

Ang Woon Han 
 2001, Block B, Tianyuangang Center, Chaoyang District, Beijing, Peoples
 Republic of China 100027 
 
 1,276,013 (2) 
 
 55.4 
 
 Common Stock 

William Koehler 
 1602 Lynnview Drive, Houston, Texas 77055 
 
 127,891 
 
 5.56 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (3) 

Ang Woon Han 
 2001, Block B, Tianyuangang Center, Chaoyang District,
 Beijing, Peoples Republic of China 100027 
 
 48 
 
 100 

Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (3) 

Ang Woon Han 
 2001, Block B, Tianyuangang Center, Chaoyang District,
 Beijing, Peoples Republic of China 100027 
 
 10 
 
 100 

(1) 
 The percentage of beneficial ownership of Common Stock is based on 2,301,968 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023 and includes all shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants or conversion of preferred shares to purchase Common Stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Of the 1,276,013 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Ang Woon Han (i) 1,203,513 are common shares owned indirectly by Mr. Ang through AST Exchange Agent Co., who is the transfer agent holding shares to be exchanged upon the surrender of the pre-reverse stock split certificates, and (ii) 72,500 are common shares issuable upon the conversion of preferred shares. 
 
 (3) 
 Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into 1,250 shares of common stock (after adjusting for our prior 1-for-20 reverse stock split). Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has 15 times the number of votes its conversion-equivalent number of shares of common stock, or 18,750 votes per share of Series C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock may be converted, at the option of the shareholder, into 1,250 shares of common stock (after adjusting for our prior 1-for-20 reverse stock split). Each share of Series D Preferred Stock has 150 times the number of votes its conversion-equivalent number of shares of common stock, or 187,500 votes per share of Series D Preferred Stock. The Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock vote along with the common stock on all matters requiring a vote of shareholders and are not redeemable by us. 

On September 11, 2014, SAIC, the Company s
majority shareholder, sold to Mr. Ang Woon Han 1,203,513 shares of common stock, 48 shares of Series C Convertible preferred stock
and 10 shares of Series D Convertible preferred stock. As a result, Mr. Ang owns 52 of our common stock without taking into account
the super voting power of the Preferred stock, and 78 when taking into account the super voting power of the Preferred Stock. 

18 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED
FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding
 options, 
 warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

PLAN CATEGORY: 
 
 (a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

93,365 
 (1) 

(1) 
 These shares are the remaining shares reserved and available for issuance under our 2005 Stock and Stock Option Plan (the 2005 Plan). 

EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLANS 

The Company had adopted the 2002 Stock and Stock
Option Plan under which incentive stock options for up to 22,500 common shares may be awarded to officers, directors and key employees.
The plan was designed to attract and reward key executive personnel. As of December 31, 2009, we had granted all 22,500 awards under the
2002 stock plan and all awards granted under the 2002 stock plan have expired prior hereto. The 2002 stock plan has been terminated. 

In 2005 we adopted the 2005 Stock and Stock Option
Plan (the 2005 Plan ). The purpose of the 2005 Plan is to further our interests, our subsidiaries and our stockholders by providing
incentives in the form of stock options to key employees, consultants, directors and others who contribute materially to our success and
profitability. The grants recognize and reward outstanding individual performances and contributions and will give such persons a proprietary
interest in us, thus enhancing their personal interest in our continued success and progress. The 2005 Plan also assists us and our subsidiaries
in attracting and retaining key employees and Directors. The 2005 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
has the exclusive power to select the participants in the 2005 Plan, to establish the terms of the stock and options granted to each participant,
provided that all options granted shall be granted at an exercise price equal to at least 85 of the fair market value of the common stock
covered by the option on the grant date and to make all determinations necessary or advisable under the 2005 Plan. The maximum aggregate
number of shares of common stock that may be granted or optioned and sold under the Plan is 150,000 shares. As of December 31, 2022, 150,000
shares of common stock have been granted pursuant to the 2005 Plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company engaged in related party transactions as follows: 

Accrued liabilities to related parties: 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
Logicquest Technology Limited, a company controlled by the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cheng Yew Siong, paid operating
expenses of 82,820 and 79,986, respectively, on behalf of the Company. The balance due to related party is unsecured, does not bear
interest and is due on demand. 

In June 2022, Tang Chuan Choon, a third party, signed
an agreement with Logicquest Technology Limited, pursuant to which Tang Chuan Choon assigned his receivable from the Company, included
in the Company s balance sheet as note payable and accrued liabilities balances, in the aggregate amount of 5,577,937, to Logicquest
Technology Limited, who then signed an agreement with the Company and settled the balances for 1. The transaction was closed as of June
30, 2022. The settlement was account for as a transaction under common control and the difference between amount paid and amount settled
was recorded in equity. 

In September and December 2022, Logicquest Technology
Limited signed agreements with the Company and settled the remaining balances of due to related party of 1,113,773 and 19,126 for 1,
respectively. The settlements were account for as transactions under common control and the difference between amount paid and amount
settled was recorded in equity. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, 0 and 1,050,079,
respectively, are payable by us to Logicquest Technology Limited in regards to expenses that were paid on our behalf by Logicquest Technology
Limited. 

Equity Related: 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding:
(i) 2,301,968 shares of common stock and, (ii) preferred stock that are convertible into 72,500 shares of common stock, resulting in on
a fully diluted basis, 2,374,468 shares of common stock. The Company has 200,000,000 shares of common stock authorized by our Articles
of Incorporation. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC
Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets. The OTC Pink Market does not require us to have independent members of our Board of Directors.
We do not identify our sole member of our Board of Directors, Mr. Siong, as being independent. 

19 

REVIEW,
APPROVAL AND RATIFICATION OF RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Given our
small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders. However, all of the
transactions described above were approved and ratified by our director(s). In connection with the approval of the transactions described
above, our director(s) took into account various factors, including his fiduciary duty to the Company; the relationships of the related
parties described above to the Company; the material facts underlying each transaction; the anticipated benefits to the Company and related
costs associated with such benefits; whether comparable products or services were available; and the terms the Company could receive from
an unrelated third party. 

We intend
to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional directors.
On a moving forward basis, our sole director will continue to approve any related party transaction based on the criteria set forth above. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

OUR INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANT 

In 2005, our Board of Directors selected as our independent
accountant the CPA firm of MaloneBailey, LLP MB ). MB audited our financial statements for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

1. AUDIT FEES. 

Our audit fees for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

28,995 

20,000 

2. TAX FEES. 

Our tax return fees for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

3. ALL OTHER FEES. 

2022 

2021 

PRE-APPROVAL POLICIES. 

Our Audit Committee (or the members of the board
of directors acting in the capacity of the Audit Committee) does not pre-approve any work of our independent registered public accounting
firm, but rather approves independent auditor engagements before each engagement. 

PERCENTAGE OF SERVICES APPROVED BY OUR AUDIT COMMITTEE. 

There were no services performed by our independent
registered public accounting firm of the type described in Item 9(e)(2) of Schedule 14A. Our Audit Committee (or the members of the board
of directors acting in the capacity of the Audit Committee) considers that the work done for us by MB is compatible with maintaining MB's
independence. 

20 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date/ 
Period End 
Date 
 
 File 
 Number 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/3/2007 
 
 000-22711 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 5/26/2010 
 
 000-22711 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities of the Registrant 

10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/31/2021 
 
 000-22711 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 Filed 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 Furnished 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

LOGICQUEST TECHNOLOGY, INC. 

March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Cheng Yew Siong 

Cheng Yew Siong 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Cheng Yew Siong 

Cheng Yew Siong 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

22 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Filed/ 
 Furnished 
Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date/ 
Period End 
Date 
 
 File 
 Number 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/3/2007 
 
 000-22711 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 5/26/2010 
 
 000-22711 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities of the Registrant 

10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/31/2021 
 
 000-22711 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 Filed 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 Furnished 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 logq_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Cheng Yew Siong, certify that: 

1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of LogicQuest Technology, Inc.; 

2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of a Quarterly Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Cheng Yew Siong 

Cheng Yew Siong 
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal 
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 logq_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of LogicQuest Technology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Cheng Yew Siong, Principal Executive and Principal Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Cheng Yew Siong 

Cheng Yew Siong 
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal 
 Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 logq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 logq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 logq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 logq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

