<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1803696_0000950170-23-005437.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27059771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>386175</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3099343</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13463931</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3046158</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6378973</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-005437.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301141341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-005437
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Adeia Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803696
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39304
		FILM NUMBER:		23692555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3025 ORCHARD PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 473-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3025 ORCHARD PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Xperi Holding Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200529

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XRAY-TWOLF HoldCo Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-005437.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 adea-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 XPERI HOLDING CORPORATION 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximatel y (based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Select Market). 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of February 7, 2023 was . 

ADEIA INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item 6. 
 (Reserved) 
 31 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 126 

Signatures 
 127 

2 

Cautionary Statement Regardin g Forward-Looking Statements 
 This annual report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business, financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as expect, anticipate, intend, plan, believe, could, seek, see, will, may, would, might, potentially, estimate, continue, target, similar expressions or the negatives of these words or other comparable terminology that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. All forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company s control, and are not guarantees of future results. These and other forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements and, therefore, you should not place undue reliance on any such statements and caution must be exercised in relying on forward-looking statements. Important risk factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: the Company s ability to implement its business strategy; the Company s ability to enter into new and renewal license agreements with customers on favorable terms; the Company s ability to retain and hire key personnel; uncertainty as to the long-term value of the Company s common stock; legislative, regulatory and economic developments affecting the Company s business; general economic and market developments and conditions; the Company s ability to grow and expand its patent portfolios; changes in technology and development of competing technology in the industries in which the Company operates; the evolving legal, regulatory and tax regimes under which the Company operates; unforeseen liabilities and expenses; risks associated with the Company s indebtedness; unpredictability and severity of catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or outbreak of war or hostilities, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, and natural disasters; the Company s ability to achieve the intended benefits of, and its ability to recognize the anticipated tax treatment of, the recent spin-off of its product business; and the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have an adverse impact on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, including measures taken in response to the pandemic, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 Although forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value and effect, including those discussed under the heading Risk Factors hereof and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), such as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed herein and in ways not readily foreseeable. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report, other than as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 3 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 Corporate Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 3025 Orchard Parkway, San Jose, California. Our telephone number is 408-473-2500. We maintain a corporate website at www.adeia.com . The reference to our website does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on this website. Adeia and the Adeia logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Adeia Inc. or its affiliated companies in the U.S. All other company, brand and product names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. 
 Overview 
 We (the Company, Adeia, we, our, and us are an innovation incubator and have spent decades investing in advanced research and development to create market-leading technologies for the entertainment, media, consumer electronics, and semiconductor industries. Our innovative solutions touch practically every aspect of consumers' day-to-day interaction with media, consumer electronics and entertainment, enabling our customers to build customized, next-generation solutions for users around the globe. Our commitment to innovation has resulted in a leading intellectual property IP licensing platform in these industries, with a diverse portfolio of media and semiconductor IP. In order to serve an increasingly connected world, we invent, develop, acquire and license fundamental innovations that enhance billions of devices and shape the way millions of people explore and experience entertainment across a variety of platforms. 
 Ideas are at the heart of our business and are embedded in our name, which means to license in Greek. Licensing these ideas is how we go to market by making our ideas broadly available to the media and semiconductor industries. Our innovations address one of the biggest consumer trends in entertainment today the massive proliferation of entertainment content and the rapidly changing habits of how consumers are finding, watching and enjoying entertainment. 
 Our IP licensing platform provides access to innovations that allow our customers, who are some of the largest media, entertainment, consumer electronics, social media and semiconductor companies in the world, to create cutting-edge technology solutions and products. Our engineers and scientists are focused on innovating and creating the most advanced and forward-thinking solutions to help solve challenges facing the media and semiconductor industries. Our internal innovation engine accounts for approximately 85 of our combined patent portfolio and generates ideas that are converted into our powerful IP, which enables fundamental technologies in our target markets. 
 We have a long history of innovation across a diverse set of applications and technologies and have grown an IP portfolio of over 9,750 active media and semiconductor patent assets, which are specifically designed to meet the evolving needs of businesses and consumers. Our media portfolio covers fundamental aspects of the entertainment experience across platforms, including how users search, record, stream, discover, consume, personalize and interact with content. Many of our media solutions have become ubiquitous across the industry and are being incorporated into emerging solutions that span new and adjacent markets. Our semiconductor portfolio is comprised of patents and technology know-how that enable the new era in semiconductors, including the internet of things, artificial intelligence chips and smart devices. Specifically, we address the semiconductor market demands of higher bandwidth, improved compute performance and cost management in heterogeneous integration. Our technological areas of focus are hybrid bonding (or Direct Bond Interconnect (DBI)), advanced processing nodes, and advanced packaging solutions. 
 Business Separation 
 In February 2022, Xperi Holding Corporation Xperi Hold Co introduced Adeia as the new brand for its IP licensing business. On October 1, 2022, Xperi Hold Co s product business was separated from Xperi Hold Co through a tax-efficient spin-off transaction (the Separation and became an independent, publicly-traded company named Xperi Inc. The IP licensing business was retained by Xperi Hold Co, which was renamed Adeia Inc. 
 4 

The Separation was achieved through our distribution of 100 of the shares of Xperi Inc. s common stock to holders of our common stock as of the close of business on September 21, 2022 (the Record Date ). Each of our stockholders of record received four shares of Xperi Inc. common stock for every ten shares of our common stock that it held on the Record Date. Following the Separation, Xperi Inc. became an independent, publicly-traded company, and we retain no ownership interest in Xperi Inc. 
 Our Strategy 
 We have adopted a proactive strategy designed to protect and extend our technology and IP. We continue to grow our patent portfolios in size and relevance through ongoing investment in internal innovation, strategic management and targeted acquisitions within our target markets. 
 We conduct our business primarily by licensing our innovations to leading companies in the broader media and semiconductor industries and companies adopting new technologies that will help drive these industries forward. License arrangements include access to one or more of our foundational IP portfolios and may also include access to some of our industry-leading technologies and proven know-how. 
 Media Strategy 
 We invent, develop, and license fundamental innovations that shape the way millions of people explore and experience entertainment and enhance media services that span billions of devices in an increasingly connected world. From TVs to smartphones, in almost any place you can think of, from home to work to on the go, and in all types of entertainment experiences, from pay-TV to over-the-top OTT to social media and to the metaverse, managing content and connections in a way that is smart, immersive, and personal is precisely what our innovations do. 
 Our patented innovations broadly cover all aspects of the entertainment experience, including (i) guidance, (ii) discovery, (iii) search, (iv) recommendations, (v) multi-screen, (vi) personalization, (vii) data analytics, (viii) advertising, (ix) computer vision, (x) content storage and (xi) high-performance computing. 

We license our patented media innovations for use with traditional linear television, both in North America and internationally, as well as in connection with OTT, direct-to-consumer and social media services that provide access to entertainment inside and outside the home on a broad array of devices. We believe the continued growth of video consumption, the evolution of how consumers explore and experience video, and the need for content storage and high-performance computing present new opportunities for us to continue to develop patentable innovations, expand the industries we serve and license additional patent rights. 
 5 

Semiconductor Strategy 
 Our semiconductor business invents, develops, and licenses the fundamental technologies that enable the current and next generation devices that we use to watch and enjoy entertainment. We are focused on two emerging technologies, hybrid bonding and advanced processing nodes, both of which address semiconductor market demands for higher bandwidth, improved compute performance and cost management with 2.5 and 3D heterogeneous integration. We license our patented innovations to leading semiconductor companies, and partner with the industry to accelerate the adoption of these technologies. We believe that the multi-generational nature of our DBI platforms will be beneficial to the greater semiconductor sector for years to come. 
 IP Portfolio Licensing Markets 
 Our business has a strong foundation of recurring, annual revenue. That revenue is derived from licensing our patent portfolios across multiple markets, including: 
 Multichannel Video Programming Distributors MVPD ): includes cable, satellite and telecommunications television providers that aggregate and distribute linear content over their own networks (MVPDs), as well as television providers that aggregate and stream linear content over broadband networks (virtual MVPDs). Customers typically pay us a monthly per-subscriber fee and include many of the leading MVPDs and virtual MVPDs such as Altice USA (including Optimum), AT T (including DirecTV and AT T TV), Charter, Comcast (including Sky), Cox, DISH Network (including Sling TV), Google (including YouTube TV), Shaw, Verizon and Vodafone. 

OTT Video Service Providers and Social Media Companies: includes subscription video-on-demand SVOD and advertising-supported streaming service providers that offer online services and devices that enable internet streaming and downloading of movies, television shows, music and other types of media content, as well as content providers, networks and media companies that provide content directly to consumers through a variety of business models and social media companies that allow users to stream and upload user-generated content, often leveraging a variety of computer vision technologies. Customers have typically paid us fixed fees for specified periods of time and include some of the leading media companies and services including Google (including YouTube), HBOMax, Peacock, Paramount (including Pluto TV) and several of the leading social media companies. 

Consumer Electronics CE Manufacturers: includes producers of content access points such as smart televisions, streaming media devices, video game consoles, mobile devices, content storage devices and other connected media devices. Our CE licenses are typically structured as license fees based on the number of units licensed, for specified products, in defined territories. Our agreements with some of the larger CE manufacturers generally allow customers to ship an unlimited number of units, provided they pay us fixed fees for specified periods of time. Select customers include Panasonic, Roku, Samsung Electronics and TCL. 

Semiconductors: includes providers of sensors, radio frequency RF components, memory and logic devices commonly used in electronic products such as mobile phones, laptops, PCs, game consoles and servers. Our agreements with our semiconductor customers can include fixed fees, per-unit fees, milestone based fees, or a combination of these fees. These agreements are typically for specified periods of time, and our customers include Micron, OmniVision, Samsung, SK hynix, Sony, UMC and Yangtze Memory Technologies. 

We continue to grow our business with several specific opportunities, including: 
 Greater penetration in OTT: The OTT market is currently experiencing explosive growth. For example, the largest providers of SVOD now have approximately 200 million worldwide subscribers, driven in part by the recent launch of several new services. While these services have significantly lower ARPUs as compared to traditional pay-TV, the scale of the overall OTT video market continues to grow and presents an increasingly important licensing opportunity for our business. While we are at a comparatively earlier stage of licensing the key providers in this market, we are confident that the fundamental innovations from our patent portfolios will be similarly relevant to these new and widely-adopted OTT video services. 

Expansion of MVPD licensing internationally: We continue to license MVPDs internationally and have already successfully licensed several leading providers. Licensing unlicensed international MVPD providers presents a significant opportunity for expanding our business. 

6 

Accelerate the Semiconductor licensing business: With the rising cost and complexity of developing cutting-edge semiconductor manufacturing processes, the industry is increasingly looking beyond Moore s Law towards advanced packaging and 3D integration technologies. Leveraging the combination of our highly-experienced technologists, scientists and engineers and our advanced research and development R D labs, we continue to develop industry-leading 3D integration solutions such as hybrid bonding that meet the demand for greater functionality, higher performance and smaller size for the next generation of electronics. 

Expand into new and adjacent markets: With the proliferation of media discovery and distribution and computer vision technologies into new and adjacent markets outside of our current MVPD, OTT, and social media markets, new opportunities have emerged for us to leverage our existing IP portfolios to seek license arrangements with many new companies. Some of these new markets include companies that provide advertising technology, automotive, e-commerce, gaming, and music streaming products and services. 

Research Development 
 As demonstrated by our portfolio of industry recognized, widely-deployed, advanced technologies and IP, we have a long track record of innovating in the fields of media and semiconductors. We believe that ongoing investment in R D is required for us to remain competitive in the markets we serve. Today, we have a collection of world-class talent and strong R D capabilities. Our ongoing investment in R D, which is supported by a strong industry network of partners, enables us to deliver differentiated, cost-effective solutions that enhance the end-user experience in our growing addressable markets. We continue to focus our R D efforts on IP development and next generation technology solutions, including semiconductor hardware research, machine learning and advanced algorithm development. Our R D projects follow a forward-looking technology roadmap and execute a pragmatic technology strategy to position us with a sustainable competitive advantage for decades to come. 
 Competition 
 Due to the exclusionary nature of patent rights, we do not compete, in a traditional sense, with other patent holders for patent licensing relationships. Other patent holders do not have the same rights to the inventions and technologies encompassed by our patent portfolio. In any service, device, or piece of equipment that contains IP, the provider or manufacturer may need to obtain licenses from multiple holders of the IP. In licensing our patent portfolios, we compete with other patent holders for a share of the licensing fees that comprise the total potential revenue that is supported by a certain service or product. 
 Protecting Our Investment 
 We operate in an industry in which innovation, investment in new ideas and protection of our IP rights are critical for success. We protect our innovations and inventions through a variety of means, including applying for patent protection domestically and internationally. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 9,750 patent and patent applications worldwide, including approximately 4,400 United States issued patents and 1,300 patent applications, as well as approximately 3,100 foreign issued patents and 900 patent applications. The last of our currently issued patents are set to expire in 2041. From time to time, we acquire complementary IP portfolios. Our criteria for patent acquisitions include: compatibility with our existing portfolios, the number and jurisdiction of patent assets, the technical and legal strength of the patents, the actual or likely adoption by the industry and the economic value of the inventions. 
 Litigation 
 Although we are engaged with and have successfully licensed and transferred our technologies to many companies, some of the companies that use our patented technologies have nonetheless chosen not to enter into license agreements with us. Consequently, we have, at times, initiated litigation to enforce our IP rights and protect our investment. We view litigation as an instrument of last resort, and we use it only when our efforts to reach negotiated licenses have stalled or failed. If we are unable to secure license agreements on favorable terms through negotiations, or if licensees do not comply with the terms of their licenses, we might have to file new litigation to enforce our rights. 
 7 

Human Capital Resources 
 The opportunities for our success and growth depend in large part on our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented and engaged workforce. In particular, we are competing for technical talent and we need to offer not only robust and attractive compensation packages but also provide broad opportunities for our employees to make an impact, grow and develop. As of December 31, 2022, we had a talent base consisting of approximately 120 full-time employees, with substantially all of our employees located in the U.S. 
 To enable our talent to actively contribute to, and have a positive impact on, our overall business and culture, we develop and maintain a set of programs and initiatives. These programs and initiatives include competitive compensation and benefits offerings, company culture initiatives, diversity and inclusion initiatives and goal and performance management. In support of these efforts, our Board of Directors monitors many of these programs and initiatives and provides guidance and feedback as appropriate. Our goal is to provide a work environment that empowers our teams and enables employees to enjoy a healthy and productive work-life balance for themselves, their families and our community. 
 Our incentives are based on merits, and we have a strong pay-for-performance culture. We benchmark our total rewards annually to ensure our compensation and benefit programs remain competitive with industry peers. Our compensation framework for employees reflects a combination of fixed and variable pay including base salary, bonuses, performance awards and stock-based compensation. We offer competitive employee benefits that are designed to meet or exceed local laws. 
 We invest in the career growth of our employees by providing a wide range of development opportunities, including face-to-face (where possible), virtual, social and self-directed learning, mentoring, coaching, training and external development. We also conduct annual assessments of employees to identify development needs based on department goals. We believe in the principles of a learning organization and strive to provide continuous educational opportunities for our employees. 
 We leverage our manager ecosystem to align corporate goals with employee objectives. We have delivered management training and supplementary resources to enable our management community to provide excellent support and guidance to their teams. Employees are encouraged to create and align individual, functional and team-based goals, track performance against goals, write self-evaluations and provide feedback to supervisors or management members. 
 None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement or are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any organized work stoppages, and we consider the relationships with our employees to be positive. 
 Environmental and Social Impact 
 On October 1, 2022, following completion of our separation of our product business, we adopted an initial ESG statement for the Adeia business, which notes our commitment to sustainability and its impact on the environment and society, as well as ethical and corporate governance considerations. Given the substantial change in our post-Separation operations and ESG footprint, we have engaged a third-party consulting firm to advise us on ESG matters. We intend to regularly revisit and update our ESG statement to ensure it evolves with changes in industry demands and regulations. 
 Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.adeia.com, where we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations section of our website. The information found on our website is not incorporated into this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 8 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. Any of the following risks and uncertainties may be exacerbated by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and related events. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. 
 Risks Related to the Separation 
 We may not be able to achieve the expected benefits of the separation. 

If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we could be subject to significant tax liability. 

Following the separation and distribution, we rely on Xperi Inc. for certain transition services and following the completion of the transition period, we will need to provide these services internally or obtain them from unaffiliated third parties. 

The separation and related transactions may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal distribution requirements. 

Following the separation and distribution, we may not enjoy the same benefits of diversity, leverage, and market reputation that we enjoyed as a combined company. 

Certain members of our Board of Directors and management may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their ownership of our shares and shares of Xperi Inc. 

In connection with our separation, we assumed, and indemnified Xperi Inc. for certain liabilities. If we are required to make payments pursuant to these indemnities, we may need to divert cash to meet those obligations and our financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, Xperi Inc. will assume, and indemnify us for certain liabilities. These indemnities may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of liabilities for which we will be allocated responsibility, and Xperi Inc. may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. 

Risks Relating to Our Business Operations 
 The success of our IP licensing business is dependent on the strength of our patent portfolios. 

We enter into IP license agreements that have fixed expiration dates and if, upon expiration or termination, we are unable to renew or replace such license agreements on terms favorable to us, our results of operations could be harmed. 

If we fail to protect and enforce our IP rights, contract rights, and our confidential information, our business will suffer. 

If we fail to use adequate mechanisms to protect our technology and IP, or if a court fails to enforce our IP rights, our business will suffer. We cannot be certain that these protection mechanisms can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated or challenged. 

Due to the nature of our business, we could continue to be involved in a number of costly litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings to enforce or defend our IP rights and to defend our licensing practices. 

Some of our IP license agreements contain most favored nations clauses, which may restrict our ability to offer more competitive terms to other customers in the future. 

We regularly make strategic decisions about our patent portfolios. Although we seek to focus our operations in areas where we see the potential for growth and to divest assets where we see more limited opportunities, dispositions we decide to undertake may involve risks, and the anticipated benefits of such actions may not be realized. 

9 

Our business and results of operations have been, and are expected to continue to be, impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. 

The structure and timing of our IP license agreements may cause fluctuations in our quarterly or annual financial results. 

Some of our IP license agreements may convert to fully paid-up licenses at the expiration of their terms, or upon the occurrence of certain events, and in such event, we will not receive fees thereafter. 

The long-term success of our business is partially dependent on a royalty-based business model, which is inherently risky. 

A portion of our revenue and cash flow is dependent upon our customers sales and other factors that are beyond our control or are difficult to forecast. 

Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 We have significant indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position. 

Our variable rate indebtedness may expose us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt costs to increase significantly. 

U.S. Federal Reserve Bank monetary policy actions could increase our costs of servicing our variable rate indebtedness and increase our risk of default. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations. 

Repayment of debt is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries. 

If our goodwill and other intangible assets become further impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations, could adversely affect our effective tax rates and negatively affect our business and financial condition. 

Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to limitations. 

Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters 
 New governmental regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, including legislative initiatives, or judicial or regulatory decisions regarding IP rights or the internet could cause uncertainties and result in harm to our business. 

Further deterioration of trade relations between the United States and China, other trade conflicts and barriers, economic sanctions, and national security protection policies could limit or prevent existing or potential customers from doing business with us. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our financial and operating results may vary, which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

We may not pay dividends or pay dividends at a consistent rate, and any decrease in or suspension of the dividend could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our stock repurchase program could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, and the program may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law might delay or prevent a change of control transaction and depress the market price of our stock. 

10 

Risks Related to the Separation 
 We may not be able to achieve the expected benefits of the separation. 
 On October 1, 2022, we completed the separation of our product business from our intellectual property IP licensing business, resulting in two independently traded companies: Xperi Inc., the new holding company for the spun-out product business, and Adeia Inc., our company. We undertook the separation to achieve certain intended benefits including: 
 eliminating competing priorities for capital allocation between the product and IP licensing businesses; 

enabling the respective management teams to better focus on strengthening their core businesses and operations; 

enhancing operational flexibility for both businesses, particularly in dealing with suppliers and customers; 

streamlining the investment profiles of both businesses and enhancing their marketability; and 

improving access to talent by allowing each company to capitalize on their distinct cultures and recruitment strategies. 

If the separation does not provide the benefits we intend, there could be a disruption of our operations, loss of, or inability to recruit, key personnel needed to operate and grow our business and impairment of our key customer relationships. In addition, the separation continues to require management s time and effort, which may divert management s attention from operating and growing our business. Furthermore, as a result of the separation, we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events and our business will be less diversified than our business prior to the separation. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the separation, or do not achieve them in the time we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we could be subject to significant tax liability. 
 The distribution was conditioned on a tax opinion from outside counsel, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to us, substantially to the effect that, among other things, the distribution and certain related transactions will qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 and Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code (the Tax Opinion ). Additionally, we received a private letter ruling from the IRS, substantially to the effect that, among other things, the distribution, together with certain related transactions, will qualify as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 and Section 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code (the IRS Ruling ). The IRS Ruling and the Tax Opinion relied on certain facts, assumptions, and undertakings, and certain representations from us and Xperi Inc., regarding the past and future conduct of both respective businesses and other matters. The Tax Opinion also relied on the continued validity of the IRS Ruling. Notwithstanding the Tax Opinion and the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution or certain related transactions should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the Tax Opinion that are not covered by the IRS Ruling. 
 If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, then our stockholders that received shares of Xperi Inc. common stock in the distribution would be treated as having received a distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of such shares (including any fractional shares sold on behalf of such stockholder) on the distribution date and could incur significant income tax liabilities, and we would recognize corporate level taxable gain on the distribution in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of Xperi Inc. common stock distributed to our stockholders on the distribution date over our tax basis in such stock. In addition, if certain related transactions, including certain transactions undertaken pursuant to our internal reorganization and business realignment, through which we entered into a series of internal reorganization transactions with Xperi Inc. to align our respective product and IP licensing businesses (the Internal Reorganization and Business Realignment ), that are intended to qualify for tax-free treatment, fail to qualify for tax-free treatment under U.S. federal, state, local tax and/or foreign tax law, we and Xperi Inc. could incur significant tax liabilities and/or lose significant tax attributes under U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law. 
 Even if the distribution otherwise constitutes a tax-free transaction to stockholders under Section 355 of the Code, we may be required to recognize corporate level tax on the distribution and certain related transactions under Section 355(e) of the Code if, as a result of the all-stock merger of equals transaction consummated on June 1, 2020 between TiVo Corporation and Xperi Corporation and their respective consolidated subsidiaries (the Mergers or other transactions considered part of a plan with the distribution, there is a 50 percent or greater change of ownership in us or Xperi Inc. 
 11 

Following the Mergers, and in anticipation of the distribution, we sought and received the IRS Ruling, which included a ruling from the IRS regarding the proper manner and methodology for measuring the common ownership of our stock and the stock of TiVo Corporation and Xperi Corporation for purposes of determining whether there has been a 50 percent or greater change of ownership under Section 355(e) of the Code. The Tax Opinion relied on the continued validity of the IRS Ruling, as well as certain factual representations from us as to the extent of common ownership in the stock of TiVo Corporation and Xperi Corporation immediately prior to the Mergers. Based on the representations made by us as to the common ownership in the stock of TiVo Corporation and Xperi Corporation immediately prior to the Mergers and assuming the continued validity of the IRS Ruling, the Tax Opinion concluded that there was not a 50 percent or greater change of ownership for purposes of Section 355(e) as a result of the Mergers. Notwithstanding the Tax Opinion and the IRS Ruling, the IRS could determine that the distribution or a related transaction should nevertheless be treated as a taxable transaction to us if it determines that any of the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings provided by us are not correct or that the distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions in the Tax Opinion that are not covered by the IRS Ruling. 
 Under the tax matters agreement that we entered into with Xperi Inc. on October 1, 2022 (the Tax Matters Agreement ), Xperi Inc. is generally obligated to indemnify us against taxes imposed on us that result from the failure of the distribution to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including any taxes imposed on us due to the application of Section 355(e) to the distribution), to the extent such failure is attributable to actions, events or transactions relating to Xperi Inc. or its affiliates stock, assets or business, or any breach of Xperi Inc. s representations, covenants or obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement (or certain other agreements it entered into in connection with the separation and distribution) or any breach by Xperi Inc. or its affiliates of representations made in any representation letter provided in connection with the Tax Opinion. 
 If the distribution fails to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes for certain reasons relating to the overall structure of the Mergers and the distribution, then under the Tax Matters Agreement, we and Xperi Inc. would share the tax liability resulting from such failure in accordance with our relative market capitalizations as of the distribution date (determined based on the average trading prices of each company s stock during the ten trading days beginning on the distribution date). 
 If the distribution or certain related transactions are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. As described above, we may be entitled to indemnification from Xperi Inc. under the Tax Matters Agreement for all or a portion of such tax liabilities. However, if Xperi Inc. fails to indemnify us, as required by the Tax Matters Agreement, or if we are required to recognize tax on the distribution or certain related transactions under circumstances where we are not entitled to indemnification, or if such indemnities are not sufficient to satisfy the full amount of such tax, we could be subject to significant tax liability. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Xperi Inc. any amounts that are subject to indemnification, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Following the separation and distribution, we rely on Xperi Inc. for certain transition services and following the completion of the transition period, we will need to provide these services internally or obtain them from unaffiliated third parties. 
 We and Xperi Inc. entered into a transition services agreement in connection with the separation pursuant to which Xperi Inc. and its subsidiaries provide us and our subsidiaries various services for an up to 12-month transitional period. The services provided include back-office functions and assistance with regard to administrative tasks relating to day-to-day activities as needed, including finance, accounting, and tax activities, IT services, customer support, facilities services, human resources, and general corporate support, as well as pass-through services provided by certain vendors. Our interests and those of Xperi Inc. could differ with respect to the provision of the services during the transitional period, which could negatively impact the scope, duration or effectiveness of the transition services agreement. In addition, if Xperi Inc. or its subsidiaries do not satisfactorily perform their obligations under the transition service agreement, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 Following the completion of the transition period, we will need to provide internally or obtain from unaffiliated third parties certain services we previously received from the product business now comprising Xperi Inc. and its affiliates. We may be unable to replace these services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions as favorable as the terms of the transition services agreement. If we fail to obtain the quality of administrative services necessary to operate effectively or incur greater costs in obtaining these services, our profitability, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 12 

The separation and related transactions may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal distribution requirements. 
 Although we received a solvency opinion confirming that we and Xperi Inc. will each be adequately capitalized following the distribution, the separation could be challenged under various state and federal fraudulent conveyance laws. Fraudulent conveyances or transfers are generally defined to include transfers made or obligations incurred with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud current or future creditors or transfers made or obligations incurred for less than reasonably equivalent value when the debtor was insolvent, or that rendered the debtor insolvent, inadequately capitalized or unable to pay its debts as they become due. Any unpaid creditor could claim that we did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value in the separation and distribution, and that the separation and distribution left us insolvent or with unreasonably small capital or that we intended or believed we would incur debts beyond our ability to pay such debts as they mature. If a court were to agree with such a plaintiff, then such court could void the separation and distribution as a fraudulent transfer or impose substantial liabilities on us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and our results of operations. 
 The distribution is also subject to review under state corporate distribution statutes. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), a corporation may only pay dividends to its stockholders either (i) out of its surplus (net assets minus capital) or (ii) if there is no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Although our board of directors intended to make the distribution out of our surplus and received an opinion that we had adequate surplus under Delaware law to declare the dividend of Xperi Inc. common stock in connection with the distribution, there can be no assurance that a court will not later determine that some or all of the distribution was unlawful. 
 Following the separation and distribution, we may not enjoy the same benefits of diversity, leverage, and market reputation that we enjoyed as a combined company. 
 Our business (or portions thereof) has historically benefited from our (and, prior to the Mergers, TiVo Corporation and Xperi Corporation s) operating diversity and purchasing power, as well as opportunities to pursue integrated strategies with our other businesses, including those businesses that were allocated to Xperi Inc. in connection with the separation. Following the separation and distribution, we will not have similar diversity or integration opportunities and may not have similar purchasing power or access to capital markets. 
 Additionally, following the separation and distribution, we may become more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if Xperi Inc. had remained part of our organizational structure. As part of our business, we (and, prior to the Mergers, as part of TiVo Corporation and Xperi Corporation, as applicable) have been able to leverage our historical market reputation and performance as well as those businesses brand identities, which has allowed us to, among other things, recruit and retain key personnel to run our business. Following the separation and distribution, we may not enjoy the same historical market reputation, nor the same performance or brand identity, which may make it more difficult for us to recruit or retain such key personnel. 
 Certain members of our Board of Directors and management may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their ownership of our shares and shares of Xperi Inc. 
 As a result of the way in which the employee matters agreement addressed equity compensation awards held by our and Xperi Inc. s directors and executives, certain members of our Board of Directors and management own shares of Xperi Inc. and/or restricted stock units of Xperi Inc., which could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our directors and executive officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for Xperi Inc. and us. 
 In connection with our separation we assumed, and indemnified Xperi Inc. for, certain liabilities. If we are required to make payments pursuant to these indemnities, we may need to divert cash to meet those obligations and our financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, Xperi Inc. will assume, and indemnify us for certain liabilities. These indemnities may not be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of liabilities for which we will be allocated responsibility, and Xperi Inc. may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future. 
 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, the employee matters agreement, and the tax matters agreement with Xperi Inc., we agreed to assume, and indemnify Xperi Inc. for certain liabilities for uncapped amounts, which could include, among other items, associated defense costs, settlement amounts and judgments. Payments pursuant to these indemnities could be significant and could negatively impact our business. 
 13 

Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities allocated to Xperi Inc., including those related to Xperi Inc. s business. Xperi Inc. agreed to indemnify us for such liabilities, but such indemnities may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities. Even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Xperi Inc. any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additionally, we assumed and are responsible for the payment of our share of (i) certain liabilities of Xperi Inc. relating to, arising out of, or resulting from certain general corporate matters of Xperi Inc. and (ii) certain separation expenses not otherwise allocated to Xperi Inc. (or allocated specifically to us) pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, and third parties could seek to hold us responsible for Xperi Inc. s share of any such liabilities. Xperi Inc. will indemnify us for their share of any such liabilities; however, such indemnities may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, and/or Xperi Inc. may not be able to fully satisfy their respective indemnification obligations. In addition, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Xperi Inc. any amounts for which we are held liable in excess of our agreed share, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business Operations 
 The success of our IP licensing business is dependent on the strength of our patent portfolios. 
 We derive our revenue from patent licenses and technology transfer agreements. The success of our business depends on our ability to continue to develop, acquire, and enforce patents that address the evolving needs of the industries in which our current or future customers operate. We devote significant resources to developing and acquiring such patents and we must continue to do so in the future to remain competitive. Competition for acquiring such patents is intense and there is no assurance that we can continue to acquire such patents on favorable terms or develop such patents in a timely or economical fashion. Furthermore, our patents will expire in the future, the timing of which varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our current U.S. issued patents expire at various times through the next two decades. Consequently, we need to develop or acquire successful innovations and obtain patents on those innovations, or acquire new patents from third parties, before our current patents expire. Our failure to do so could significantly harm our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We enter into IP license agreements that have fixed expiration dates and if, upon expiration or termination, we are unable to renew or replace such license agreements on terms favorable to us, our results of operations could be harmed. 
 We enter into IP license agreements that have fixed expiration dates. Upon expiration of such agreements, we need to renew or replace these agreements in order to maintain our revenue base. If we are unable to replace the revenue from an expiring license, either through a renewal of such license or with licenses from other customers, our results of operations could be adversely impacted as compared to periods prior to such expiration. 
 In addition, we may not be able to continue entering into licenses on terms that are favorable to us, which could harm our results of operations. While we have expanded our licensable technology portfolio through internal development and third-party acquisitions, there is no guarantee that these measures will lead to continued revenue. If we fail to continue to do business with our current customers, our business would be materially adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, a small number of our customers represent a significant percentage of our revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022, three customers represented 40 of aggregate revenue. Agreements with some of these customers do not require any minimum license fees. Consumer demand for our technologies can shift quickly as many of the markets in which we serve are rapidly evolving. As a result, these customers may lose subscribers, which would reduce our revenue. Accordingly, the possibility that a customer, including a customer that represents a significant portion of our revenue, may reduce or eliminate its use of our technologies, presents a risk to our business. 
 14 

If we fail to protect and enforce our IP rights, contract rights, and our confidential information, our business will suffer. 
 We rely primarily on a combination of license, development and nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions, as well as IP laws, to protect our technology and IP. If we fail to protect our technology or IP, including by failing to enforce the terms of our contracts or IP rights through litigation, our customers and others may seek to use our technology and IP without a license or without the payment of license fees, which could weaken our competitive position, reduce our operating results and increase the likelihood of costly litigation. Others may also develop technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies, duplicate our technologies or design around our technologies. The growth of our business depends in large part on our ability to secure IP rights in a timely manner, our ability to convince third parties of the applicability of our IP rights to their products and services, and our ability to enforce our IP rights. 
 We attempt to obtain patent protection for our innovations, and our license agreements typically include both issued patents and pending patent applications. If we fail to file for patents in a timely manner or if the patents issued to us do not cover all of the inventions disclosed in our patent applications, others could use portions of our technology and IP without a license or without the payment of license fees. For example, our business may suffer if we are unable to obtain patent protection in a timely manner from the US Patent and Trademark Office due to processing delays resulting from examiner turnover and a continuing backlog of patent applications. 
 If we fail to use adequate mechanisms to protect our technology and IP, or if a court fails to enforce our IP rights, our business will suffer. We cannot be certain that these protection mechanisms can be successfully asserted in the future or will not be invalidated or challenged. 
 Further, the laws and enforcement regimes of certain countries may not protect our technology and IP to the same extent as do the laws and enforcement regimes of the U.S. In certain jurisdictions we may be unable to protect our technology and IP adequately against unauthorized use, which could adversely affect our business. 
 At times, we are engaged in disputes regarding the licensing of our IP rights, including matters related to our license fees and other terms of our licensing arrangements. These types of disputes can be asserted by our customers, prospective customers, or by other third parties as part of negotiations with us or in private actions seeking monetary damages or injunctive relief, or in regulatory actions. Any such disputes, regardless of their merit, could be difficult and costly to defend or settle. Damages and requests for injunctive relief asserted in disputes like these could be significant and could be disruptive to our business. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we could continue to be involved in a number of costly litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings to enforce or defend our IP rights and to defend our licensing practices. 
 While some companies seek licenses before they commence manufacturing and/or selling products, services or solutions that use our patented inventions, most do not. Consequently, we proactively approach companies and seek to establish license agreements for using our inventions. We expend significant time and effort identifying users and potential users of our inventions and negotiating license agreements with companies, including those that may be reluctant to pay for licenses to our IP. However, if we believe that a third party is required to take a license to our patents in order to manufacture, sell, offer for sale, import or use products and services, we have in the past commenced, and may in the future, commence legal or administrative action against the third party if they refuse to enter into a license agreement with us. In turn, we have faced, and could continue to face, counterclaims and other legal proceedings that claim that our patents are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed. Litigation adversaries have also filed against us, and other third parties may in the future file, validity challenges such as Inter Partes Review proceedings in the USPTO, which can lead to delays of our patent infringement actions as well as potential findings of invalidity. Further, in certain jurisdictions where we may pursue protections of our IP rights, if we are unsuccessful in litigation, we may be liable for the costs of defendants that receive favorable rulings. Given the nature of our business, such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 15 

Some of our IP license agreements contain most favored nations clauses, which may restrict our ability to offer more competitive terms to other customers in the future. 
 Some of our license agreements contain most favored nation clauses, which typically provide that if we enter into an agreement with another customer on more favorable terms, we must offer some of those terms to our existing customers. We have entered into a number of license agreements with terms that differ in some respects from those contained in other agreements. These agreements may obligate us to provide different, more favorable, terms to customers, which could, if applied, result in lower revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we believe that we have appropriately complied with the most favored nation terms included in our license agreements, these contracts are complex and other parties could reach a different conclusion that, if enforced, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Disputes over such terms may be costly, difficult and time-consuming to resolve, and could divert our management s attention and resources. 
 We regularly make strategic decisions about our patent portfolios. Although we seek to focus our operations in areas where we see the potential for growth and to divest assets where we see more limited opportunities, dispositions we decide to undertake may involve risks, and the anticipated benefits of such actions may not be realized. 
 From time to time, we intend to make strategic decisions about our patent portfolio, whether through a formal portfolio review or opportunistic dispositions. Cost savings expectations of any portfolio review are inherently uncertain and, therefore, we cannot provide assurance that we will achieve any expected or actual cost savings from any such action. Our portfolio review activities may place substantial demands on our management, which could lead to the diversion of management s attention from other business priorities. Any assets that we divest could turn out to be more valuable than we had anticipated, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any strategic decision about our patent portfolio. 
 
 Our business and results of operations have been, and are expected to continue to be, impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our business and results of operations have been adversely affected by the global COVID-19 pandemic and related events and we expect its impact to continue. The impact to date has included periods of significant volatility in various markets and industries. The volatility has had, and we anticipate it will continue to have, an adverse effect on our customers and on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and may result in increased credit losses. For example, the consumer electronics industry has been and may continue to be impacted by the pandemic and/or other events beyond our control, and further volatility could have an additional negative impact on this industry, its customers, and on our business operations, which may lead to reduced revenue. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact the financial condition of our customers who may not be able to satisfy their obligations under our agreements timely or at all. 
 The structure and timing of our IP license agreements may cause fluctuations in our quarterly or annual financial results. 
 From time to time, we enter into IP license agreements that include pricing or payment terms that may result in quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year fluctuations in our revenue and cash flows. See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Revenue Recognition. As a result, the effects of these terms may cause our aggregate annual revenue to fluctuate significantly or to grow less rapidly than annual growth in the applicable end market. Additionally, our customers may fail to pay, delay payment of, or underpay what they owe to us under our IP license agreements, which may in turn require us to enforce our contractual rights through legal proceedings, resulting in payment amounts and timing different than expected based on the terms of our license agreements. This also may cause our revenue and cash flows to fluctuate on a quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year basis. 
 Some of our IP license agreements may convert to fully paid-up licenses at the expiration of their terms, or upon the occurrence of certain events, and in such event we will not receive fees thereafter. 
 From time to time, we enter into semiconductor IP license agreements that automatically convert to fully paid-up licenses upon expiration of a specified term or upon the occurrence of certain events. We may not receive further fees from customers for any licensed technology under those agreements if they convert to fully paid-up licenses because such customers will be entitled to continue using some, if not all, of the relevant IP or technology under the terms of the license agreements without further payment, even if relevant patents or technologies are still in effect. If we cannot find another source of fees to replace the fees from these license agreements converting to fully paid-up licenses, our results of operations following such conversion would be materially adversely affected. 
 16 

The long-term success of our business is partially dependent on a royalty-based business model, which is inherently risky. 
 The long-term success of our business is partially dependent on royalties paid to us by customers. Fees under our licenses may be based upon, among other things, the number of subscribers for Pay-TV, a per-unit sold basis, or a fixed quarterly or annual amount. We are dependent upon our ability to structure, negotiate, and enforce agreements for the determination and payment of such fees, as well as upon our customers compliance with their agreements. We face risks inherent in a license-based business model, many of which are outside of our control, such as the following: 
 the number of subscribers our Pay-TV customers have; 

the rate of adoption and incorporation of our technology by semiconductor manufacturers, assemblers, foundries, and manufacturers of consumer and communication electronics; 

the demand for products that incorporate our licensed technology; 

the cyclicality of supply and demand for products using our licensed technology; 

the impact of economic downturns; and 

the impact of poor financial performance of our customers. 

A portion of our revenue and cash flow is dependent upon our customers sales and other factors that are beyond our control or are difficult to forecast. 
 A portion of our revenue is dependent on sales by our customers that are outside our control and that could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including global, regional and/or country-specific economic conditions and/or public health concerns (e.g., the COVID-19 pandemic), country-specific natural disasters impacting licensee manufacturing and sales, demand and buying patterns of end users, which are often driven by replacement and innovation cycles, the service life of products incorporating our technologies, competition for our customers products, supply chain disruptions, and any decline in the sale prices our customers receive for their covered products and services. The foregoing factors are difficult to forecast and could adversely affect both our quarterly and annual operating results and financial condition. 
 We depend on our customers to continue paying their obligations under their license agreements to provide us cash flow, and our customers may delay, refuse to or be unable to make payments to us due to financial difficulties or otherwise. 
 Most of our customers sign multi-year agreements with us providing for periodic payments through the term of the agreement. As such, we are dependent upon our customers to make timely payments to provide us with our cash flows. A number of our customers may face severe financial difficulties from time to time, which may result in their inability to make payments to us in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, we have had a history of, and we may in the future experience, customers that delay or refuse to make payments owed to us under IP license or settlement agreements. Our customers may also merge with or may shift the manufacture of licensed products to companies that are not currently customers of our technology. This could make the collection process complex, difficult and costly, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 It is difficult for us to verify royalty amounts owed to us under our IP license agreements, and this may cause us to lose revenue. 
 The terms of our IP license agreements often require our customers to report on the number of subscribers or unit sales on a periodic basis. However, we may have difficulty independently determining whether our customers are reporting such data accurately. In addition, although our license terms generally give us the right to audit books and records of our customers to verify this information, audits can be expensive, time consuming, potentially detrimental to our ongoing business relationships with our customers and, in some cases, may not be cost justified based on our understanding of our customers businesses. 
 We face competitive risks in the provision of IP licenses to the industries that we serve, including the entertainment industry and electronic industries. 
 Due to the exclusionary nature of patent rights, we do not compete, in a traditional sense, with other patent holders for patent licensing relationships. Other patent holders do not have the same rights to the inventions and technologies encompasses by our patent portfolio. However, our future success depends on our ability to establish and maintain licensing relationships with companies in the industries that we currently serve and may enter in the future, including Pay-TV service providers, consumer electronics manufacturers, semiconductor and equipment manufacturers, and the entertainment and electronics businesses. 
 17 

Our pursuit of acquisitions and divestures may adversely affect our business operations or stock price if we cannot successfully execute our strategies. 
 We have made several acquisitions, domestically and internationally, and it is our current plan to continue to acquire assets, patents or companies that we believe are strategic to our future business. Acquisitions involve challenges in terms of successful integration of IP, technologies, and employees. 
 Our future success will depend, in part, upon the ability of our management team to manage any growth effectively, requiring our management to: 
 recruit, hire, and train additional personnel; 

implement and improve our operational and financial systems, procedures, and controls; 

maintain our cost structure at an appropriate level based on the revenue and cash we forecast and generate; 

manage multiple concurrent IP development projects; and 

manage operations in multiple time zones with different cultures and languages. 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the other acquisitions we may complete in the future, and we may not be able to incorporate any acquired IP or technologies with our existing operations, or integrate personnel, systems, processes and operations from the acquired businesses, in which case our business could be harmed. 
 Financing for future acquisitions may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. If we use our equity securities to fund the acquisition, it may result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders. If we identify an appropriate acquisition candidate for any of our businesses, we may not be able to negotiate the terms of the acquisition successfully, finance the acquisition or integrate the acquired technologies or employees into our existing business and operations. Future acquisitions and divestitures may not be well-received by the investment community, which may cause the value of our stock to fall. We cannot ensure that we will be able to successfully complete any acquisition or divestiture in the future. Further, the terms of our indebtedness constrain our ability to make and finance additional acquisitions or divestitures. 
 We are exposed to the risks related to international sales and operations. 
 We derive a portion of our total revenue from operations outside of the United States. Therefore, we face exposure to risks of operating in many foreign countries, including: 
 difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties, regulations and compliance requirements; 

unexpected changes in political or regulatory environments; 

earnings and cash flows that may be subject to tax withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs; 

exchange controls or other restrictions; 

political and economic instability and trade conflict; 

import and export restrictions and other trade barriers; 

difficulties in maintaining overseas subsidiaries; 

difficulties in obtaining approval for significant transactions; and 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Any one or more of the above factors could adversely affect our international operations and could significantly affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The results of our operations will be dependent to a large extent upon the global economy. Geopolitical factors such as terrorist activities, armed conflict or global health conditions that adversely affect the global economy may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 18 

We are also subject to risks associated with compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), which generally prohibits companies and their employees and intermediaries from making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining an advantage or benefits, and requires public companies to maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. Under these laws, companies may be held liable for actions taken by directors, officers, employees, agents, or other partners or representatives. If we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or similar laws, governmental authorities could commence an investigation or seek to impose civil and criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Uncertainty and instability resulting from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and operations. 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the uncertainty surrounding the conflict could negatively impact global and regional economic conditions and financial markets, which may adversely affect our business operations. In response to the conflict, the U.S., European Union and other countries have imposed financial and economic sanctions against Russia and certain businesses and companies associated with Russia, which are creating, and may continue to create, market disruption and volatility and instability in the geopolitical environment. The extent to which this conflict escalates to other countries and the resulting impact of sanctions on the global market, including supply chain disruptions, shortages of energy supplies and raw materials, inflation and rising cost of fuels and transportation, cyberwarfare, consumer confidence, and spending in the United States and other countries in which we operate, remains uncertain. In addition, continued conflict and the resulting uncertainty would negatively impact certain of our customers who either have operations or derive sales in the region, which could ultimately have an adverse effect on us. If the war continues without resolution, it may lead to further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and recession in the global economy, any of which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our systems, networks and business activities and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations are subject to cybersecurity and stability risks, including information technology system failures, and security breaches. 
 Despite our provisions for system redundancy and the implementation of security measures within our internal and external information technology and networking systems, our information technology systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations may be subject to security breaches, unauthorized access (malicious or accidental), misuse of information by authorized users, data leaks or unintentional exposure of information, failed processes or other bugs, loss of data, damages from computer viruses or malware, natural disasters, terrorism, telecommunication failures or disruption of service. In addition, our business activities depend on the ability to store and transmit confidential or proprietary information and data securely on our systems and third-party systems and over private, and public networks. Any compromise of our ability to store or transmit such information and data securely or reliably, and any costs associated with preventing or eliminating such problems, could harm our business. Our activities are subject to a number of cybersecurity and stability risks: 
 our own or licensed encryption and authentication technology, or access or security procedures, may be compromised, breached or otherwise be insufficient to ensure the security of confidential or proprietary information or data, including customer information; 

we could experience damage from unauthorized access, computer viruses, ransomware, system interference or destruction, denial of service attacks and other disruptive problems, whether intentional or accidental, that may inhibit or prevent access to our websites and infrastructure, or cause confidential or proprietary information to be disclosed to a perpetrator, others or the general public; 

hackers could circumvent our security measures and misappropriate our information, or our customers proprietary information or content, interrupt operations, or jeopardize our licensing arrangements, many of which are contingent on our sustaining appropriate security protections; or 

we could inadvertently disclose confidential or proprietary information. 

19 

Each of the foregoing risks also applies to the computer systems of third parties that we rely upon in our operations, including providers of cloud storage and services. The occurrence of any of these or similar events could damage our business, hurt our ability to license IP and collect revenue, threaten the proprietary or confidential nature of our technology, harm our reputation, increase the costs of our ongoing cybersecurity protections and enhancements, require us to incur significant expenses to address, remediate or resolve such issues and expose us to litigation and other liabilities. Because some of our technologies are intended to inhibit use of or restrict access to our customers IP, we may become the target of hackers or other persons whose use of, or access to, our customers IP is affected by our technologies. Also, hackers may, for financial gain or other motives, seek to infiltrate or damage our systems, or obtain sensitive business information or customer information. We also may be exposed to customer claims, or other liability, in connection with any security breach or inadvertent disclosure. We may be required to expend significant capital or other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches, hacker attacks or system malfunctions or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches, attacks or failures. 
 If we lose any of our key personnel or are unable to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. 
 Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our key management, IP, sales, marketing, legal and finance personnel, many of whom are highly skilled and would be difficult to replace. None of our senior management or key sales personnel are bound by written employment contracts that require them to remain with us for a specified period. In addition, we do not currently maintain key-person life insurance covering our key personnel or have restrictions on their post-employment ability to solicit our employees, contractors or customers if key personnel voluntarily terminate their employment. The loss of any of our senior management or other key personnel could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate. Our future success will depend to a significant extent on the ability of these executives to effectively drive execution of our business strategy, and on the ability of our management team to work together effectively. 
 Our success also depends on our ability to attract, train and retain highly skilled managerial, sales, marketing, legal and finance personnel and on the abilities of new personnel to function effectively, both individually and as a group. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, particularly in the technology industry in which we operate, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel. If we fail to attract and retain qualified employees, including internationally, our ability to grow our business could be harmed. In order to attract and retain personnel in a competitive marketplace, we believe that we must provide a competitive compensation package, including cash and equity-based compensation. Some of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel may be able to offer more attractive terms of employment to potential candidates. Volatility in our stock price may from time to time adversely affect our ability to recruit or retain employees. 
 Risks Related to Financial Matters 
 We have significant indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 749.3 million of total debt outstanding under our Refinanced Term B Loans. Our Refinanced Term B Loans are guaranteed by us and our wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries and are secured by substantially all of our and the subsidiary guarantors assets. Our indebtedness may: 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 

limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes; 

require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 

limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; and 

increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 

Our ability to meet our debt service obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. 
 20 

Our variable rate indebtedness may expose us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt costs to increase significantly. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 749.3 million of outstanding indebtedness that was subject to floating interest rates. Changes in economic conditions outside of our control could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and reducing the funds available for capital investment, operations or other purposes. At December 31, 2022, a 1 increase in the effective interest rate on our outstanding debt throughout a one-year period would result in an annual increase in our interest expense of approximately 7.3 million. Any significant increase in our interest expense could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows and also our ability to pay dividends in the future. If the U.S. Federal Reserve continues to raise its benchmark interest rate through one or more rate hikes, as is currently anticipated by many banking analysts, the increases would likely impact the borrowing rate on our outstanding indebtedness and increase our interest expense. 
 U.S. Federal Reserve Bank monetary policy actions could increase our costs of servicing our variable rate indebtedness and increase our risk of default. 
 Since the beginning of 2022, the Federal Reserve has increased interest rates from time to time. Together with any reduction of securities held on the Federal Reserve s balance sheet quantitative tightening ), domestic market interest rates are expected to continue to rise across the yield curve. Higher interest rates resulting from tightening domestic monetary policy are expected to increase our debt servicing costs on our variable rate indebtedness. 
 If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt due to increases in interests rates, we will be in default and, as a result: lenders under our existing and future indebtedness could declare (or some of the following could occur automatically) all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable; lenders under our credit facilities could terminate their commitments to loan money; secured lenders could foreclose against the assets securing such borrowings; and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation, in each case, which could result in any of the holders of our indebtedness and/or our stockholders losing their investments. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations. 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness when due. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to timely fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of cash flows and capital resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. Our credit agreement restricts our ability to dispose of assets, use the proceeds from any disposition of assets and refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to maximize the proceeds that we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. 
 Repayment of debt is dependent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries. 
 Our subsidiaries own a significant portion of our assets and conduct substantially all of our operations. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Additionally, distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries may be subject to foreign withholding taxes and would be subject to U.S. federal and state income tax which could reduce the net cash available for principal and interest payments. 
 21 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements could be impaired, which could increase our operating costs and affect our ability to operate our business. 
 Ensuring that we have adequate internal controls and procedures in place to facilitate the production of accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. We are continually in the process of documenting, reviewing and, if appropriate, improving our internal controls and procedures in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accountants on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify areas for further attention or improvement, implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training of our directors, officers and employees, entail substantial costs in order to modify our existing accounting systems, and take a significant amount of time to complete. We have in the past identified, and may in the future identify, significant deficiencies in the design and operation of our internal controls, which have been or will in the future need to be remediated. For example, we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to the design and operation of controls to review forecast assumptions used in the determination of fair value of intangible assets acquired through business combinations and in the testing of goodwill impairment, and we concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2020. While we implemented remediation plans in response to such material weaknesses and concluded that such material weaknesses were remediated as of December 31, 2021 and as of December 31, 2022, there is no guarantee that in the future we will be able to remediate any identified material weakness timely or at all, or in a cost effective manner. 
 Finally, in the event we make a significant acquisition, we may face significant challenges in implementing the required processes and procedures in the acquired operations. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to investors perceptions that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements. 
 If our goodwill and other intangible assets become further impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 354.0 million impairment charge on the value of our goodwill, which was allocated to the Company s former Product segment and is included as part of net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. Our goodwill intangible asset is a result of our history of making strategic acquisitions in addition to internal development, and we intend to acquire additional assets through strategic relationships and transactions. We believe these strategic relationships and transactions will enhance the competitiveness and size of our current businesses and provide diversification into markets and technologies that complement our current businesses. Future transactions could be in the form of asset purchases, equity investments, or business combinations. As a result, we may have significant goodwill from such transactions and other intangible assets which are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable or the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, as we did in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our amortizable or other intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in future cash flows, fluctuations in market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or slower than anticipated adoption of our products by our customers. As we continue to review for factors that may affect our business which may not be in our control, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets or equity investments is determined, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial position, or results of operations. 
 Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations, could adversely affect our effective tax rates and negatively affect our business and financial condition. 
 We are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes, as well as taxes in various international jurisdictions. As a result, our effective tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various jurisdictions where we operate. In preparing our financial statements, we estimate the amount of tax to accrue in each tax jurisdiction. Nevertheless, our effective tax rate may be different than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including from the passage of new tax laws, changes in the mix of our profitability from state to state and from country to country, the amount of payments from the company s U.S. entities to related foreign entities, the results of examinations and audits of our tax filings, our inability to secure or sustain acceptable agreements with tax authorities and changes in accounting for income taxes. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in tax rates, tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws, by changes in the amount of pre-tax income derived from countries with high statutory income tax rates, or by changes in our deferred tax assets and liabilities, including changes in our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. Our effective income tax rate could be unfavorably affected by changes in the amount of sales to customers in countries with high withholding tax rates. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations and may result in tax obligations in excess of amounts accrued in our financial statements. 
 22 

Further, U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign tax jurisdictions may examine our income tax returns, including income tax returns of acquired companies and acquired tax attributes included therein. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. In making such assessments, we exercise judgment in estimating our provision for income taxes. While we believe our estimates are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the final determination from these examinations will not be materially different from that reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Any adverse outcome from these examinations may have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 For tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA eliminates the option to currently deduct research and development expenses and instead requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five years for research activities performed in the United States and 15 years for research activities performed outside the United States pursuant to IRC Section 174. Although Congress is considering legislation that would repeal or defer this capitalization and amortization requirement, it is not certain that this provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. The new requirement adversely impacts our cash tax liability for 2022, although the negative cash impact is expected to decline annually over the amortization period. 
 
 Our ability to use net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. federal and state net operating losses of approximately 2.9 million and 842.0 million. A portion of the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire, if not utilized, in 2023. Net operating losses that expire unused will be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than fifty-percent (50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three (3)-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. 
 We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed by us. 
 If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations relating to the collection of sales tax and payment of income taxes in the various states and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business, we could be exposed to unexpected costs, expenses, penalties and fees as a result of our noncompliance in which case our business could be harmed. 
 As our business grows and expands, we have started to do business in an increasing number of states nationally and in new foreign jurisdictions. By engaging in business activities in these states and foreign jurisdictions, we become subject to their various laws and regulations, including possible requirements to collect sales tax from our sales within those states and foreign jurisdictions and the payment of income taxes on revenue generated from activities in those states and foreign jurisdictions. 
 The laws and regulations governing the collection of sales tax and payment of income taxes are numerous, complex, and vary among states and foreign jurisdictions. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations requiring the collection of sales tax and payment of income taxes in one or more states and foreign jurisdictions where we do business, we could be subject to significant costs, expenses, penalties and fees in which case our business would be harmed. 
 Our subsidiaries have in the past recorded, and may in the future record, significant valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, and the recording and release of such allowances may have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. In making such assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. New facts and circumstances, historic profits or losses, and future financial results may require us to reevaluate our valuation allowance positions which could potentially affect our effective tax rate. 
 23 

We continue to monitor the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets, including those for which a valuation allowance is recorded. There can be no assurance that we will generate profits in future periods enabling us to fully realize our deferred tax assets. We have applied a valuation allowance on certain state, and foreign deferred tax assets to the extent they are not realizable by utilizing deferred tax liabilities as sources of income. The timing of recording a valuation allowance or the reversal of such valuation allowance is subject to objective factors that cannot be readily predicted in advance. Both the establishment of a valuation allowance and the reversal of a previously recorded valuation allowance may have a material impact on our financial results. 
 The investment of our cash, cash equivalents and investments in marketable debt and equity securities is subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments. 
 At December 31, 2022, we held approximately 114.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and we do not have any short-term investments. Short-term investments typically include various financial securities such as corporate bonds and notes, municipal bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes and bills, and money market funds. Although we invest in high quality securities, ongoing financial events have at times adversely impacted the general credit, liquidity, market and interest rates for these and other types of debt securities. Recent financial market volatility resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic heightens the risk of a potential loss in the value of our investments. Changes in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve, government fiscal policies, and global economic and market conditions may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio. We may in the future have a need to sell investments before their maturity dates, which could result in losses on the sale of those investments. The financial market and monetary risks associated with our investment portfolio have had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters 
 New governmental regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, including legislative initiatives, or judicial or regulatory decisions regarding IP rights or the internet could cause uncertainties and result in harm to our business. 
 Our business relies in part on the uniform and historically consistent application of U.S. patent laws, rules, and regulations. The standards that courts use to interpret patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and may evolve, particularly as new technologies develop. For example, the Supreme Court of the United States has modified some legal standards applied by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in the examination of U.S. patent applications, which may decrease the likelihood that we will be able to obtain patents and may increase the likelihood of challenges to patents we obtain or license. For example, our patents continue to face challenges in the U.S. from Inter Partes Review proceeding before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board. Historically these types of proceedings have a high rate of invalidation of patents, and patents we have asserted in litigation have been and may continue to be invalidated in such proceedings. Additionally, there have been and may be bills introduced in the U.S. Congress relating to patent law that could adversely impact our business depending on the scope of any bills that may ultimately be enacted into law. Some of these changes or potential changes may not be advantageous for us and may make it more difficult to obtain adequate patent protection, or to enforce our patents against parties using them without a license or payment of royalties. These changes or potential changes could increase the costs and uncertainties surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement of our patent rights. In addition, potential changes in the law, such as with respect to patent exhaustion and permissible licensing practices, could have a negative effect on our ability to license our patents and, therefore, on the royalties we can collect. We may be required to reevaluate and modify our licensing practices and strategies in response to such changes and, given the nature of our business, any resulting modifications could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Many laws and regulations are pending and may be adopted by the U.S. federal government, individual states and local jurisdictions and other countries with respect to the internet. These laws may relate to many areas that impact our business, including IP rights, privacy and taxation. These types of regulations are likely to differ between countries and other political and geographic divisions. Changes to these laws, or the interpretation thereof, could increase our costs, expose us to increased litigation risk, substantial defense costs and other liabilities or require us or our customers to change business practices. It is difficult to anticipate the impact of current or future laws and regulations on our business. We may have significant expenses associated with staying apprised of and in compliance with local, state, federal, and international legislation and regulation of our business and in presenting the Company s positions on proposed laws and regulations. 
 24 

Further deterioration of trade relations between the United States and China, other trade conflicts and barriers, economic sanctions, and national security protection policies could limit or prevent existing or potential customers from doing business with us. 
 The increased trade conflicts between the United States and its major trading partners in recent years, evidenced by trade restrictions such as tariffs, taxes, export controls, economic sanctions, and enhanced policies designed to protect national security, have had and may continue to have adverse impact on our revenue if such policies continue. In particular, our business has been impacted due to the increase in trade conflicts between the United States and China. Further United States government actions to protect domestic economic and security interests could lead to further restrictions. Moreover, growing trade conflicts and uncertainties may lead to decreased use of foreign-owned technologies in China and other countries, due to efforts by foreign governments and enterprises to find alternative sources of supply, to develop proprietary domestic technologies, and otherwise to reduce reliance on foreign technology sources. Any such trends could have a material adverse impact on our revenue. In addition, any failure by us to comply with these complex restrictions, or other restrictions that may be imposed in the future, in the United States or internationally, could subject us to fines and penalties, require changes to our business practices and result in reputational harm. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our financial and operating results may vary, which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in the future. Because our operating results are difficult to predict, one should not rely on quarterly or annual comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate during any period or that could adversely affect our ability to achieve our strategic objectives include those listed in this Risk Factors section of this report and the following: 
 the consequences of the separation transaction; 

the timing of, and compliance with the terms and conditions for, payment by third parties to us of fees (including royalties) under IP license agreements; 

fluctuations in our royalties caused by the pricing terms of certain of our IP license agreements; 

the amount of our revenue; 

changes in the level of our operating expenses; 

the substantial research and development expenses that we have incurred and will continue to incur in connection with the development of new IP, as well as the uncertainty that such new technologies will generate material revenue for the Company; 

our ability to protect or enforce our IP rights or the terms of our agreements; 

legal proceedings affecting our patents, patent applications or IP license agreements; 

the timing of the introduction of new technologies that replace technologies covered by our IP; 

the timing of establishing new IP license agreements and expiration of existing IP license agreements; 

changes in generally accepted accounting principles including new accounting standards which may materially affect our revenue recognition and the comparability between revenue recognition and cash flow from customer royalties; 

cyclical fluctuations in semiconductor and consumer electronics markets generally; 

supply chain constraints, and attendant effects, including but not limited to increased costs or shipping delays that may impact our customers; 

adverse labor market conditions, and any impacts on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

inflation and/or changes in central bank interest rate policies; 

expenses related to and the financial impact of possible acquisitions of other businesses and the integration of such businesses; 

25 

expenses related to and the financial impact of the disposition of assets, including post-closing indemnification obligations; and 

adverse changes in the level of economic activity in the U.S. or other major economies in which we do business as a result of the threat of terrorism, military actions taken by the U.S. or its allies, civil unrest, pandemics, natural disasters or generally weak and uncertain economic and industry conditions. 

Due to fluctuations in our operating results, reports from market and security analysts, litigation-related developments, and other factors including general market conditions, the price at which our common stock will trade is likely to continue to be highly volatile. In future periods, if our revenue, royalties, cash flows or operating results are below the estimates or expectations of public market analysts and investors, our stock price could decline. 
 We may not pay dividends or pay dividends at a consistent rate, and any decrease in or suspension of the dividend could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We anticipate that all dividends and stock repurchases will be paid out of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to the final determination by our Board of Directors based on a number of factors, including our earnings, financial condition, actual and forecasted cash flows, capital resources and capital requirements, alternative uses of capital including business combinations, economic condition and other factors considered relevant by management and the Board of Directors. Since July 2020, the Board has declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.05 per share. Any decrease in the amount of the dividend, or suspension or discontinuance of payment of a dividend, could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our stock repurchase program could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, and the program may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 In June 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to 150 million of our outstanding shares of common stock dependent on market conditions, share price, and other factors. In April 2021 our Board of Directors authorized an additional 100.0 million of stock repurchases under this program. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount available for repurchase under the plan was 77.8 million. The amount of repurchases under our stock repurchase program will vary depending on various factors. The timing of repurchases is at our discretion and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Any suspension or discontinuation could cause the market price of our stock to decline. The timing of repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. There can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we effected repurchases. Furthermore, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, or other activity that could result in us reducing or discontinuing share repurchases for a period of time. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law might delay or prevent a change of control transaction and depress the market price of our stock. 
 Various provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws might have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of our company. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Certain of these provisions eliminate cumulative voting in the election of directors, authorize the board to issue blank check preferred stock, prohibit stockholder action by written consent, eliminate the right of stockholders to call special meetings, and establish advance notice procedures for director nominations by stockholders and the submission of other proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings. We are also subject to provisions of Delaware law that could delay or make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. In particular, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years unless specific conditions are met. Any of these provisions could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, including without limitation, discouraging a proxy contest or making more difficult the acquisition of a substantial block of our common stock. 
 26 

Decreased effectiveness of stock-based compensation could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees. 
 We have historically used stock options, restricted stock grants and other forms of stock-based compensation as key components of employee compensation in order to align employees interests with the interests of our stockholders, encourage employee retention and provide competitive compensation and benefit packages. We incur significant compensation costs associated with our stock-based compensation programs. Failure to obtain stockholder approval of equity compensation plans or changes to the plans could make it harder or more expensive for us to grant stock-based compensation to employees in the future. As a result, we may find it difficult to attract, retain and motivate employees, and any such difficulty could have a materially adverse impact on our business. 
 Use of our common stock for future acquisitions may be limited. 
 Our ability to use common stock for future acquisitions without triggering an ownership change for the purposes of Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code will likely be limited for three (3) years following the Mergers. To the extent that we are unable to use our common stock to make future acquisitions, our ability to grow through acquisitions may be limited by the extent to which we are able to raise capital through debt, equity financings or operational growth. 
 Reliance on internally generated cash or debt to complete acquisitions could substantially limit our operational and financial flexibility. If we are unable to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms, we may be required to reduce the scope of any expansion or redirect resources committed to internal purposes. Inability to use our common stock in acquisitions may hinder our ability to actively make future acquisitions and recruit talent through acquisitions and restricts the flexibility in which we can make acquisition bids. 
 Stock transfer restrictions in our certificate of incorporation may act as an anti-takeover device. 
 Our certificate of incorporation includes certain transfer restrictions intended to preserve certain of our tax attributes. Such transfer restrictions will apply to future transfers made by 4.91 stockholders, transferees related to a 4.91 stockholder, transferees acting in coordination with a 4.91 stockholder, or transfers that would result in a stockholder becoming a 4.91 stockholder in order to avoid potential limitation of such tax attributes pursuant to Section 382 of the Code. Such transfer restrictions will expire on the earlier of (i) the repeal of Section 382 or any successor statute if our board of directors determines that such restrictions are no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of certain tax benefits, (ii) the beginning of a taxable year to which our board of directors determines that no tax benefits may be carried forward, (iii) the third anniversary of the Mergers, or (iv) such other date as our board of directors shall fix in accordance with the certificate of incorporation. 
 The transfer restrictions described above could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from acquiring, a large block of our common stock. This may adversely affect the marketability of our common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring our stock or additional shares of our stock. It is also possible that the transfer restrictions could delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors and could make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us, or impede an attempt to acquire a significant or controlling interest in us, even if such events might be beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 Our certificate of incorporation contains forum limitations for certain disputes between us and our stockholders that could limit the ability of stockholders to bring claims against us and our directors, officers and employees in jurisdictions preferred by stockholders. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative lawsuit brought on our stockholders, (ii) any lawsuit against our current or former directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents asserting a breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any such current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent to us or our stockholders, (iii) any lawsuit asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, our charter or our bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any lawsuit asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former director, officer, employee, stockholder or agent governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The foregoing forum provisions may prevent or limit a stockholder s ability to file a lawsuit in a judicial forum that it prefers for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, stockholders or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits, make them more difficult or expensive to pursue, and result in outcomes that are less favorable to such stockholders than outcomes that may have been attainable in other jurisdictions. 
 27 

In addition, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing forum provisions in the certificate of incorporation, courts may find the foregoing forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in certain cases that the foregoing forum provisions purport to address, including claims brought under the Securities Act. If this were to occur in any particular lawsuit, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such lawsuit in other jurisdictions or resolving lawsuits involving similar claims in multiple jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 We lease our 62,000 square foot corporate headquarters, which houses our administrative, sales, marketing and research and development facilities, in San Jose, California. We also lease another office building with approximately 5,336 square feet in Burbank, California to house additional administrative, sales, and marketing personnel. Further, we also lease another facility in the Morrisville, North Carolina with approximately 2,737 square feet. We believe that our existing space is adequate for our current operations and that suitable replacement and additional space, to the extent needed, will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings. In the past, we have litigated to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights IP ), to enforce the terms of license agreements, to protect trade secrets and to defend ourselves against claims of invalidity. We expect to continue to be involved in similar legal proceedings in the future, including proceedings regarding infringement of our patents and proceedings to ensure proper and full payment of royalties by licensees under the terms of our license agreements. 
 We cannot predict the outcome of any of the proceedings described below, other than to the extent such proceedings have concluded. An adverse decision in any of these proceedings could significantly harm our business and our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Patent Infringement Litigation 
 In the ordinary course of our IP licensing business, we are required to engage in litigation to protect our IP from infringement. While litigation is never our preference, and we prefer to reach mutually agreeable commercial licensing arrangements with third parties, it is sometimes a necessary step to effectively protect our investment in our IP. As a result of these lawsuits, defendants have often filed Inter Partes Review IPR petitions with the U.S. Patent Office s Patent Trial and Appeal Board (and other similar post-grant proceedings outside of the U.S.) seeking to invalidate one or more of our patents. We are currently engaged in multiple lawsuits with several third parties. 
 Videotron Patent Infringement Litigation 
 On June 23, 2017, Adeia Guides Inc. (formerly known as Rovi Guides, Inc.) and Adeia Media Solutions Inc. (formerly known as TiVo Solutions Inc.) (together, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Videotron Ltd. and Videotron G.P. (together, Videotron in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of six patents Videotron 1 ). On June 10, 2022, the Federal Court of Canada issued its decision in the case finding in favor of Videotron and its legacy illico platform. Specifically, the Court found invalid each of the asserted claims related to the four remaining patents involved in the case. In Canada, the prevailing party in patent litigation is entitled to reimbursement of certain of its costs and expenses. Accordingly, we paid 2.5 million for expense reimbursement in the fourth quarter of 2022. On September 12, 2022, Adeia Media filed a notice of appeal with the Federal Court of Appeal of Canada appealing the decision of the Federal Court of Canada. On January 30, 2023, Adeia Media filed its opening memorandum of fact and law. Videotron's memorandum of fact and law is due April 17, 2023. 
 28 

On May 21, 2021, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Videotron in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of four patents Videotron 2 ). On July 21, 2021, the Federal Court of Canada held a case management conference in Videotron 2, shortly before which Videotron filed a motion to strike various portions of the statement of claim. On March 22, 2022, the Court issued an order on Videotron s motion to strike, dismissing the motion in its entirety. On April 1, 2022, Videotron filed an appeal of the Court s order dismissing Videotron s motion to strike. On June 30, 2022, the Court of Appeal issued its decision in Videotron's appeal in which it ruled in Adeia Media's favor and dismissed Videotron's appeal. Discovery in the case began in August 2022. The Court has not set the trial date. 
 Bell and Telus Patent Infringement Litigation 
 On January 19, 2018, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Bell Canada (and four of its affiliates) (collectively, Bell in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of six patents Bell 1 ). On February 2, 2018, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Telus Corporation (and two of its affiliates) (collectively, Telus in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of the same six patents Telus 1 ). Bell 1and Telus 1 were heard together for purposes of pre-trial and trial proceedings. On October 7, 2022, the Federal Court of Canada issued its confidential decision in the two cases finding in favor of Bell and Telus and their respective IPTV services, Bell Fibe TV and Telus Optik TV. Specifically, the Court found invalid each of the asserted claims of the four remaining patents involved in the case. In Canada, the prevailing party in patent litigation is entitled to reimbursement of certain of its costs and expenses. Accordingly, we accrued 2.6 million for expense reimbursement in the third quarter of 2022. On November 7, 2022, Adeia Media filed a notice of appeal with the Federal Court of Appeal of Canada appealing the decision of the Federal Court of Canada. 
 On July 27, 2021, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Bell Canada and four of its affiliates, Telefonaktiebolaget L M Ericsson, Ericsson Canada Inc., and MK Systems USA Inc. and MK Mediatech Canada Inc. (collectively, Defendants in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of four patents Bell 2 ). The Defendants filed a motion to strike various portions of the statement of claim in Bell 2. On March 22, 2022, the Court issued an order on Defendants motion to strike, dismissing-in-part and granting-in-part. On April 1, 2022, the Defendants filed a Notice of Motion to Appeal the Court s order on Defendants motion to strike. On June 30, 2022, the Court of Appeal issued its decision in Defendants' appeal in which it ruled in Adeia Media's favor and dismissed Defendants' appeal. On September 30, 2022, Defendants filed a motion for bifurcation, asking the Federal Court of Canada to bifurcate the case into two phases: a first phase related to liability and injunction and second phase addressing damages if liability is found. The Court held a hearing on the motion for bifurcation on December 12, 2022. On February 15, 2023, the Court issued an order granting the motion for bifurcation in which the Court bifurcated the liability and injunction phase from the damages quantification phase of the case. Discovery in the case began in November 2022. The Court has yet to set the trial date. 
 NVIDIA Patent Infringement Litigation 
 On May 8, 2019, Adeia Semiconductor Technologies LLC (formerly known as Invensas Corporation) and Adeia Semiconductor Advanced Technologies, Inc. (formerly known as Tessera Advanced Technologies, Inc.) (together, Adeia Semiconductor filed a complaint against NVIDIA Corporation NVIDIA in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging infringement of five patents, and requesting, among other things, that NVIDIA be ordered to pay compensatory damages in an amount no less than a reasonable royalty. NVIDIA answered the complaint on July 1, 2019, and subsequently moved to transfer the case to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The Court denied NVIDIA s motion to transfer on September 17, 2019. 
 In September 2020, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB instituted IPRs of several patents-in-suit. The parties stipulated to an order staying the litigation pending resolution of the IPR proceedings and to dismissal of claims relating to two patents. As a result, there are three patents-in-suit remaining. One patent has no IPRs pending against it and two patents are subject to IPRs. On June 9, 2021, the PTAB held oral arguments in the IPRs. On September 1, 2021, the PTAB issued final written decisions in the IPRs in which it found all challenged claims of the two patents invalid. On November 1, 2021, Adeia Semiconductor filed appeals of each of the IPR decisions with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Adeia Semiconductor filed its opening brief on March 14, 2022. On June 8, 2022, NVIDIA filed its response brief. On July 22, 2022, Adeia Semiconductor filed its reply brief. The date for oral argument has been set for March 7, 2023. The district court litigation will remain stayed pending the outcome of the IPR appeals. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On June 2, 2020, Xperi Holding Corporation s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol XPER . Following the separation of Xperi Holding Corporation s Product businesses, and effective at the open of business on October 3, 2022, Adeia Inc.'s shares of common stock began trading on Nasdaq under the new ticker symbol ADEA . 
 
 As of February 7, 2023, there were 105,230,113 outstanding shares of common stock held by 369 stockholders of record. In addition, a substantially greater number of stockholders may be street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 
 We have historically returned capital to shareholders through cash dividends and stock repurchases. We anticipate that all quarterly dividends and stock repurchases will be paid out of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 
 On June 12, 2020, our Board of Directors terminated a prior stock repurchase program and approved a new stock repurchase plan (the Plan providing for the repurchase of up to 150.0 million of our common stock dependent on market conditions, share price and other factors. No expiration has been specified for this Plan. On April 22, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 100.0 million of purchases under the Plan. The stock repurchases may be made from time to time, through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. There is no guarantee that such repurchases under the program will enhance the value of our stock. Repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2022 were made under this program as described below: 

Total number of shares purchased 

Average price paid per share 

Total number of shares purchased as part of our share repurchase program 

Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under our share repurchase program 

(in thousands, except share price) 

March 2022 

1,029 

16.78 

1,029 

77,772 

30 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison of total stockholder return for holders of our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500 from June 2, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The graph and table assume that 100 was invested on June 2, 2020 in each of our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500, and that all dividends were reinvested. The Company's performance through September 30, 2022 has been adjusted to reflect the impact of the separation of the Company's product business, which occurred on October 1, 2022 and is reflected in the table below as a special dividend. This graphic comparison is presented pursuant to Item 201 of Regulation S-K. 

6/2/2020 

6/30/2020 

9/30/2020 

12/31/2020 

3/31/2021 

6/30/2021 

9/30/2021 

12/31/2021 

3/31/2022 

6/30/2022 

9/30/2022 

12/31/2022 

Adeia Inc. 

100.00 

109.25 

85.05 

154.70 

165.28 

164.62 

139.45 

139.97 

128.20 

106.81 

104.66 

123.65 

Nasdaq Composite 

100.00 

104.69 

116.23 

134.14 

137.87 

150.95 

150.37 

162.83 

148.00 

114.78 

110.07 

108.93 

Russell 2000 Index 

100.00 

101.63 

106.31 

139.25 

156.57 

162.92 

155.43 

158.32 

145.97 

120.43 

117.38 

124.19 

S P 500 

100.00 

100.63 

109.16 

121.92 

128.96 

139.49 

139.82 

154.70 

147.05 

122.87 

116.39 

124.63 

This section is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 
 Item 6. (Rese rved 
 
 31 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022, 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons of 2022 against 2021 and of 2021 against 2020. Except otherwise indicated, the year-to-year comparisons and results of operations discussed herein present the results of Adeia Inc. after giving effect to the Separation described herein. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A above. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 On December 18, 2019, Xperi Corporation Xperi entered into a definitive agreement with TiVo Corporation TiVo ), to combine in an all-stock merger of equals transaction (the Mergers ). Following consummation of the Mergers on June 1, 2020, Xperi Holding Corporation became the parent company of both Xperi and TiVo. 
 On October 1, 2022, Adeia Inc. (formerly known as Xperi Holding Corporation) Adeia , we completed the previously announced separation the Separation of its product business into an independent, publicly-traded company, Xperi Inc. Xperi Inc. ). The Separation was structured as a spin-off, which was achieved through Adeia's distribution of 100 percent of the outstanding shares of Xperi Inc.'s common stock to holders of Adeia's common stock as of the close of business on the record date of September 21, 2022 (the Record Date ). Each Adeia stockholder of record received four shares of Xperi Inc. common stock for every ten shares of Adeia common stock that it held on the Record Date. Following the Separation, Adeia retains no ownership interest in Xperi Inc., which is now listed under the ticker symbol XPER on the New York Stock Exchange. Effective at the open of business on October 3, 2022, Adeia's shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the new ticker symbol ADEA . 
 Following the Separation, we are a leading intellectual property IP licensing platform in the consumer and entertainment space, with a diverse portfolio of media and semiconductor intellectual property and more than 9,750 patents and patent applications worldwide. In order to serve an increasingly connected world, we invent, develop, and license fundamental innovations that enhance billions of devices and shape the way millions of people explore and experience entertainment. Through our IP licensing business, we help enable extraordinary experiences at home and on the go for millions of consumers around the world, with IP that helps elevate content and improves how audiences connect with it in a way that is more intelligent, immersive and personal. Through providing the IP that helps to power smart devices, entertainment experiences and more, we have created a unified ecosystem that reaches highly-engaged consumers and uncovered new business opportunities. 
 
 Headquartered in Silicon Valley and more than 35 years of operating experience, we have approximately 120 employees, with substantially all of our employees located in the U.S. 
 
 COVID-19 Impact and Resultant Macroeconomic Conditions 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business. The impact to date has included periods of significant volatility in the markets we serve, in particular the broad consumer electronics market. The pandemic has also caused challenges and delays in acquiring new customers and executing license renewals. These factors have negatively impacted our financial condition and results of operations, which may result in an impairment of our long-lived assets, including goodwill, and increased credit losses. 
 Further, our operations and those of our customers have also been negatively impacted by certain trends arising out of the COVID-19 pandemic, including labor market constraints, shortages of semiconductor components, decreased manufacturing capacities, and delays in shipments, product development and product launches. Moreover, since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, United States federal, state and foreign government policies enacted to combat the pandemic have contributed to a recent rise of inflation that has increased, and may continue to increase, the cost of our operations and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on demand for our customers' products and services and in turn our licensing revenues, which has and may continue to adversely affect our financial performance. 
 32 

Although a significant portion of our revenue is derived from fixed-fee and minimum-guarantee arrangements from large, well-capitalized customers, our per-unit and variable-fee based revenue will continue to be susceptible to the volatility, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, microchip shortages, and potential market downturns precipitated by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The impact of the pandemic on our overall results of operations remains uncertain for the foreseeable future. Further discussion of COVID-19's potential impact on our business is provided under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 
 Key Developments 
 The accounting requirements for reporting the Separation of Xperi Inc. as a discontinued operation were met when the Separation was completed on October 1, 2022. Accordingly, the financial results of Xperi Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented as net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unless noted otherwise, the discussion of our results of operations pertain to continuing operations. 
 Additionally, the operating results from continuing operations for all periods presented and those prior to the Separation, include certain general corporate overhead costs that do not meet the requirements to be presented in discontinued operations, although such costs are not reflective of our on-going operations. Such general corporate overhead costs include labor and non-labor costs related to our corporate support functions (e.g., administration, human resources, finance, accounting, tax, information technology, corporate development and legal, among others) that historically provided support to Xperi Inc. prior to the Separation. In addition, discontinued operations excludes the historical intercompany balances and transactions between the Company and Xperi Inc. that were eliminated in consolidation. 
 In connection with the Separation, we incurred separation costs of 42.3 million from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022. Separation costs primarily consist of third-party advisory, consulting, legal and professional service, IT and employee bonus costs directly related to the Separation, as well as other items that are incremental and one-time in nature. Out of these costs, 28.6 million are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as discontinued operations for all periods presented. The remaining separation costs of 13.7 million were incurred after the Separation and are reflected in continuing operations within operating expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Reportable Segments 
 
 Upon completion of the Separation, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we changed our organizational structure to operate and report in one segment: IP Licensing. We believe that this structure reflects our current operational and financial management following the completion of the Separation and provides the best structure for us to focus on growth opportunities. Our Chief Executive Officer has been determined to be the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM in consideration with the authoritative guidance on segment reporting. 
 
 We primarily license our innovations to leading companies in the broader entertainment and semiconductor industries, and those companies developing new technologies that will help drive these industries forward. Licensing arrangements include access to one or more of our foundational patent portfolios and may also include access to some portions of our industry-leading technologies and know-how. 
 Key Metrics 
 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, we primarily focus on revenue and cash flows from operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Revenue increased by 47.7 million, or 12 , from 391.2 million to 439.0 million. The increase was due to the recognition of license revenue associated with an IP license agreement with a large semiconductor company, the execution of a long-term license agreement with a leading consumer electronics and OTT service provider, the renewal of long-term license agreements with two leading social media companies and the renewal of a long-term license agreement with a leading consumer electronics company. Such increases were partially offset by the delay in renewals of media related IP licenses that expired in 2022 and were not renewed until early 2023, as well as non-recurring revenue recognized in 2021 related to certain media IP licensing agreements. 

Cash provided by operating activities decreased by 51.8 million, or 22 , from 234.8 million to 182.8 million. The decrease was primarily due to increased, unbilled contract receivables, which resulted from multi-year license agreements executed during the year. 

33 

Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive the majority of our revenue from the licensing of our intellectual property IP rights to customers. For our revenue recognition policy, including descriptions of revenue-generating activities, refer to Note 4 Revenue of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The following table presents our historical operating results for the periods indicated as a percentage of revenue: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

100 

100 

100 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

10 

10 

7 

Selling, general and administrative 

31 

33 

27 

Amortization expense 

22 

25 

11 

Litigation expense 

2 

1 

3 

Total operating expenses 

65 

69 

48 

Operating income from continuing operations 

35 

31 

52 

Interest expense 

(10) 

(10) 

(7) 

Other income and expense, net 

1 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

(2) 

(2) 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

25 

19 

44 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

(7) 

1 

(3) 

Net income from continuing operations 

32 

18 

47 

The following table sets forth our revenue by year (in thousands, except for percentages): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Change 

Decrease 

Change 

Revenue 

438,933 

391,212 

515,919 

47,721 

12 

(124,707) 

(24) 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The increase in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to the recognition of license revenue associated with an IP license agreement with a large semiconductor company, the execution of a long-term license agreement with a leading consumer electronics and OTT service provider, the renewal of long-term license agreements with two leading social media companies and the renewal of a long-term license agreement with a leading consumer electronics company. Such increases were partially offset by the delay in renewals of media related IP licenses that expired in 2022 and were not renewed until early 2023, as well as non-recurring revenue recognized in 2021 related to certain media IP licensing agreements. 
 34 

2021 compared to 2020 
 
 The decrease in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to past royalty revenue from a patent license agreement with a pay-TV provider recorded in the fourth quarter of 2020, and secondarily due to a decrease in revenue from a patent license agreement with a semiconductor company, partially offset by the inclusion of a full year of post-merger IP licensing revenue from TiVo in 2021. 
 Research and Development 
 
 Research and development expense R D expense consists primarily of employee-related costs, stock-based compensation expense, engineering consulting expenses associated with new IP development, as well as costs related to patent applications and examinations, reverse engineering, materials, supplies and an allocation of facilities costs. All R D expense is expensed as incurred. We believe that a significant level of R D expense will be required for us to remain competitive in the future. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Change 

Increase 

Change 

Research and development 

44,579 

39,608 

35,080 

4,971 

13 

4,528 

13 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The increase in R D expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by higher employee-related costs due to increased headcount. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 The increase in R D expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of post-merger TiVo IP Licensing expenses. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Selling, general and administrative SGA expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for sales and marketing personnel engaged in sales and licensee support, marketing programs, public relations, promotional materials, travel, trade show expenses, compensation and related costs for general management, information technology, finance personnel, corporate legal fees and expenses, facilities costs, stock-based compensation expense and professional services. Our SGA expenses, other than facilities-related expenses, are not allocated to other expense line items. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Change 

Decrease 

Change 

Selling, general and administrative 

135,630 

129,214 

136,800 

6,416 

5 

(7,586) 

(6) 

35 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The increase in SGA expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to increased stock-based compensation associated with the accelerated vesting of outstanding restricted stock awards upon the separation of a former executive in the first quarter of 2022, an increase in variable compensation, and the incurrence of certain separation related costs upon the consummation of the Separation in the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase was partially offset by decreases in the provision for credit losses and in facilities and other related expenses. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 The decrease in SGA expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to decreases in merger-related transaction costs, severance and retention costs, provision for credit losses and personnel-related costs resulting from cost synergies implemented in 2021. The overall decrease was partially offset by the inclusion of a full year of post-merger TiVo SG A expenses. 
 Amortization Expense 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Decrease 

Change 

Increase 

Change 

Amortization expense 

97,077 

98,090 

58,617 

(1,013) 

(1) 

39,473 

67 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The decrease in amortization expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to certain intangible assets acquired in prior years, which became fully amortized during the year. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 The increase in amortization expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with the Mergers in June 2020. 
 Litigation Expense 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Change 

Decrease 

Change 

Litigation expense 

8,587 

5,272 

17,967 

3,315 

63 

(12,695) 

(71) 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The increase in litigation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to a 2.5 million reserve related to the Videotron matter and a 2.6 million reserve related to the Bell and Telus matter. See Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information regarding these matters. Such increases were partially offset by reduced case activity. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 The decrease in litigation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to the resolution of prior litigation and reduced case activity. 
 We expect that litigation expense will continue to be a significant portion of our operating expenses, as it is used to enforce and protect our IP and contract rights. Litigation expense may fluctuate between periods because of planned or ongoing litigation, as described in Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 
 36 

Interest Expense 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Change 

Increase 

Change 

Interest expense 

(45,335) 

(38,973) 

(37,873) 

(6,362) 

16 

(1,100) 

3 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The increase in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to increased interest rates on our variable interest rate debt due to the rising interest rate environment. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 The increase in interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to higher average debt balance in 2021 as we entered into a new term loan of 1,050 million on June 1, 2020 to refinance our indebtedness, partially offset by a reduction in interest rate as a result of the debt refinancing described below. 
 We anticipate interest expense will increase in 2023, when compared to 2022, as a result of the effect of rising interest rates on our existing variable-rate debt, partially offset by a full year of a lower debt balance and amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. 
 
 Other Income and Expense, Net 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Increase 

Change 

Decrease 

Change 

Other income and expense, net 

2,047 

768 

3,212 

1,279 

167 

(2,444) 

(76) 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The increase in other income and expense, net during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to an increase in interest income from significant financing components from revenue contracts executed during the year, partially offset by a decrease in realized loss on marketable investments. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 
 The decrease in other income and expense, net during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to a decrease in interest income from significant financing components from revenue contracts and a decrease in interest income from our short-term investments. 
 
 Discontinued Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

366,730 

486,484 

376,101 

Operating expenses 

784,950 

591,700 

465,928 

Operating loss 

(418,220) 

(105,216) 

(89,827) 

Interest expense 

(754) 

Other income and expense, net 

62 

1,870 

1,242 

Loss before taxes 

(418,912) 

(103,346) 

(88,585) 

Provision for income taxes 

18,066 

23,550 

7,425 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

(436,978) 

(126,896) 

(96,010) 

Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(2,706) 

(3,456) 

(2,966) 

Net loss attributable to discontinued operations 

(434,272) 

(123,440) 

(93,044) 

37 

As the Separation occurred on October 1, 2022, the current period net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax includes 9 months of Xperi Inc.'s operations compared to a full year in 2021 and 2020. The decrease in revenue of 119.8 million or 25 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by a decrease in revenue from the pay-TV and connected car market verticals partially offset by increased revenue from the settlement of a contract dispute with a large mobile imagining customer and increased revenue from the consumer electronics market vertical. The increase in revenue of 110.4 million or 29 during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by the inclusion of a full year of post-merger of TiVo's revenue attributable to our former product segment, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from the consumer electronics market vertical due to supply chain constraints that impacted shipment volumes in 2021. 
 
 The increase in operating expenses of 193.3 million or 33 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by a goodwill impairment charge of 354.0 million, an increase in R D costs primarily due to employees hired in connection with business combinations, an increase in separation and related costs, and an increase in variable compensation. The increases were partially offset by decreases in amortization expense due to certain acquired intangible assets reaching the end of their useful lives during 2022 and a decrease in litigation expense due to reduced case activity. The increase in operating expenses of 125.8 million or 27 during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily driven by the inclusion of a full year of post-merger of TiVo's operating expenses attributable to our former product segment and increases in compensation costs due to business combinations, partially offset by a decrease in personnel-related costs resulting from cost synergies implemented subsequent to certain business combinations. 
 
 The increase in operating loss of 313.0 million or 297 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to the decrease in revenue and the increase in operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as described above. The increase in operating loss of 15.4 million or 17 during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to the rate of the increase in operating expenses outpacing the increase in revenue for the period in each case as described above. The discontinued operations provision for income taxes in 2022 was 18.1 million compared to 23.6 million in 2021, a decrease of 5.5 million or 23 . The discontinued operations provision for income taxes in 2021 was 23.6 million compared to 7.4 million in 2020, an increase of 16.1 million or 217 . The current year provision includes tax charges related to the Separation. 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Decrease 

Change 

Decrease 

Change 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

(8,012) 

(8,300) 

8,012 

(100) 

288 

(3) 

In June 2021, we refinanced the 2020 Term B Loan Facility by, among other things, lowering the interest rate on the debt. Certain lenders of the original loan syndication did not participate in the refinancing. Accordingly, we accounted for the refinancing event for these lenders as a debt extinguishment and recorded, a loss on debt extinguishment of 8.0 million related to the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs for the portions of the 2020 Term B Loan Facility considered to be extinguished. There were no such costs and expenses in 2022. We did not recognize any loss or gain on extinguishment of debt in 2022. 
 
 Provision for (benefit from) Income Taxes 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Decrease 

Change 

Increase 

Change 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

(28,620) 

4,828 

(15,312) 

(33,448) 

(693) 

20,140 

(132) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded an income tax benefit of 28.6 million on a pretax income from continuing operations of 109.8 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of (26.1) . The income tax benefit of 28.6 million was primarily related to the release of certain valuation allowances of 78.7 million, partially offset by tax on current year income, foreign withholding taxes and, unrealized foreign exchange loss from prior year South Korea refund claims. The negative tax rate is the result of a tax benefit recorded against pre-tax income. 
 38 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an income tax provision of 4.8 million on a pretax income from continuing operations of 72.8 million, which resulted in an effective tax rate of 6.6 . The income tax expense was primarily related to foreign withholding taxes, unrealized foreign exchange loss from prior year South Korea refund claims and state income taxes, partially offset by releases of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 The decrease in income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, was attributable to the release of valuation allowance. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, we filed a refund claim for foreign taxes previously withheld from licensees in South Korea based on court rulings in South Korea and other business factors. These previously withheld foreign taxes were claimed as a foreign tax credit in the U.S. As a result of the filed and planned refund claims, we recorded a total of 113.7 million and 118.1 million as a noncurrent income tax receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, 63.6 million and 63.1 million as a noncurrent income tax payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 42.2 million and 39.9 million as a reduction in deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Although the refund claim is subject to judicial review, we anticipate we will receive refunds in the amount recorded in the receivable. 
 The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such an assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. After considering both positive and negative evidence to assess the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets, we determined that the positive evidence outweighed the negative evidence primarily due to cumulative income from our IP Licensing business on a continuing operations basis and the expectation of sustained profitability in future periods, and concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that we would realize our federal and certain state deferred tax assets. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2022, we released the valuation allowance on all the federal deferred tax assets and state deferred tax assets, except for California and certain other states where tax attributes can only be utilized against the income of specific legal entities. The release of the valuation allowance resulted in 86.1 million of tax benefit. We will maintain a full valuation allowance on our foreign deferred tax asset as the expectation of future taxable income is uncertain. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table presents selected financial information related to our liquidity and significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The cash flows below are presented on a consolidated basis and therefore, also include 120.7 million and 85.6 million of cash and cash equivalents included in current assets of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

December 31, 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash and cash equivalents 

114,555 

201,121 

170,188 

Short-term investments 

- 

60,534 

86,947 

Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

114,555 

261,655 

257,135 

Percentage of total assets 

9 

11 

10 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash from operating activities 

183,023 

234,789 

427,603 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(2,913) 

(6,206) 

17,840 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(263,257) 

(196,245) 

(351,136) 

Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are our operating cash flows and our short-term investments. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were 114.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 147.1 million from 261.7 million at December 31, 2021. This decrease resulted primarily from 183.0 million in net cash decrease resulting from the Separation, 40.5 million in repayment of long-term debt, 33.2 million in repurchases of common stock, 20.9 million in dividends paid, and 12.6 million of capital expenditures, partially offset by 183.0 million of cash generated from operations and 14.3 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock grant programs and employee stock purchase plans. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 114.6 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 86.6 million from 201.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 39 

The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and to maintain liquidity, while at the same time capturing a market rate of return. To achieve these objectives, we maintain a diversified portfolio of securities including money market funds and debt securities such as corporate bonds and notes, municipal bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes and bills and certificates of deposit. Our marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale AFS with credit losses recognized as a credit loss expense and non-credit related unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. We did not hold such investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We expect to continue to make additional payments on our existing debt from cash generated from operations. Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 
 Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding long-term debt in an aggregate principal amount of 749.3 million, with a minimum of 114.0 million payable within 12 months, including a 73.5 million payment based on the consolidated excess cash flow clause within the debt agreement. The excess cash flow payment has been classified as current portion of long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Future interest payments associated with the debt, based on current interest rates, total 265.3 million, with 55.6 million payable within 12 months. The interest payments may vary with changes in interest rates, as well as due to accelerated payments of the principal amount. Refer to Note 12 Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on debt obligations and maturities. 
 
 Leases 
 
 We have lease arrangements for office and research facilities, data centers and office equipment. As of December 31, 2022, fixed lease payment obligations amounted to 7.5 million, with 2.4 million payable within 12 months. Refer to Note 8 Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on lease obligations and maturities. 
 
 Guarantee 
 
 Prior to the Separation, we and a subsidiary of Xperi Inc. Xperi Sub entered into an agreement (the Specified Agreement with a third party pursuant to which we guarantee the performance of Xperi Sub under the Specified Agreement, including its payment obligations to such third party. In connection with the Separation, we and Xperi Sub entered into a separate cross business agreement (the Cross Business Agreement effective as of October 1, 2022 under which we agreed to make guarantee payments to Xperi Sub in amounts based on certain of its operating expenses and other minimum performance obligations under the Specified Agreement through 2031. Consequently, on October 1, 2022, we recognized a guarantee liability of 19.7 million which represents the fair value of our projected payments of such operating expenses during the term of the Cross Business Agreement. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the guarantee are recognized as part of our results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the guarantee liability is 20.5 million, including a current portion of 2.4 million. The maximum potential amount of future payments subject to guarantee is approximately 7.5 million per annum between 2023 and 2031. 
 
 Other Purchase Obligations 
 
 Our other purchase obligations primarily consist of non-cancelable obligations related to advertising, engineering services and internet and telecommunications services. As of December 31, 2022, we had purchase obligations of 0.7 million, including 0.4 million due in 2023 and 0.3 million due in 2024. These purchase obligations represent commitments under enforceable and legally binding agreements and do not represent the entire anticipated purchases in the future. Refer to Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail. 
 
 40 

Income Tax Payable 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued 87.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits in long-term income taxes payable related to uncertain tax positions, which includes an immaterial amount of accrued interest and penalties. At this time, we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the long-term payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time. If we are successful in receiving our South Korean withholding tax refunds of 113.7 million, including interest and foreign exchange gain, then 63.6 million of unrecognized tax benefit would be payable to the U.S. tax authorities. 
 
 In addition to the cash requirements outlined above, we have returned cash to stockholders through both quarterly dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase plan. 
 
 Quarterly Dividends 
 
 In 2022 and 2021, we paid quarterly dividends of 0.05 per share in each of the March, June, September and December quarterly periods. Our capacity to pay dividends in the future depends on many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, capital structure, industry practice and other business conditions that the Board of Directors considers relevant. We anticipate that all quarterly dividends will be paid out of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 
 On June 12, 2020, our Board of Directors terminated a prior stock repurchase program and approved a new stock repurchase plan (the Plan ), which provides for the repurchase of up to 150.0 million of our common stock dependent on market conditions, share price and other factors. No expiration has been specified for this Plan. On April 22, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized an additional 100.0 million of purchases under the Plan. The stock repurchases may be made from time to time, through solicited or unsolicited transactions in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. Since the inception of the Plan, and through December 31, 2022, we have repurchased an aggregate of approximately 10.0 million shares of common stock at a total cost of 172.2 million at an average price of 17.24. As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining amount available for repurchase under the Plan was 77.8 million. 
 
 We may continue to execute authorized repurchases from time to time under the Plan. The amount and timing of any repurchases under the Plan depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the trading price, volume and availability of our common shares. There is no guarantee that such repurchases under the Plan will enhance the value of our common stock. 
 
 While we expect to continue to generate cash flows from operating activities in 2023, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present uncertainties as to the level of such cash flows as compared to prior years. Additionally, transaction costs relating to the Separation are expected to impact operating cash flows for at least the next three months. We have taken actions to manage cash flows by reducing discretionary spending and other variable costs, and closely monitoring receivables and payables. 
 
 We believe that based on current levels of operations and anticipated growth, our cash from operations, together with cash and cash equivalents currently available, will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Poor financial results, unanticipated expenses, unanticipated acquisitions of technologies or businesses, or unanticipated strategic investments could give rise to additional financing requirements sooner than we expect. There can be no assurance that equity or debt financing will be available when needed or, if available, that such financing will be on terms satisfactory to us. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased debt service obligations and may include covenants that would restrict our operations. 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Our cash flows are presented on a consolidated basis and therefore, also include 120.7 million and 85.6 million of cash and cash equivalents presented in current assets of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operations were 183.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to our net loss of 298.6 million being adjusted for non-cash items of depreciation of 17.1 million, amortization of intangible assets of 143.2 million, stock-based compensation expense of 52.6 million, and an impairment charge of 354.0 million recognized in the third quarter of 2022 and included as part of discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 41 

Cash flows provided by operations were 234.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to our net loss of 58.9 million being adjusted for non-cash items of depreciation of 23.8 million, amortization of intangible assets of 203.4 million, stock-based compensation expense of 58.2 million, and a loss on debt extinguishment of 8.0 million. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to purchases of short-term investments of 4.5 million, and capital expenditures of 12.6 million, partially offset by maturities and sales of securities of 64.8 million. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily related to purchases of short-term investments of 67.3 million, cash used in the MobiTV Acquisition of 17.4 million and capital expenditures of 14.0 million, partially offset by maturities and sales of securities of 92.7 million. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures for property and equipment consist primarily of purchases of computer hardware and software, information systems, and production and test equipment. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we spent 12.6 million and 14.0 million on capital expenditures, respectively, and we expect capital expenditures in 2023 to be approximately 5.0 million. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. There can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized, and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 263.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 principally due to 40.5 million in repayment of indebtedness, 20.9 million in dividends paid, 33.2 million in repurchases of common stock, and 183.0 net cash impact of the Separation, partially offset by 14.3 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock grant programs and employee stock purchase plans. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 196.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 principally due to 84.0 million in repayment of indebtedness, 4.3 million in net debt refinancing costs, 21.0 million in dividends paid, and 100.8 million in repurchases of common stock, partially offset by 13.8 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock grant programs and employee stock purchase plans. 
 Long-term Debt 
 On June 8, 2021, we amended (the Amendment that certain Credit Agreement dated June 1, 2020 by and among us, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (the 2020 Credit Agreement ). The 2020 Credit Agreement initially provided for a five-year senior secured term B loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of 1,050 million (the 2020 Term B Loan Facility ). In connection with the Amendment, we made a voluntary prepayment of 50.6 million of the term loan outstanding under the 2020 Credit Agreement using cash on hand. The Amendment provided for, among other things, (i) a new tranche of term loans (the Refinanced Term B Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 810.0 million, (ii) a reduction of the interest rate margin applicable to such loans to (x) in the case of base rate loans, 2.50 per annum and (y) in the case of Eurodollar loans, LIBOR plus a margin of 3.50 per annum, (iii) a prepayment premium of 1.00 in connection with any repricing transaction with respect to the Refinanced Term B Loans within six months of the closing date of the Amendment, (iv) an extension of the maturity to June 8, 2028, and (v) certain additional amendments, including amendments to provide us with additional flexibility under the covenant governing restricted payments. We commenced repaying quarterly installments under the Refinanced Term B Loans in the third quarter of 2021. 
 42 

At December 31, 2022, 749.3 million was outstanding under the Refinanced Term B Loans with an interest rate, including amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of 19.9 million. Interest is payable monthly. Under the existing loan agreements, we have future minimum principal payments for our debt of 40.5 million in each year from 2023 through 2026, with the remaining principal balance of 546.8 million due in 2028. After the Separation, we own the debt under the Refinanced B Term Loans. Additionally, we are obligated to pay 73.5 million by April 2023, based on certain leverage ratios and our excess cash flow generated for the year ended December 31, 2022. We are obligated to continue to pay a portion of excess cash flows on an annual basis. The Refinanced Term B Loans contain customary covenants, and as of December 31, 2022, we were in full compliance with such covenants. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements. These financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. We evaluate our estimates based on our historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates relate to revenue recognition, the assessment of recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets, business combinations, recognition and measurement of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the assessment of unrecognized tax benefits and others. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and material effects on our operating results and financial position may result. 
 We believe the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 - Revenue of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of our accounting policies. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 We derive the majority of our revenue from the licensing of our intellectual property IP rights to customers. Generally, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of the IP rights to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those IP rights. The primary judgments include identifying the performance obligations in the contract, estimating variable consideration, estimating quarterly royalties prior to receiving the royalty reports from the licensee, determining standalone selling price and allocating consideration in a contract with multiple performance obligations. 
 
 We generally recognize royalty revenue from per-unit or per-subscriber licenses based on units shipped or manufactured or number of subscribers. Revenue is recognized in the period in which the customer s sales or usage are estimated to have occurred. This may result in an adjustment to revenue when actual sales or usage are subsequently reported by the customer, generally in the month or quarter following sales or usage. Estimating a customer s quarterly royalties prior to receiving the royalty reports requires us to make significant assumptions and judgments related to forecasted trends and growth rates used to estimate sales or usage, which could have a material impact on the amount of revenue we report on a quarterly basis. 
 
 At times, we enter into long-term license contracts, which may include releases from past patent infringement claims or one or more prospective licenses. In these contracts, we allocate the transaction price between releases for past patent infringement claims and prospective licenses based on their relative standalone selling prices, which requires significant management judgment. In determining the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, we consider such factors as the number of past and projected future subscribers, units shipped, and units manufactured, as well as the per-subscriber or per-unit licensing rates we generally receive from licensees of comparable sizes in comparable markets and geographies. As a release from past patent infringement claims is generally satisfied at execution of the contract, the transaction price allocated to the release from past patent infringement claims is generally recognized in the period the contract is executed. Transaction price allocated to prospective Media IP licenses is recognized ratably over the license term, and transaction price allocated to prospective Semiconductor IP licenses is recognized upon execution of the contract. 
 
 43 

Valuation of goodwill and intangible assets 
 
 We make judgments about the recoverability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. If such facts and circumstances exist, we assess recoverability by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization and amortize the remaining carrying value over the new shorter useful life. Such changes could result in impairment charges or higher amortization expense in future periods, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We perform an annual review of the valuation of goodwill in the fourth quarter, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events for impairment reviews may be indicators such as adverse industry or economic trends, restructuring actions, lower projections of profitability, or a sustained decline in our market capitalization. Evaluations of possible impairment and, if applicable, adjustments to carrying values require us to estimate, among other factors, future cash flows, useful lives, and fair market values of our assets. When we conduct our evaluation of goodwill, the fair value of goodwill is assessed using valuation techniques that require significant management estimates and judgment. Should conditions be different from management s last assessment, significant impairments of goodwill may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 In performing the quantitative impairment test for goodwill, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying amount. We utilize the market capitalization approach to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. Under the market capitalization approach, the fair value of a reporting unit is estimated based on the trading price of our stock as of the test date, or trading prices over a short period of time immediately prior or subsequent to the test date if such prices more reasonably represent the estimated fair value as of the test date, which is further adjusted by a control premium representing the synergies a market participant would achieve when obtaining control of the business. 
 Accounting for income taxes 
 
 We must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments are used in the calculation of tax credits, tax benefits and deductions and in the calculation of tax assets and liabilities. Significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period. 
 
 We must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely on a more-likely-than-not basis, we must increase our provision for income taxes by recording a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. We considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our provision for income taxes would fluctuate in the period of the change. 
 
 We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with authoritative guidance related to income taxes. The calculation of our unrecognized tax benefits involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. As such, we are required to make many subjective assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. We record unrecognized tax benefits for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional tax liabilities are more-likely-than-not, assuming the tax authorities have full knowledge of all relevant information. If we ultimately determine that the tax liabilities are unnecessary, we reverse the liabilities and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which it occurs. This may occur for a variety of reasons, such as the expiration of the statute of limitations on a particular tax return or the completion of an examination by the relevant tax authority. We record an additional charge in our provision for taxes in the period in which we determine that the recorded unrecognized tax benefits are less than the expected ultimate settlement. 
 
 Our policy is to classify accrued interest and penalties related to the accrued liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not recognize any significant interest or penalties. For the years ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 0.2 million of interest and penalties, and for the year ended 2020, we did not recognize any significant penalties or interest related to unrecognized tax benefits. See Note 16 - Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail. 
 
 44 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and maintain liquidity, while at the same time capturing a market rate of return. To achieve these objectives, we maintain our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents and investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to risks including: 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 749.3 million of outstanding indebtedness that was subject to floating interest rates. Changes in economic conditions outside of our control could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and reducing the funds available for capital investment, operations or other purposes. At December 31, 2022, a 1 increase in the effective interest rate on our outstanding debt throughout a one-year period would result in an annual increase in our interest expense of approximately 7.3 million. Any significant increase in our interest expense could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows and also our ability to pay dividends in the future. If the U.S. Federal Reserve raises its benchmark interest rate, any increases would likely impact the borrowing rate on our outstanding indebtedness, and increase our interest expense, comparably. 
 
 Investment Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk as it relates to changes in the market value of our investments in addition to the liquidity and credit-worthiness of the underlying issuers of our investments. Our investments are subject to fluctuations in fair value due to the volatility of the credit markets and prevailing interest rates for such securities. Our marketable debt securities, consisting primarily of municipal bonds and notes, corporate bonds and notes, commercial paper, treasury and agency notes and bills and certificates of deposit, are classified as available-for-sale securities. We did not hold investments classified as available-for-sale securities as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of our investments classified as available-for-sale securities was 60.5 million. Unrealized losses, net of tax, on these investments were not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We did not hold any derivatives, derivative commodity instruments or other similar financial instruments in our portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Bank Liquidity Risk 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 114.6 million of cash in operating accounts that are held with both domestic and international financial institutions, the majority of which is held with domestic financial institutions. These cash balances could be lost or become inaccessible if the underlying financial institutions fail or if they are unable to meet the liquidity requirements of their depositors and they are not supported by the government of the jurisdiction where such cash is held. We have not incurred any losses and have had full access to our operating accounts to date. We believe any failures of domestic and international financial institutions could impact our ability to fund our operations in the short term. 
 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 Our international business is subject to risks, including, but not limited to, differing economic conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other regulations and restrictions and foreign exchange rate volatility when compared to the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, our future results could be materially impacted by changes in these or other factors. 
 We are also affected by exchange rate fluctuations as the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars in consolidation. As exchange rates vary, these results, when translated, may vary from expectations and could adversely or positively impact overall profitability. During 2022, the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to translation of our foreign subsidiaries financial statements was immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 
 Our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 are set forth in this Annual Report at Item 15(a)(1). 
 45 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Ite m 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K are certifications of Adeia Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. This Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications and should be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Adeia Inc. maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information relating to Adeia Inc., including our consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Commission s rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to Adeia Inc. s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Adeia Inc. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Adeia Inc. s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Adeia Inc.; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of Adeia Inc. are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Adeia Inc.; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of Adeia Inc. s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Adeia Inc. s management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, utilizing the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the assessment by Adeia Inc. s management, we determined that Adeia Inc. s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of Adeia Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 46 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of internal control will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of the controls must be considered relative to their costs. While our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of their effectiveness, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, will be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure R egarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 47 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Executive Officers, Election of Directors, Board and Committees of the Board; Director Independence and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports that will be contained in the Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). 
 
 We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons serving similar functions. The text of our code of business conduct and ethics has been posted on our website at http://www.adeia.com. 
 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Election of Directors, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation of Named Executive Officers and Report of the Compensation Committee that will be contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management that will be contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Election of Directors that will be contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm that will be contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 48 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fi nancial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 

Page Number 

(1) Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (loss) 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 8 

(2) Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 48 

(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index preceding the signature page to this Annual Report are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 
 49 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Adeia Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Adeia Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 F- 1 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Allocation of Transaction Price to Performance Obligations 
 As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, at times, the Company enters into long-term license contracts with more than one performance obligation, which may include releases from past patent infringement claims or one or more prospective licenses. In these arrangements, management allocates the transaction price between releases for past patent infringement claims and prospective licenses based on their relative standalone selling prices, which requires significant management judgment. The Company recorded total revenue of 439 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which a significant portion relates to arrangements with multiple performance obligations. In determining the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, management considers such factors as the number of past and projected future subscribers, units shipped, and units manufactured, as well as the per-subscriber or per-unit licensing rates the Company generally receives from licensees of comparable sizes in comparable markets and geographies. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition allocation of transaction price to performance obligations is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the standalone selling price for performance obligations and allocating the transaction price on a relative standalone selling price basis to those performance obligations and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s determination of the standalone selling price and the allocation of transaction price to performance obligations. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the licensing revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of the standalone selling price and the allocation of transaction price to performance obligations. These procedures also included, among others, for a sample of contracts, (i) reading the executed contract to understand the terms and conditions, (ii) evaluating management s identification of the performance obligations, (iii) evaluating and testing the reasonableness of the factors used in management s determination of standalone selling price, and (iv) testing management s determination of the transaction price and the allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations based on the relative standalone selling price. Testing the determination of the standalone selling price involved testing the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized by management. 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 F- 2 

ADEIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Amortization expense 

Litigation expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income from continuing operations 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other income and expense, net 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

() 

() 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

() 

Net income from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest in discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

Income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Diluted 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of shares used in per share calculations-basic 

Weighted average number of shares used in per share calculations-diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

ADEIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

ADEIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except for par value) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale debt securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 

Unbilled contracts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

Total current assets 

Long-term unbilled contracts receivable 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Long-term income tax receivable 

Other long-term assets 

Long-term assets of discontinued operations 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued legal fees 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Deferred revenue 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, less current portion 

Long-term deferred tax liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Long-term income tax payable 

Other long-term liabilities 

Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Company stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock: par value; authorized (2022: shares; 2021: shares) and shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock: par value; (2022: authorized shares, issued shares, outstanding shares; 2021: authorized shares, issued shares, outstanding shares) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock at cost (2022: shares; 2021: shares) 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

() 

Total Company stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

() 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

ADEIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Goodwill impairment 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred income tax 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Patent assets received in lieu of cash 

() 

Other 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Unbilled contracts receivable, net 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued and other liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

Net cash from operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Net cash received (paid) for mergers and acquisitions 

() 

() 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales of short-term investments 

Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 

Purchases of intangible assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash from investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of debt 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of assumed debt from merger transaction 

() 

Proceeds from debt, net 

Debt refinancing costs 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Distribution of Xperi Inc. 

() 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase program and exercise of stock options 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash from financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds 

Debt acquired in a business acquisition 

Stock issued in merger transaction 

Cash flows above are presented on a consolidated basis and therefore also include million and million of cash and cash equivalents included in current assets of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Refer to Note 9 - Discontinued Operations for additional information related to cash flows from discontinued operations. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

ADEIA INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Total Company Stockholders' Equity 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Retained Earnings 

Noncontrolling 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-In Capital 

Shares 

Amount 

Income (Loss) 

(Accumulated Deficit) 

Interest 

Total Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of subsidiary shares to noncontrolling interest 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of shares canceled 

Withholding taxes related to net share settlement of restricted awards 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock issued in merger transaction 

Retirement of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of subsidiary shares to noncontrolling interest 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of shares canceled 

Withholding taxes related to net share settlement of restricted awards 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of subsidiary shares to noncontrolling interest 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Distribution of Xperi Inc. 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock in connection with exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of restricted stock, net of shares canceled 

Withholding taxes related to net share settlement of restricted awards 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 
 F- 7 

ADEIA INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 patents and patent applications worldwide. On December 18, 2019, Xperi Corporation Xperi entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization with TiVo Corporation TiVo to combine in an all-stock merger of equals transaction (the Mergers ). Immediately following the consummation of the Mergers on (the Merger Date ), Xperi Holding Corporation, a Delaware corporation founded in December 2019 under the name XRAY-TWOLF HoldCo Corporation, became the parent company of both Xperi and TiVo. The common stock of Xperi and TiVo were de-registered after completion of the Mergers. On June 2, 2020, Xperi Holding Corporation s common stock, par value per share, commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol XPER. On October 1, 2022, the Company completed the previously announced separation the Separation of its product business into a separate, independent, publicly-traded company, Xperi Inc. Xperi Inc. ). The Separation was structured as a spin-off (the Spin-off ), which was achieved through the Company's distribution of percent of the outstanding shares of Xperi Inc.'s common stock to holders of the Company's common stock as of the close of business on the record date of September 21, 2022 (the Record Date ). Each Company stockholder of record received shares of Xperi Inc. common stock for every shares of Company common stock that it held on the Record Date. Following the Separation, the Company retains ownership in Xperi Inc., which is now listed under the ticker symbol XPER on the New York Stock Exchange. Effective at the open of business on October 3, 2022, the Company's shares of common stock, par value per share, began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the new ticker symbol ADEA . The accounting requirements for reporting the Separation of Xperi Inc. as a discontinued operation were met when the Separation was completed. Accordingly, the financial results of Xperi Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented as net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and its assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 are reclassified as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For further information on discontinued operations, see Note 9 - Discontinued Operations . Unless noted otherwise, discussion in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements pertain to continuing operations. Additionally, as a result of the Separation, the Company changed its operational structure in the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in one reportable segment: Intellectual Property IP Licensing. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States U.S. and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The Company's fiscal year ends on December 31. The Company employs a calendar month-end reporting period for its quarterly reporting. 

F- 8 

to . The Company makes judgments about the recoverability of intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may exist. If such facts and circumstances exist, the Company assesses the recoverability by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, the Company would accelerate the rate of amortization and amortize the remaining carrying value over the new shorter useful life. For further discussion of goodwill and identified intangible assets, see Note 11 Goodwill and Identified Intangible Assets . 

it will be able to recover its deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely on a more-likely-than-not basis, the Company must increase its provision for income taxes by recording a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets that it estimates will not ultimately be recoverable. However, should there be a change in the Company s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, the provision for income taxes would fluctuate in the period of such change. See Note 16 Income Taxes for additional detail. 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and were not material for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

to years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 Lesser of related lease term or years 

Building and improvements 
 
 Up to years 

Expenditures that materially increase asset life are capitalized, while ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

. The did t have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendments in ASU 2020-04 apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which provides further clarification on the scope of Topic 848 so that derivatives affected by the discounting transition are explicitly eligible for certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic 848. ASU 2020-04 became effective upon issuance and may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made on or before December 31, 2022. ASU 2021-01 became effective upon issuance and may be applied on a full retrospective basis as of any date from the beginning of an interim period that includes or is subsequent to March 12, 2020 or prospectively for contract modifications made on or before December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 ASU 2022-06 ), which deferred the application dates of Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. The Company currently has debt agreements that reference LIBOR and will apply the amendments prospectively through December 31, 2024 as these contracts are modified to reference other rates. The Company does not anticipate the adoption will have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

Some of the Company s contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, the individual performance obligations are separately accounted for if they are distinct. In a contract with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated among the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. The determination of standalone selling price considers market conditions, the size and scope of the contract, customer and geographic information, and other factors. When observable prices are not available, standalone selling price for separate performance obligations is based on the adjusted market assessment approach to estimate the price that a customer in the relevant market would be willing to pay for licensing the Company s IP rights. The allocation of transaction price among performance obligations in a contract may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during a given period. When a contract with a customer includes variable consideration, an estimate of the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to for transferring the promised IP rights or services is made at contract inception and in each subsequent reporting period until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The amount of variable consideration is estimated by considering all available information (historical, current, and forecast) and is updated as additional information becomes available. The estimate of variable consideration is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Subsequent changes in the transaction price resulting from changes in the estimate of variable consideration are allocated to the performance obligations in the contract on the same basis as at contract inception. When variable consideration is in the form of a sales-based or usage-based royalty in exchange for a license of IP, revenue is recognized at the later of when the subsequent sale or usage occurs or the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based or usage-based royalty has been allocated has been satisfied or partially satisfied. Description of Revenue-Generating Activities IP License Arrangements The Company licenses (i) its media patent portfolios Media IP licensing to multichannel video programming distributors, over-the-top video service providers, consumer electronics manufacturers, social media, and other new media companies and (ii) its semiconductor technologies and associated patent portfolios Semiconductor IP licensing to memory, logic, sensors, radio frequency RF component, and foundry companies. The Company generally licenses its IP portfolios under models: (i) fixed-fee Media IP licensing, (ii) fixed-fee or minimum guarantee Semiconductor IP licensing, and (iii) per-unit or per-subscriber Media IP or Semiconductor IP royalty licensing. Fixed-fee Media IP licensing The Company's long-term fixed-fee Media IP licensing contracts provide its customers with rights to future patented technologies over the term of the contract that are highly interdependent or highly interrelated to the patented technologies provided at the inception of the contract. The Company treats these rights as a single performance obligation with revenue recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the fixed-fee license contract. Fixed-fee or minimum guarantee Semiconductor IP licensing The Company enters into Semiconductor IP licenses that have a fixed fee or a minimum guarantee, whereby licensees pay a fixed fee for the right to incorporate the Company s IP technologies in the licensee s products over the license term. In contracts with a minimum guarantee, the fixed fee component corresponds to a minimum number of units or dollars that the customer must produce or pay, with additional per-unit fees for any units or dollars exceeding the minimum. The Company generally recognizes the full fixed fee as revenue at the beginning of the license term when the customer has the right to use the IP and begins to benefit from the license, net of the effect of any significant financing components calculated using customer-specific, risk-adjusted lending rates, with the related interest income being recognized over time on an effective rate basis. For minimum guarantee contracts where the customer exceeds the minimum, the Company recognizes revenue relating to any additional per-unit fees in the periods it believes the customer has exceeded the minimum and adjusts the revenue based on actual usage once that is reported by the customer. Per-unit or per-subscriber Media IP or Semiconductor IP royalty licensing The Company recognizes revenue from per-unit or per-subscriber IP royalty licenses in the period in which the licensee's sales or production are estimated to have occurred, which results in an adjustment to revenue when actual sales or production are subsequently reported by the licensee, which is generally in the month or quarter following usage or shipment. Estimating customers monthly or quarterly royalties prior to receiving the royalty reports requires the Company to make significant assumptions and judgments related to forecasted trends and growth rates used to estimate quantities shipped or manufactured by customers, which could have a material impact on the amount of revenue it reports on a quarterly basis. IP license contracts with multiple performance obligations At times, the Company enters into long-term license contracts with more than one performance obligation, which may include releases from past patent infringement claims or one or more prospective licenses. In these arrangements, the Company allocates the transaction price between releases for past patent infringement claims and prospective licenses based on their relative standalone selling prices, which requires significant management judgment. In determining the standalone selling price of each performance obligation, the Company considers such factors as the number of past and projected future subscribers, units shipped, and units manufactured, as well as the per-subscriber or per-unit licensing rates the Company generally receives from licensees of comparable sizes in comparable markets and geographies. As a release from past patent infringement claims is generally satisfied at execution of the contract, the transaction price allocated to the release from past patent infringement claims is generally recognized in the period the contract is executed. Transaction price allocated to prospective Media IP licenses is recognized ratably over the license term, and transaction price allocated to prospective Semiconductor IP licenses is recognized upon execution of the contract. Practical Expedients and Exemptions The Company applies a practical expedient to not perform an evaluation of whether a contract includes a significant financing component when the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of cash collection by or less. The Company applies a practical expedient to expense costs to obtain a contract with a customer as incurred as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses when the amortization period would have been or less. The Company applies a practical expedient when disclosing revenue expected to be recognized from unsatisfied performance obligations to exclude contracts with customers with an original duration of less than ; amounts attributable to variable consideration arising from (i) a sales-based or usage-based royalty of an intellectual property license or (ii) when variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation; or to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation. Revenue Details Contract Balances Contracts Assets Contract assets primarily consist of unbilled contracts receivable that are expected to be received from customers in future periods, where the revenue recognized to date exceeds the amount billed. The amount of unbilled contracts receivable may not exceed their net realizable value and are classified as long-term assets if the payments are expected to be received more than one year from the reporting date. Contract assets also include the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, principally sales commissions when the renewal commission is not commensurate with the initial commission. 

Other current assets 

Long-term unbilled contracts receivable 

Other long-term assets 

Total contract assets 

Contract Liabilities Contract liabilities are comprised of deferred revenue related to multi-period licensing arrangements for which the Company is paid in advance, while the underlying performance obligation is satisfied at a future date or over time. Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses represents the Company s best estimate of lifetime expected credit losses inherent in accounts receivable and unbilled contracts receivable. The Company s long-term unbilled contracts receivable is derived from fixed-fee or minimum-guarantee Semiconductor IP and is primarily comprised of contracts with large, well-capitalized companies. It is generally considered to be of high credit quality due to past collection history and the nature of the customers. The Company allowance for credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively and it is presented as part of accounts receivable, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional Disclosures 

Performance obligations satisfied in previous periods (1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 
 
 (1) Performance obligations satisfied in previous periods consist of settlements of litigation during the period for past royalties owed pursuant to expired or terminated IP license agreements. (2) Includes past royalty revenue from the execution of long-term license agreements with a leading consumer electronics and OTT service provider and two social media companies. The long-term license agreements were effective as of the expiration of the prior agreements. The Company recorded revenue from both the settlement and the license agreements, referred to above, in the second and fourth quarter of 2022 and expects to record revenue from the prospective license in future periods. (3) Includes past royalty revenue from the execution of multiple long-term license agreements. The Company recorded revenue from both the settlement and the license agreements during 2021 and continues to record revenue from the prospective license. (4) Includes past royalty revenue from the execution of a license agreement with a pay-TV provider. On November 9, 2020, the Company entered into a patent license agreement, which was effective as of the expiration of the customer's prior agreement in 2016 and its term expires in 2031. In connection with the agreement, the Company recorded revenue from past royalties in the fourth quarter of 2020 and expects to record revenue from the prospective license into 2031. 
 Remaining revenue under contracts with performance obligations represents the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) under certain of the Company s fixed fee arrangements. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 17 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid expenses 

Other 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Other assets 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued income taxes 

Current portion of guarantee 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other 

Refer to Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies for further detail on the nature of the guarantee. 

Other 

Refer to Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies for further detail on the nature of the guarantee. 

() 

Total debt securities 

() 

Money market funds 

Total equity securities 

Total marketable securities 

() 

Reported in: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

December 31, 2021 

Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

Estimated Fair Values 

Marketable securities 

Corporate bonds and notes 

() 

Commercial paper 

() 

Total debt securities 

() 

Money market funds 

Total equity securities 

Total marketable securities 

() 

Reported in: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale debt securities 

Total marketable securities 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. A significant portion of these amounts were held in marketable securities, as shown above. The remaining balance of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, was cash held in operating accounts not included in the tables above. Debt Securities The gross realized gains and losses on sales of marketable debt securities were immaterial during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Unrealized losses on AFS d ebt securities were immaterial as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company evaluated whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors and concluded these amounts were related to temporary fluctuations in value of AFS securities and were due primarily to changes in interest rates and market conditions of the underlying securities. In addition, the contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. The Company does not intend to sell the debt securities and it is more-likely-than-not that it will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases. The Company did t recognize a provision for credit loss expense related to its AFS debt securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. impairment charges were recorded on the AFS debt securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Less Than 12 Months 

12 Months or More 

Total 

Fair Value 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

AFS Debt Securities 

Corporate bonds and notes 

() 

() 

() 

- 

Commercial paper 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

F- 20 

Commercial paper - debt securities (2) 

Total Assets 

(1) Reported as cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 (2) Reported as cash and cash equivalents as these were purchased with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. 

 The following sets forth the fair value, and classification within the hierarchy, of the Company s assets required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Assets 

Marketable securities 

Money market funds - equity securities (1) 

Corporate bonds and notes - debt securities (2) 

Commercial paper - debt securities (3) 

Total Assets 

(1) Reported as cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 (2) Reported as AFS debt securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 (3) Reported as cash and cash equivalents if purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase; otherwise reported as AFS debt securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value The Company s long-term debt is carried at amortized cost and is measured at fair value on a quarterly basis for disclosure purposes. 

Total long-term debt, net 

(1) Carrying amounts of long-term debt are net of unamortized debt discount and issuance c osts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 12 Debt for additional information. 

If reported at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company s debt would be classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the debt was estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues. Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements For purchase accounting related fair value measurements, see Note 10 - Business Combinations For impairment related fair value measurements, see Note 11 - Goodwill And Identified Intangible Assets 

 The Company leases office and research facilities, and office equipment under operating leases which expire through 2027. , some of which may include the leases for or longer, and some of which may include options to terminate the leases within the next 5 years or less. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets ; expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and are not included within the lease liability and right-of-use assets calculation. As a practical expedient, the Company elected, for all office and facility leases, not to separate nonlease components (e.g., common-area maintenance costs) from lease components (e.g., fixed payments including rent) and instead to account for each separate lease component and its associated non-lease components as a single lease component. As most of the leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company generally, for purposes of discounting lease payments, uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. 

Variable lease cost 

Total operating lease cost 

(1) Includes short-term leases costs, which were immaterial. 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years): 

Operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

F 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities: 

Less: current obligations under leases (accrued liabilities) 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

(1) Future minimum lease payments exclude short-term leases as well as payments to landlords for variable common area maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes. 

percent of the outstanding shares of Xperi Inc.'s common stock to holders of the Company's common stock as of the close of business on the record date of September 21, 2022 (the Record Date ). Each Company stockholder of record received shares of Xperi Inc. common stock for every shares of Company common stock that it held on the Record Date. Following the Separation, the Company retains no ownership in Xperi Inc. The accounting requirements for reporting the Separation of Xperi Inc. as a discontinued operation were met when the Separation was completed. Accordingly, the historical financial results of Xperi Inc. have been presented as discontinued operations and, as such, have been excluded from continuing operations and results of operations from all periods presented. Prior to the Separation, the Company reported the results of operations of Xperi Inc. as part of its Product segment. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company changed its organizational structure, resulting in reportable segment: IP Licensing. For additional information relating to the Company's segment and geographic information, refer to Note 18 - Segment and Geographic Information . The Company's presentation of discontinued operations excludes general corporate overhead costs, which were historically allocated to Xperi Inc., that do not meet the requirements to be presented in discontinued operations, although such costs are not reflective of the on-going operations of the Company. Such allocations included labor and non-labor costs related to the Company s corporate support functions (e.g., administration, human resources, finance, accounting, tax, information technology, corporate development, legal, among others) that historically provided support to Xperi Inc. prior to the Separation. In addition, discontinued operations excludes the historical intercompany balances and transactions between the Company and Xperi Inc. that were eliminated in consolidation. In connection with the Separation, the Company incurred separation costs of million from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022. Separation costs primarily consist of third-party advisory, consulting, legal and professional service, IT and employee bonus costs directly related to the Separation, as well as other items that are incremental and one-time in nature. Out of these costs, million, million and million were incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2022 and the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 respectively, and are included in net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. The remaining separation costs of million were incurred after the Separation during the fourth quarter of 2022 and are reflected in continuing operations within operating expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company and Xperi Inc. entered into various agreements to effect the Separation and provide a framework for their on-going relationship, including a separation and distribution agreement, transition services agreement, employee matters agreement, tax matters agreement, cross business license agreement and data sharing agreement. The transition services agreement consists of services that Xperi Inc. and its subsidiaries will provide to the Company and its subsidiaries for a transitional period, as defined in the agreement. The services to be provided include back office functions and assistance with regard to administrative tasks relating to day-to-day activities as needed, including finance, accounting and tax activities, IT services, customer support, facilities services, human resources, and general corporate support, as well as pass-through services provided by certain vendors. The impact of these transition services on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 was not material. Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Litigation expense 

Goodwill impairment 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

Other income and expense, net 

Loss before taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 
 
 (1) Assets and Liabilities of Discontinued Operations The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations (in thousands): 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 

Unbilled contracts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets of discontinued operations 

Long-term unbilled contracts receivable 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets of discontinued operations 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued legal fees 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Deferred revenue, less current portion 

Long-term deferred tax liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities of discontinued operations 

The total net impact to stockholders' equity as a result of the Separation was a reduction of million, which has been reflected as a reduction of million, million and million to additional paid-in capital, accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) and noncontrolling interest, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Equity as of December 31, 2022. Transactions of Discontinued Operations The following transactions have been included as part of discontinued operations for all the periods presented. Business Combinations The Company completed certain acquisitions that were accounted for as business combinations, using the acquisition method. The assets and liabilities and results of operations following the business combinations were attributed to the Company's former Product business; therefore, the assets and liabilities are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the year ended December 31, 2021 as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations. The results of operations are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods as net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. MobiTV On May 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities of MobiTV, Inc. MobiTV ), a provider of application-based Pay-TV video delivery solutions (the MobiTV Acquisition ). The net purchase price for the MobiTV Acquisition was million. Purchase Price Allocation The MobiTV Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, using the acquisition method. The following table presents the allocation of the purchase price to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the fair values at the acquisition date, with any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired recorded to goodwill, all of which is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Identifiable intangible assets: 

Patents 

Technology 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other long-term assets 

Accrued liabilities 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

Total purchase price 

The results of operations and cash flows relating to the business acquired pursuant to the MobiTV Acquisition were included in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for periods subsequent to May 31, 2021, and the related assets and liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of May 31, 2021. Certain assets and liabilities acquired in the business combination were attributed to the Company's IP Licensing segment. Supplemental Pro Forma Information The following unaudited pro forma financial information assumes the MobiTV Acquisition was completed as of January 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is based on estimates and assumptions that have been made solely for purposes of developing such pro forma information. This is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the MobiTV Acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2020, nor is it necessarily indicative of future results. Consequently, actual results could differ materially from the unaudited pro forma financial information presented below.) 

The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the following pro forma adjustments: removal of certain elements of the historical MobiTV business that were not acquired, elimination of inter-company transactions between MobiTV and the Company, adjustments for transaction related costs and adjustments to reflect the impact of purchase accounting adjustments. The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above does not include any cost saving synergies from operating efficiencies. Vewd Software Holdings Limited On July 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Vewd Software Holdings Limited Vewd and the acquisition, the Vewd Acquisition ), a provider of over-the-top OTT and hybrid TV solutions. The total consideration was approximately million, consisting of approximately million of cash and million of debt. Purchase Price Allocation The Vewd Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, using the acquisition method. 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled contracts receivable 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Identifiable intangible assets: 

Technology 

Customer relationships - large 

Customer relationships - small 

Non-compete agreements 

Trade name 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other long-term assets 

Current liabilities 

() 

Long-term deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

Total purchase price 

The above purchase price allocation, including the purchase consideration, was based on valuations and assumptions, including potential changes to prepaid income taxes, current and non-current income taxes payable, deferred taxes, and other working capital adjustments. Vewd Results of Operations The results of operations and cash flows related to the Vewd Acquisition were included in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for periods subsequent to July 1, 2022, and the related assets and liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of July 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the acquired Vewd business contributed million of revenue and million of operating loss, respectively, to the Company's operating results. Transaction Costs In connection with the Vewd Acquisition, the Company incurred one-time expenses such as transaction related costs and severance and retention costs. For year ended December 31, 2022, transaction related costs including transaction bonuses, legal and consultant fees were million and severance and retention costs were million. Supplemental Pro forma Information The following unaudited pro forma financial information assumes the Vewd Acquisition was completed as of January 1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information as presented below is for information purposes only and is based on estimates and assumptions that have been made solely for purposes of developing such pro forma information. This is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the Vewd Acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2021, nor is it necessarily indicative of future results. Consequently, actual results could differ materially from the unaudited pro forma financial information presented below.) 

() 

The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the following pro forma adjustments: adjustments for transaction related costs and severance and retention costs, adjustments for amortization of intangible assets, and elimination of inter-company transactions between Vewd and the Company. The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above does not include any cost saving synergies from operating efficiencies. Goodwill and Identified Intangible Assets During the three-months ended September 30, 2022, indicators of potential impairment for the Company's former Product reporting unit were identified such that management concluded it was more-likely-than-not that goodwill was impaired and a quantitative interim goodwill impairment assessment should be performed as of September 30, 2022. Indicators of potential impairment included a sustained decline in the Company s stock price during the second half of the third quarter of 2022, reflective of rising interest rates and continued decline in macroeconomic conditions. The Company proceeded to perform a fair value analysis of the Company's former Product reporting unit using the market capitalization approach. Under this approach, management estimated the fair value of the Company's former Product reporting unit as of September 30, 2022 using quoted market prices of the common stock of Xperi Inc., which as of October 1, 2022 comprised the former Product segment of the Company, over its first ten trading days following the Separation, and a control premium representing the synergies a market participant would achieve upon obtaining control of Xperi Inc. As a result of the fair value analysis, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million in the third quarter of 2022, which was allocated to the Company's former Product segment and it is included as part of net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. The Company also assessed the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets related to the Company's former Product reporting unit and concluded that no impairment existed as of September 30, 2022, as its estimated fair values exceeded their carrying amounts. No impairment indicators were identified with respect to other long-lived assets. Net Cash Flows of Discontinued Operations In connection with the Separation, the Company distributed million of cash which is presented as part of financing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 

Net cash from investing activities 

() 

() 

(1) Represents nine months of Xperi Inc.'s operations in 2022, as compared to a full year of Xperi Inc.'s operations in 2021 and 2020. 

(the Merger Date ), Xperi Holding Corporation, under the name XRAY TWOLF HoldCo Corporation, became the parent company of both Xperi and TiVo. The common stock of Xperi and TiVo were de-registered after completion of the Mergers. On June 2, 2020, Xperi Holding Corporation s common stock, par value per share, commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol XPER. Effective at the open of business on October 3, 2022, the Company's shares of common stock, par value per share, began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the new ticker symbol ADEA . The Mergers created a leading IP licensing company. The Company s IP business includes one of the industry s largest and most successful IP portfolios licensed to a diverse base of customers. Certain assets and liabilities acquired in this business combination were attributed to the Company's former Product business segment. Purchase Price Allocation Based on an evaluation of the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations, the Company was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the Mergers. The Company applied the acquisition method of accounting that requires, among other things, that identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally be recognized on the balance sheet at fair value as of the acquisition date. In determining the fair value, the Company utilized various forms of the income, cost and market approaches depending on the asset or liability being fair valued. The estimation of fair value required significant judgment related to future net cash flows (including revenue, operating expenses, and working capital), discount rates reflecting the risk inherent in each cash flow stream, competitive trends, market comparables, and other factors. Inputs were generally determined by taking into account historical data (supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions) and growth rates. 

Accounts receivable 

Unbilled contracts receivable 

Other current assets 

Long-term unbilled contracts receivable 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Identifiable intangible assets: 

Patents 

Customer contracts and related relationships 
 
 - 

Developed technology 

Content database 

Trademarks and tradenames 
 
 N/A 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued legal fees 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

() 

Current portion of deferred revenue 

() 

Current portion of long-term debt 

() 

Deferred revenue, less current portion 

() 

Long-term deferred tax liabilities 

() 

Long-term debt 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

Total purchase price 

Transaction and Severance Costs In connection with the Mergers, the Company incurred significant expenses such as transaction-related costs (e.g. bankers fees, legal fees, consultant fees, etc.), lease impairment charges due to facilities consolidation, severance and retention costs (including stock-based compensation expense resulting from the contractually-required acceleration of equity instruments for departing executives). Total transaction related costs and lease impairment charges were million and million, respectively, in 2020. No significant transaction related costs and lease impairment charges were incurred in 2021. In addition, post-merger severance and retention costs (including related stock-based compensation expense) amounted to million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. TiVo Results of Operations TiVo s results of operations and cash flows were included in the Company s consolidated financial statements for periods subsequent to June 1, 2020, and TiVo s assets and liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 1, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, TiVo contributed million of revenue and million of operating income, respectively, to the operating results of the Company. Supplemental Pro Forma Information The following unaudited pro forma financial information assumes the companies were combined as of January 1, 2019. The unaudited pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and it was based on estimates and assumptions that were made solely for purposes of developing such pro forma information. This is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the Mergers had taken place on January 1, 2019, nor is it necessarily indicative of future results. Consequently, actual results could differ materially from the unaudited pro forma financial information presented below. 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the estimated impact of purchase accounting and other material, nonrecurring adjustments directly attributable to the Mergers such as: estimated decrease to earnings due to revenue adjustments resulting from purchase accounting, estimated impact to earnings to adjust for transaction and other related costs including facilities impairment charges, estimated impact to earnings to adjust for severance and retention costs including related stock-based compensation expense, estimated impact to earnings to reflect pay-off of historical debt and issuance of new debt financing and estimated decrease to earnings due to pro forma adjustments for income taxes. The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above does not include any cost saving synergies from operating efficiencies. 

Goodwill adjustment related to Mergers in prior periods 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Goodwill at each reporting unit is evaluated for potential impairment annually, as of the beginning of the fourth quarter, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. The process of evaluating goodwill for potential impairment is subjective and requires significant estimates, assumptions and judgments particularly related to the identification of reporting units, the assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units and estimating the fair value of each reporting unit. As part of its annual goodwill impairment test, the Company elected to proceed with a qualitative goodwill impairment test and no indicators of potential impairment were identified. Additionally, based on the qualitative evaluation, which included consideration of the carrying value of the IP Licensing reporting unit and market capitalization of the Company, goodwill impairment triggers were identified as of December 31, 2022. impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Identified Intangible Assets - 

() 

() 

Existing technology / content database 
 
 - 

() 

() 

Customer contracts and related relationships 
 
 - 

() 

() 

Trademarks/trade name 
 
 - 

() 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

Less: current portion, net of debt discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt, net of current portion 

Refinanced Term B Loans On June 8, 2021, the Company amended that certain Credit Agreement dated June 1, 2020 by and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (the 2020 Credit Agreement ). The 2020 Credit Agreement initially provided for a senior secured term B loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of million (the 2020 Term B Loan Facility ). In connection with the amendment (the Amendment ), the Company made a voluntary prepayment of million of the term loan outstanding under the 2020 Credit Agreement using cash on hand. The Amendment provided for, among other things, (i) a new tranche of term loans (the Refinanced Term B Loans in an aggregate principal amount of million, (ii) a reduction of the interest rate margin applicable to such loans to (x) in the case of base rate loans, per annum and (y) in the case of Eurodollar loans, LIBOR plus a margin of per annum, (iii) a prepayment premium of in connection with any repricing transaction with respect to the Refinanced Term B Loans within six months of the closing date of the Amendment, (iv) an extension of the maturity to , and (v) certain additional amendments, including amendments to provide the Company with additional flexibility under the covenant governing restricted payments. The Company commenced repaying quarterly installments under the Refinanced Term B Loans in the third quarter of 2021. The obligations under the 2020 Credit Agreement, inclusive of any changes by the Amendment, continue to be guaranteed by the Company s wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Guarantors and continue to be secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Guarantors. The 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended, contains customary events of default, upon the occurrence of which, after any applicable cure period, the lenders will have the ability to accelerate all outstanding loans thereunder. The 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended, also contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to create or incur certain liens, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, merge or consolidate with other companies, transfer or sell assets and make restricted payments. The Separation did not require the Company to obtain any waivers under the 2020 Credit Agreement, and the Company completed the Separation in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the 2020 Credit Agreement. The 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended, requires the Company to maintain a total net leverage ratio of no greater than 3.00x in order access an annual basket from which to make restricted payments (such as dividend payments and share repurchases). The Company was in compliance with all requirements as of December 31, 2022. The 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended, also requires the Company to make additional cash payments on an annual basis beginning in April 2023 based on certain leverage ratios and excess cash flow generated for the immediately preceding fiscal year. The additional cash payments are applied to the remaining principal balance due at final maturity. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the Company reclassified million to current portion of long-term debt for the payment to be made under the excess cash flow provisions. Certain lenders of the 2020 Term B Loan Facility participated in the Amendment and the changes in terms were not considered substantial. Accordingly, the Company accounted for the refinancing event for these lenders as a debt modification under ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments. Under its policy, the Company elected to continue to defer the unamortized debt discount and issuance costs for these continuing lenders related to the partial pay-down of the debt. Certain lenders of the 2020 Term B Loan Facility did not participate in the Amendment. Accordingly, the Company accounted for the refinancing event for these lenders as a debt extinguishment. As a result, the Company recorded an million loss on debt extinguishment in the second quarter of 2021, related to the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs for the portions of the 2020 Term B Loan Facility considered to be extinguished. In connection with its entry into the Amendment, the Company incurred million in debt financing costs, of which million were capitalized in accordance with ASC 835-30 Debt Issuance Costs and, together with a portion of the unamortized debt discount and issuance costs from the 2020 Term B Loan Facility, are being amortized into interest expense over the term of the Amendment. Under ASC 470-50, the remaining million, primarily related to third-party fees, were recorded as selling, general and administrative expense in the second quarter of 2021. After the Separation, the Company remains the obligor under the Refinanced B Term Loans. Interest Expense and Expected Principal Payments At December 31, 2022, million in total debt was outstanding. There were also million of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs recorded as a reduction from the c arrying amount of the debt. The interest rate on the Refinanced Term B Loans as of December 31, 2022, including the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, was and interest is payable monthly. Interest expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortized debt discount and issuance costs, which were included in interest expense, amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Total common shares-basic 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Options 

Restricted stock awards 

Total common shares-diluted 

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding any unvested restricted stock awards that are subject to repurchase. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed using the treasury stock method to calculate the weighted average number of shares of common stock and, if dilutive, potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares include unvested restricted stock awards and incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, less shares repurchased from assumed proceeds. The assumed proceeds calculation includes actual proceeds to be received from the employee upon exercise and the average unrecognized stock compensation cost during the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million shares, respectively, subject to stock options and restricted stock awards were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as they were anti-dilutive. 

 F- 35 

million shares have been reserved for issuance under the 2020 EIP provided that each share issued pursuant to full value awards (i.e., stock awards, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards and dividend equivalents) are counted against shares available for issuance under the 2020 EIP on a to 1 ratio. At the 2022 Annual Stockholders Meeting on April 29, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved an amendment to the 2020 EIP and increased by million the number of shares reserved for issuance. The 2020 EIP provides for option grants designed as either incentive stock options or nonstatutory options. Options generally are granted with an exercise price not less than the value of the common stock on the grant date and have a term of from the date of grant and vest over a period. The vesting criteria for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units is generally the passage of time or meeting certain performance-based objectives, and continued employment through the vesting period, which is generally for time-based awards. Assumed Plans On June 1, 2020, the Company assumed all then-outstanding stock options, awards, and shares available and reserved for issuance under all legacy Equity Incentive Plans of TiVo (collectively, the Assumed Plans ). Stock options assumed from the Assumed Plans generally have vesting periods of and a contractual term of . Awards of restricted stock and restricted stock units assumed from the Assumed Plans are generally subject to a vesting period. The number of shares subject to stock options and restricted stock unit awards outstanding under these plans are included in the tables below. Shares reserved under the Assumed Plans will be available for future grants. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares reserved for future grants under both the 2020 EIP and the Assumed Plans. 

Options granted 

Options assumed 

Options exercised 

() 

Options canceled / forfeited / expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

() 

Options canceled / forfeited / expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

() 

Options canceled / forfeited / expired 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

Restricted Stock Awards 

Awards granted 

Awards assumed 

Awards converted 

() 

Awards vested / earned 

() 

() 

() 

Awards canceled / forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Awards granted 

Awards vested / earned 

() 

() 

() 

Awards canceled / forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Awards granted 

Awards vested / earned 

() 

() 

() 

Awards canceled / forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Performance Awards Performance awards may be granted to employees or consultants based upon, among other things, the contributions, responsibilities and other compensation of the particular employee or consultant. The value and the vesting of such performance awards are generally linked to one or more performance goals or certain market conditions determined by the Company, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Company, and may range from to percent of the grant. For performance awards subject to a market vesting condition market-based PSUs ), the fair value per award is fixed at the grant date and the amount of compensation expense is not adjusted during the performance period regardless of changes in the level of achievement of the market condition. Employee Stock Purchase Plans On June 1, 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020 ESPP ). The 2020 ESPP is implemented through consecutive overlapping 24-month offering periods, each of which is comprised of four six-month purchase periods. The first offering period commenced on September 1, 2020 and ended on August 31, 2022. Due to the Separation, the next offering period under the 2020 ESPP plan commenced on December 1, 2022 and will end on November 30, 2024. Each subsequent offering period under the 2020 ESPP will be twenty-four months long and will commence on each December 1 with four six-month purchase periods. Participants may contribute up to of their base earnings and commissions through payroll deductions, and the accumulated deductions will be applied to the purchase of shares on each semi-annual purchase date. The purchase price per share will equal of the fair market value per share on the start date of the offering period or, if lower, of the fair market value per share on the semi-annual purchase date. An eligible employee s right to buy the Company s common stock under the 2020 ESPP may not accrue at a rate in excess of of the fair market value of such shares per calendar year for each calendar year of an offering period. If the fair market value per share of the Company s common stock on any purchase date during an offering period is less than the fair market value per share on the start date of the offering period, then that offering period will automatically terminate and a new 24-month offering period will begin on the next business day. All participants in the terminated offering will be transferred to the new offering period. At the 2022 Annual Stockholders Meeting on April 29, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved an amendment to the 2020 ESPP and increased by million the number of shares reserved for issuance. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares reserved for grant under the Company s 2020 ESPP. Modification of Equity Awards In connection with the Separation and under the provisions of the existing plans described above, the Company's outstanding stock options and equity awards were converted to units denominated in the equity of the Company, Xperi Inc., or both. The number of units and exercise prices of outstanding stock options and equity awards were converted based on the conversion ratios established in the Employee Matters Agreement that the Company entered into in connection with the Separation. The intent of the conversion ratios was to preserve the value of the awards immediately before and after the Separation. Upon the Separation, employees holding stock options and equity awards denominated in the Company's pre-Separation stock received a number of otherwise-similar stock options and awards in post-Separation Company's stock and/or Xperi Inc.'s stock based on the conversion ratios outlined for each group of employees. For purposes of the vesting of these equity awards, continued employment or service with the Company or with Xperi Inc. is treated as continued employment for purposes of both the Company's and Xperi Inc.'s equity awards and the vesting terms of each converted grant remained unchanged. There were no changes to the plan terms described above with the exception that the price on the grant date, or October 1, 2022 was adjusted to exclude the value of Xperi Inc. based on the conversion ratios applied to other equity awards. Refer to Note 15 - Stock Based Compensation Expense , for further discussion on the impact of this modification to the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. Dividends Stockholders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends when declared by the Company s Board of Directors. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, dividends declared in the aggregate for each year were , and , respectively per common share. The capacity to pay dividends in the future depends on many factors, including the Company's financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, capital structure, industry practice and other business conditions that the Board of Directors considers relevant. Stock Repurchase Programs On June 12, 2020 the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company authorized a new stock repurchase program providing for the repurchase of up to million of the Company's Common Stock dependent on market conditions, share prices and other factors. On April 22, 2021, the Board authorized an additional million of purchases under the existing stock repurchase plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased a total of approximately million shares of common stock, since inception of the plan, at an average price of per share for a total cost of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had repurchased a total of approximately million shares of common stock, since inception of the plan, at an average price of per share for a total cost of million. The shares repurchased are recorded as treasury stock and are accounted for under the cost method. No expiration date has been specified for this plan. As of December 31, 2022, the total remaining amount available for repurchase under this plan was million. The Company may execute authorized repurchases from time to time under the plan. In connection with the Mergers, all shares repurchased by the Company as of June 1, 2020 and recorded as treasury stock were canceled and retired. The Company accounts for stock repurchases using the cost method and records retirement of treasury stock as a reduction of the cumulative treasury stock paid-in capital balance. Once the cumulative balance is reduced to zero, any remaining difference resulting from the retirement of treasury stock is recorded as a reduction of retained earnings. The Company issues restricted stock awards as part of the equity incentive plans described above. For the majority of restricted awards, shares are withheld to satisfy required withholding taxes at the vesting date. Shares withheld to satisfy required withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted awards are treated as common stock repurchases in the condensed consolidated financial statements because they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued on vesting. However, these withheld shares are not included in common stock repurchases under the Company's authorized share repurchase plan. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 a nd 2020, the Company withheld million, million and million shares of common stock to satisfy million, million and million of required withholding taxes, respectively. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

In connection with termination of employment with a former executive on March 1, 2022, the Company entered into a Separation Agreement and Release with the executive, dated February 18, 2022 (the Separation Agreement ). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the Company approved, among other severance benefits, accelerated vesting of of outstanding performance and time-based restricted stock awards. As a result of this modification, the Company recorded incremental SBC expense of approximately million during the first quarter of 2022. As a result of the Separation and the conversion of the outstanding stock options and equity awards described in Note 14 - Stockholders' Equity , the Company compared the fair value of the outstanding stock options immediately before and after the Separation and a total incremental cost of million was recognized as part of stock-based compensation expense. The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the shares. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation balance after estimated forfeitures related to unvested stock options, and there was million related to restricted stock awards, including performance-based awards, to be recognized over an estimated weighted average period of years. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of options and ESPP shares. The fair value of each option grant is determined on the date of grant and the expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the offering period of two years. The assumptions used in the model include expected life, volatility, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. The Company s determinations of these assumptions are outlined below. Expected life The expected life assumption is based on analysis of the Company s historical employee exercise patterns. The expected life of options granted under the ESPP represents the offering period of . Volatility Volatility is calculated using the historical volatility of the Company s common stock for a term consistent with the expected life. Historical volatility of the Company s common stock is also utilized for the ESPP. Risk-free interest rate The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury rate for issues with remaining terms similar to the expected life of the options. Dividend yield Expected dividend yield is calculated based on cash dividends declared by the Board for the previous four quarters and dividing that result by the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the quarter. Cash dividends are not paid on options, restricted stock awards or unvested restricted stock awards. In addition, the Company estimates forfeiture rates. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Historical data is used to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. There were stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Dividend yield 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

- 

- 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, an aggregate of , and common shares, respectively, were purchased pursuant to the ESPP. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation to determine the grant date fair value of performance stock awards subject to market conditions, or market-based PSUs. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Foreign 

() 

Income before taxes from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Foreign 

State and local 

Total current 

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

State and local 

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts for income tax purposes. 

Research tax credits 

Foreign tax credits 

Expenses not currently deductible 

Fixed and intangible assets 

Deferred revenue 

Capitalized research expenses 

Lease liability 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Revenue recognition 

() 

() 

Operating leases 

() 

() 

Acquired intangible assets 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, related to federal, state, and foreign deferred tax assets that the Company believes will not be realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. The million decrease from the prior year is primarily comprised of federal and state valuation allowance releases. The need for a valuation allowance requires an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. In making such an assessment, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. After considering both positive and negative evidence to assess the recoverability of the Company s net deferred tax assets, the Company determined that the positive evidence outweighed the negative evidence primarily due to cumulative income from its IP Licensing business on a continuing operations basis and the expectation of sustained profitability in future periods and concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that it would realize its federal and certain state deferred tax assets. As a result, during the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company released the valuation allowance on all the federal deferred tax assets and state deferred tax assets, except for California and certain other states where tax attributes can only be utilized against the income of specific legal entities. The release of the valuation allowance resulted in million of tax benefit. The Company will maintain a full valuation allowance on its foreign deferred tax asset as the expectation of future taxable income is uncertain. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. The state net operating loss carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire on various dates beginning in and will continue to expire through . The Company has research tax credit carryforwards of approximately million for federal purposes. The federal research tax credit will start to expire in and will continue to expire through . The Company also has research tax credit carryforwards of approximately million for state purposes, which do not expire. The Company has million of foreign tax credit carryforwards which will begin to expire in and will continue to expire through . Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, substantial ownership changes may limit the amount of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually in the future to offset taxable income. 

State, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

() 

Executive compensation limitation 

Research tax credit 

() 

Foreign withholding tax 

Transaction costs 

Foreign tax rate differential 

() 

() 

Foreign tax credit 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

U.S. tax reform 

Unrecognized tax benefits 

() 

Change in estimates 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign exchange and interest 

() 

Divestitures 

Foreign derived intangible income 

() 

Others 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

At December 31, 2022, the Company asserts that it will not permanently reinvest its foreign earnings outside the U.S. The Company anticipates that the cash from its foreign earnings may be used domestically to fund operations, settle a portion of the outstanding debt obligation, or used for other business needs. The accumulated undistributed earnings generated by its foreign subsidiaries was insignificant. Substantially all of these earnings will not be taxable upon repatriation to the United States since under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act they will be treated as previously taxed income from the one-time transition tax, Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income or dividends-received deduction. During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company filed a refund claim for foreign taxes previously withheld from licensees in South Korea based on court rulings in South Korea and other business factors. These previously withheld foreign taxes were claimed as a foreign tax credit in the U.S. As a result of the filed and planned refund claims, the Company recorded a total of million and million as a noncurrent income tax receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, million and million as a noncurrent income tax payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million and million as a reduction in deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Although the refund claim is subject to judicial review, the Company anticipates it will receive refunds in the amount recorded in the receivable. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized tax benefits were million, of which million would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. As of December 31, 2021, unrecognized tax benefits were million, of which million would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. The Company believes that its unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 will decrease by approximately million within the next twelve months due to expiring statutes of limitation. 

Increases due to the Mergers 

Increases for tax positions related to the current year 

Increases for tax positions related to prior years 

Decreases for tax positions related to prior years 

() 

() 

() 

Total unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 

It is the Company s policy to classify accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did t recognize any significant interest or penalties. For the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million of interest and penalties, and for the year ended 2020, an insignificant amount of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. Accrued interest and penalties were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company s 2018 through 2022 tax years are generally open and subject to potential examination in one or more jurisdictions. In the U.S., any net operating losses or credits that were generated in prior years but not yet fully utilized in a year that is closed under the statute of limitations may also be subject to examination. Earlier tax years for the Company and its subsidiaries are also open in certain jurisdictions and are currently subject to examination. The Company has no significant income tax audits at this time. 

 million, including million due in 2023 and million due in 2024. Guarantee Prior to the Separation, Adeia Media LLC, a subsidiary of the Company Adeia Media ), and a subsidiary of Xperi Inc Xperi Sub entered into an agreement (the Specified Agreement with a third party pursuant to which Adeia Media guarantees the performance of Xperi Sub under the Specified Agreement, including its payment obligations to such third party. In connection with the Separation, Adeia Media and Xperi Sub entered into a separate cross business agreement (the Cross Business Agreement effective as of October 1, 2022 under which Adeia Media agreed to make guarantee payments to Xperi Sub in amounts based on certain of its operating expenses and other minimum performance obligations under the Specified Agreement through 2031. Consequently, on October 1, 2022, the Company recognized a guarantee liability pursuant to ASC 460 Guarantees of million which represents the fair value of Adeia Media s projected payments of such operating expenses during the term of the Cross Business Agreement. Subsequent changes to the fair value of guarantee are recognized as part of the Company s results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the guarantee liability was million, including a current portion of million. The maximum potential amount of future payments subject to the guarantee is approximately million per annum between and . Indemnifications In the normal course of business, the Company provides indemnifications of varying scopes and amounts to certain of its licensees, customers, and business partners against claims made by third parties arising from the use of the Company's products, intellectual property, services or technologies. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the possible range of losses that may be incurred pursuant to its indemnification obligations, if any. Variables affecting any such assessment include, but are not limited to: the nature of the claim asserted; the relative merits of the claim; the financial ability of the party suing the indemnified party to engage in protracted litigation; the number of parties seeking indemnification; the nature and amount of damages claimed by the party suing the indemnified party; and the willingness of such party to engage in settlement negotiations. To date, no such claims have been filed against the Company and no liability has been recorded in the Company s financial statements. Contingencies At each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether or not a potential loss amount or a potential range of losses is probable and reasonably estimable under the provisions of the authoritative guidance that addresses accounting for contingencies. Litigation related On June 23, 2017, Adeia Guides Inc. (formerly known as Rovi Guides, Inc.) and Adeia Media Solutions Inc. (formerly known as TiVo Solutions Inc.) (together, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Videotron Ltd. and Videotron G.P. (together, Videotron in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of six patents Videotron 1 ). On June 10, 2022, the Federal Court of Canada issued its decision in the case finding in favor of Videotron and its legacy illico platform. Specifically, the Court found invalid each of the asserted claims related to the four remaining patents involved in the case. In Canada, the prevailing party in patent litigation is entitled to reimbursement of certain of its costs and expenses. Accordingly, the Company accrued and paid million for expense reimbursement during the year ended December 31, 2022. On September 12, 2022, Adeia Media filed a notice of appeal with the Federal Court of Appeal of Canada appealing the decision of the Federal Court of Canada. On January 30, 2023, Adeia Media filed its opening memorandum of fact and law. Videotron's memorandum of fact and law is due April 17, 2023. On January 19, 2018, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Bell Canada (and four of its affiliates) (collectively, Bell in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of six patents Bell 1 ). On February 2, 2018, Adeia Media filed a patent infringement complaint against Telus Corporation (and two of its affiliates) (collectively, Telus in Toronto, Canada, alleging infringement of the same six patents Telus 1 ). Bell 1and Telus 1 were heard together for purposes of pre-trial and trial proceedings. On October 7, 2022, the Federal Court of Canada issued its confidential decision in the two cases finding in favor of Bell and Telus and their respective IPTV services, Bell Fibe TV and Telus Optik TV. Specifically, the Court found invalid each of the asserted claims of the four remaining patents involved in the case. In Canada, the prevailing party in patent litigation is entitled to reimbursement of certain of its costs and expenses. Accordingly, the Company accrued million for expense reimbursement in the third quarter of 2022. On November 7, 2022, Adeia Media filed a notice of appeal with the Federal Court of Appeal of Canada appealing the decision of the Federal Court of Canada. The Company is unable to predict the final outcome of other lawsuits, including other patent infringement lawsuits in Canada, to which it is a party and therefore cannot determine the likelihood of loss nor estimate a range of possible losses. An adverse decision in any of these proceedings could significantly harm the Company's business and consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in litigation matters and claims in the normal course of business. In the past, the Company and its subsidiaries have litigated to enforce their respective patents and other intellectual property rights, to enforce the terms of license agreements, to protect trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others and to defend itself or its customers against claims of infringement or invalidity. The Company expects it or its subsidiaries will be involved in similar legal proceedings in the future, including proceedings regarding infringement of its patents, and proceedings to ensure proper and full payment of royalties by licensees under the terms of its license agreements. 

 reportable segment: Intellectual Property IP Licensing. Reportable segments are identified based on the Company's organizational structure and information reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker CODM to evaluate performance and allocate resources. The Company s Chief Executive Officer is also the CODM as defined by the authoritative guidance on segment reporting. A portion of the Company s revenue is derived from licensees headquartered outside of the U.S., and it is expected that this revenue will continue to account for a portion of total revenue in future periods. 

Japan 

South Korea 

Europe and Middle East 

Other 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and customers, respectively, each accounted for 10 or more of total revenue. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

denotes less than 10 of total revenue. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had two customers representing and of aggregate accounts receivable, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the Company had three customers representing , and of aggregate accounts receivable, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, property and equipment, net, was all located in the U.S. 

 million, million and million, respectively, to the 401(k) plan. 

 , the Board declared a cash dividend of per share of common stock, payable on , for the stockholders of record at the close of business on . 

F- 46 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income from continuing operations 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net income from continuing operations 

() 

Net loss attributable to discontinued operations, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to the Company 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Continuing operations 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted 

Continuing operations 

() 

Discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of shares-basic 

Weighted average number of shares-diluted 

F- 47 

() 

2021 

() 

2022 

() 

Accounts receivable and unbilled contract receivables 

Allowance for credit losses 

2020 

2021 

() 

2022 

() 

F- 48 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between the Registrant and Xperi Inc., dated as of October 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) , as amended by the Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

3.2 
 
 Composite Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant's capital stock registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

10.1+ 
 
 Employment and Severance Agreement, dated April 28, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Jon Kirchner (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.2+ 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 2, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.3 
 
 Supplement to Commitment Letter and Fee Letter, dated January 3, 2020, by and among the Registrant, TiVo Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., Royal Bank of Canada, and Barclays Bank PLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 7, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.4 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2020, among the Registrant, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 001-39304)) 

10.5 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of June 1, 2020, among Xperi, TiVo, the other subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 001-39304)) 

10.6 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2020, among the Registrant, the other pledgors party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 001-39304)) 

10.7+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2021, among the Registrant, the subsidiaries of the Registrant party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto ((incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2021 (File No. 001-39304)) 

10.8+ 
 
 Xperi Holding Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 333-238846)) , as amended by the Plan Amendment to the Registrant s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, dated as of April 29, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.9+ 
 
 Xperi Holding Corporation 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 333-238846)) , as amended by the Plan of Amendment to the Registrant s 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on form 10-Q, filed August 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Registrant Directors, Officers, and Key Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 001-39304)) 

10.11+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the Xperi Holding Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 001-39304)) 

124 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement for the Xperi Holding Corporation 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020 (File No. 001-39304)) 

10.13+ 
 
 TiVo Corporation 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (f/k/a the Rovi Corporation 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of TiVo Corporation, filed March 15, 2019 (File No. 001-37870)) 

10.14+ 
 
 TiVo Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Equity Incentive Award Plan (now named the TiVo Corporation Titan Equity Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of TiVo Corporation, filed September 9, 2016 (File No. 333-213578)) 

10.15+ 
 
 Xperi Corporation Seventh Amended and Restated 2003 Equity Incentive Plan and Amendment No. 1 (incorporated by reference to Appendices A and B to Additional Definitive Proxy Soliciting Materials on Schedule 14A of Xperi Corporation, filed April 18, 2018 (File No. 001-37956)) 

10.16+ 
 
 DTS, Inc. 2014 New Employee Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of DTS, Inc., filed August 20, 2014 (File No. 000-50335)) 

10.17+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the DTS, Inc. 2014 New Employee Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of DTS, Inc., filed August 10, 2015 (File No. 333-206283)) 

10.18+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the DTS, Inc. 2014 New Employee Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of DTS, Inc., filed November 9, 2015 (File No. 333-207899)) 

10.19+ 
 
 DTS, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and Amendment No. 1 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of DTS, Inc., filed April 14, 2015 (File No. 000-50335)) 

10.20+ 
 
 SRS Labs, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on August 9, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 of DTS, Inc., filed August 13, 2012 (File No. 333-183289)) 

10.21+ 
 
 DTS, Inc. 2003 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended on May 9, 2005, May 15, 2008, February 19, 2009, February 15, 2010, June 3, 2010 and October 8, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q of DTS, Inc., filed November 8, 2010 (File No. 000-50335)) 

10.22+ 
 
 Amended Restated Severance Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Registrant and Paul Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023) 

10.23+ 
 
 Form of Severance Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Registrant and each of Keith Jones, Kevin Tanji, Dana Escobar and Mark Kokes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023) 

10.24 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement by and between the Registrant and Xperi Inc., dated as of October 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022) 

10.25 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement by and among the Registrant and Xperi Inc., dated as of October 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022) 

10.26 
 
 Cross Business License Agreement between Xperi Inc. and the Registrant, Adeia Media LLC and Adeia Media Holdings LLC, effective as of October 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022) 

10.27 
 
 Transition Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Xperi Inc., dated October 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022) 

10.28 
 
 Data Sharing Agreement by and between the Registrant and Xperi Inc, dated October 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

125 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

+ 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

The exhibits and schedules to this agreement have been omitted in reliance on Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, and a copy thereof will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon its request. Readers are cautioned that the representations and warranties set forth in this agreement are qualified by those schedules, and should not be relied upon as accurate or complete without reference to those schedules 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 126 

SIGNAT URES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: March 1, 2023 

ADEIA INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Paul E. Davis 

Paul E. Davis 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Paul Davis and Keith A. Jones, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Paul E. Davis 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Paul E. Davis 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Keith A. Jones 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and 

Keith A. Jones 
 
 Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Moloney 

Daniel Moloney 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Tonia O'Connor 

Tonia O'Connor 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ Raghavendra Rau 

Raghavendra Rau 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

/s/ V. Sue Molina 

V. Sue Molina 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

127 

<EX-3>
 2
 adea-ex3_2.htm
 EX-3.2

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.2 
 THIS COMPOSITE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF ADEIA INC. (THE CORPORATION REFLECTS THE PROVISIONS OF THE CORPORATION S AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED ON JUNE 1, 2020 AND ALL AMENDMENTS THERETO FILED WITH THE DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE THEREAFTER ON OR PRIOR TO MARCH 1, 2023, BUT IS NOT AN AMENDMENT OR RESTATEMENT THEREOF. 
 COMPOSITE AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 ADEIA INC. 
 ADEIA INC. (the Corporation ), organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows: 
 1. The Corporation filed its original Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 17, 2019. 
 2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Restated Certificate has been duly adopted by this Corporation s Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and the Corporation s stockholders have given their written consent in accordance with Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 3. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read in full as follows: 
 ARTICLE I 
 The name of this corporation is ADEIA INC. (the Corporation ). 
 ARTICLE II 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801, and the name of its registered agent at that address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 ARTICLE III 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is Three Hundred and Sixty Five Million (365,000,000) shares of stock, consisting of (i) Three Hundred and Fifty Million (350,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and (ii) Fifteen Million (15,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Preferred Stock ). 
 - 1 - 
 
 The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time, in one or more series, each series to be appropriately designated by a distinguishing letter or title, prior to the issue of any shares thereof. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors is hereby authorized to fix or alter the dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions, if any), the redemption price or prices, the liquidation preferences, any other designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and the number of shares constituting any such unissued series and the designation thereof, or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 
 ARTICLE V 
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation. In addition, the Bylaws of the Corporation may be altered, amended or repealed in any respect by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, voting together as a single class. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 The Board of Directors shall have that number of directors as designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation as adopted or as amended time to time by the directors or stockholders of the Corporation. 
 Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders or any special meeting in lieu thereof, and shall serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause may be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office even though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders. In the event of a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of the full Board of Directors until the vacancy is filled. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless otherwise provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 No action shall be taken by the stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders. The stockholders may not take action by written consent. 
 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, or by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, or by a committee of the Board of Directors which has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. The stockholders may not call a special meeting of stockholders. 
 - 2 - 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or as may hereafter be amended, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. 
 The Corporation may indemnify and advance indemnification expenses to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation or any predecessor of the Corporation, or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Corporation or any predecessor to the Corporation. The Corporation may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any such director, officer or employee against any liability which may be asserted against him or her and may enter contracts providing for the indemnification of any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article IX, nor the adoption of any provision of this Restated Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation inconsistent with this Article IX, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article IX in respect of any matter occurring, or any action or proceeding accruing or arising or that, but for this Article IX, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. 
 ARTICLE X 
 The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 
 ARTICLE XI 
 Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any statutory provision) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE XII 
 The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation; provided, however, that no amendment, alteration, change or repeal may be made to Article V, VI, VIII, IX or XIII without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, voting together as a single class. 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 13.1. Definitions . As used in this ARTICLE XIII, the following capitalized terms have the following meanings when used herein with initial capital letters: 

5-percent Transaction means any Prohibited Transfer that is effectuated without a direct transfer of Securities. 
 5-percent Stockholder means a Person or group of Persons that is a 5-percent shareholder of the Corporation pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.382-2T(g), provided that solely for purposes of Section 13.2(b) such term shall mean a Person or group of Persons having a Percentage Stock Ownership of 4.91 . 
 Agent has the meaning set forth in Section 13.5 . 
 - 3 - 
 
 Board of Directors or Board means the board of directors of the Corporation. 
 Common Stock means any interest in Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Corporation that would be treated as stock of the Corporation pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.382-2T(f)(18). 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance issued thereunder. 
 Corporation Security or Corporation Securities means (i) shares of Common Stock, (ii) shares of Preferred Stock (other than preferred stock described in Section 1504(a)(4) of the Code), (iii) warrants, rights, or options (including options within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.382-4(d) (but, for the avoidance of doubt, without regard for whether such options are treated as exercised under such Treasury Regulation) to purchase Securities of the Corporation, and (iv) any Stock. 
 Effective Date means June 1, 2020. 
 Excess Securities has the meaning given such term in Section 13.4 . 
 Expiration Date means the earlier of (i) the repeal of Section 382 of the Code or any successor statute if the Board of Directors determines that this ARTICLE XIII is no longer necessary for the preservation of Tax Benefits, (ii) the beginning of a taxable year of the Corporation to which the Board of Directors determines that no Tax Benefits may be carried forward, (iii) the date that is three years following the Effective Date, or (iv) such date as the Board of Directors shall fix in accordance with Section 13.12 of this ARTICLE XIII . 
 Open Market Transaction means a disposition of Common Stock over a public stock exchange as that term is used in the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 382. 
 Percentage Stock Ownership means the percentage Stock Ownership interest of any Person or group (as the context may require) in the Corporation or, prior to the Effective Date of this ARTICLE XIII , in TiVo Corporation, for purposes of Section 382 of the Code. 
 Person means any individual, firm, corporation or other legal entity, and includes any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity; provided, however , that a Person shall not mean a Public Group. 
 Prohibited Distributions means any and all dividends or other distributions paid by the Corporation with respect to any Excess Securities received by a Purported Transferee. 
 Prohibited Transfer means any Transfer or purported Transfer to the extent that such Transfer is prohibited and/or void under this ARTICLE XIII . For the avoidance of doubt, the term Prohibited Transfer includes a 5-percent Transaction (i.e., a Prohibited Transaction effectuated without a direct transfer of Securities). 
 Public Group has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.382-2T(f)(13). 
 Purported Transferee has the meaning set forth in Section 13.4 
 Securities and Security each has the meaning set forth in Section 13.7 . 
 Stock means any interest that would be treated as stock of the Corporation pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.382-2T(f)(18). 
 Stock Ownership means any direct or indirect ownership of Stock, including any ownership by virtue of application of constructive ownership rules, with such direct, indirect, and constructive ownership determined under the provisions of Section 382 of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 
 - 4 - 
 
 Tax Benefits means the net operating loss carryforwards, capital loss carryforwards, general business credit carryforwards, alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards, as well as any loss or deduction attributable to a net unrealized built-in loss of the Corporation or any direct or indirect subsidiary thereof, within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code. 
 Transfer means, any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance, pledge or other disposition or other action taken by a person, other than the Corporation, that alters the Percentage Stock Ownership of any Person or group. Except as set forth in the next sentence, a Transfer also shall include the creation or grant of an option (including an option within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 1.382-2T(h)(4)(v)). For the avoidance of doubt, a Transfer shall not include (i) the creation or grant of an option by the Corporation, (ii) the issuance of Stock by the Corporation, or (iii) a transaction that is excluded from the definition of owner shift by reason of Treasury Regulation 1.382-2T(e)(1)(ii). 
 Transferee means any Person to whom Corporation Securities are Transferred. 
 Treasury Regulations means the regulations, including temporary regulations or any successor regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended from time to time. Any reference to any portions of any Treasury Regulation shall include any successor provisions. 
 13.2. Transfer and Ownership Restrictions . In order to preserve the Tax Benefits, from and after the Effective Date of this ARTICLE XIII , any attempted Transfer of Corporation Securities prior to the Expiration Date and any attempted Transfer of Corporation Securities pursuant to an agreement entered into prior to the Expiration Date, shall be prohibited and void ab initio if such Transfer is described in subsection (a) or subsection (b), below. 

(a) An attempted Transfer is described in this subsection (a) if the transferor is a 5-percent Stockholder and either (i) the attempted Transfer is not an Open Market Transaction, or (ii) the attempted Transfer would reduce the transferor s Percentage Stock Ownership below the transferor s lowest Percentage Stock Ownership during the 3-year period preceding the attempted Transfer; or 

(b) An attempted Transfer is described in this subsection (b) if the transferee is a 5-percent Stockholder, related to a 5-percent Stockholder, or acting in coordination with a 5-percent Stockholder, or as a result of the attempted Transfer the transferee would become a 5-percent Stockholder, and either (i) the attempted Transfer is not an Open Market Transaction, or (ii) to the extent that the attempted Transfer (or any series of attempted Transfers of which such attempted Transfer is a part) the Percentage Stock Ownership of the transferee or any other 5-percent Stockholder would be increased. 

13.3. Exceptions . The restrictions set forth in Section 13.2 shall not apply to an attempted Transfer that is a Prohibited Transfer if the transferor or the Transferee obtains the written approval of the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. As a condition to granting its approval pursuant to this Section 13.3 , the Board of Directors, may, in its discretion, require (at the expense of the transferor and/or transferee) an opinion of counsel selected by the Board of Directors that the Transfer shall not result in the application of any Section 382 of the Code limitation on the use of the Tax Benefits; provided that the Board may grant such approval notwithstanding the effect of such approval on the Tax Benefits if it determines that the approval is in the best interests of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may impose any conditions that it deems reasonable and appropriate in connection with such approval, including, without limitation, restrictions on the ability of any Transferee to Transfer Stock acquired through a Transfer. Approvals of the Board of Directors hereunder may be given prospectively or retroactively. The Board of Directors, to the fullest extent permitted by law, may exercise the authority granted by this ARTICLE XIII through duly authorized officers or agents of the Corporation. Nothing in this Section 13.3 shall be construed to limit or restrict the Board of Directors in the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. 

- 5 - 
 
 13.4. Excess Securities . 

(a) No employee or agent of the Corporation shall record any Prohibited Transfer, and the purported transferee of such a Prohibited Transfer (the Purported Transferee shall not be recognized as a stockholder of the Corporation for any purpose whatsoever in respect of the Corporation Securities which are the subject of the Prohibited Transfer (the Excess Securities ). The Excess Securities shall be deemed to remain owned by the transferor unless and until the Excess Securities are transferred to the Agent pursuant to Section 13.5 or until an approval is obtained under Section 13.3 . Unless and until the Excess Securities are acquired by the Purported Transferee in a Transfer that is not a Prohibited Transfer, the Purported Transferee shall not be entitled with respect to such Excess Securities to any rights of stockholders of the Corporation, including, without limitation, the right to vote such Excess Securities and to receive dividends or distributions, whether liquidating or otherwise, in respect thereof, if any. After the Excess Securities have been acquired in a Transfer that is not a Prohibited Transfer, the Corporation Securities shall cease to be Excess Securities. For this purpose, any Transfer of Excess Securities not in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13.4 or Section 13.5 shall also be a Prohibited Transfer. 

(b) The Corporation may require as a condition to the registration of the Transfer of any Corporation Securities or the payment of any distribution on any Corporation Securities that the proposed Transferee or payee furnish to the Corporation all information reasonably requested by the Corporation with respect to all the direct or indirect ownership interests in such Corporation Securities. The Corporation may make such arrangements or issue such instructions to its stock transfer agent as may be determined by the Board of Directors to be necessary or advisable to implement this ARTICLE XIII , including, without limitation, authorizing such transfer agent to require an affidavit from a Purported Transferee regarding such Person s actual and constructive ownership of stock and other evidence that a Transfer will not be prohibited by this ARTICLE XIII as a condition to registering any transfer. 

(c) If the attempted Transfer of the Excess Securities is described in Section 13.2(a) and not Section 13.2(b) , the transferor shall promptly remit (i) to the Agent an amount sufficient to enable the Agent to acquire the Excess Securities in an Open Market Transaction for the account of the transferor and (ii) to the Corporation such amount as the Board determines represents any profit realized by the transferor in the transaction. 

(d) If the attempted Transfer of the Excess Securities is described in Section 13.2(b) (whether or not it is also described in Section 13.2(a) ), the provisions of Section 13.5 shall apply. 

13.5. Transfer to Agent . If the Board of Directors determines that a Transfer of Corporation Securities constitutes a Prohibited Transfer then, upon written demand by the Corporation sent within thirty (30) days of the date on which the Board of Directors determines that the attempted Transfer would result in Excess Securities, the Purported Transferee shall transfer or cause to be transferred any certificate or other evidence of ownership of the Excess Securities within the Purported Transferee s possession or control, together with any Prohibited Distributions, to an agent designated by the Board of Directors (the Agent ). The Agent shall thereupon sell to a buyer or buyers, which may include the Corporation, the Excess Securities transferred to it in one or more arm s-length transactions (on the public securities market on which such Excess Securities are traded, if possible, or otherwise privately); provided, however , that any such sale must not constitute a Prohibited Transfer and provided, further, that the Agent shall effect such sale or sales in an orderly fashion and shall not be required to effect any such sale within any specific time frame if, in the Agent s discretion, such sale or sales would disrupt the market for the Corporation Securities or otherwise would adversely affect the value of the Corporation Securities. If the Purported Transferee has resold the Excess Securities before receiving the Corporation s demand to surrender Excess Securities to the Agent, the Purported Transferee shall be deemed to have sold the Excess Securities for the Agent, and shall be required to transfer to the Agent any Prohibited Distributions and proceeds of such sale, except to the extent that the Corporation grants written permission to the Purported Transferee to retain a portion of such sales proceeds not exceeding the amount that the Purported Transferee would have received from the Agent pursuant to Section 13.6 if the Agent rather than the Purported Transferee had resold the Excess Securities. 

- 6 - 
 
 13.6. Application of Proceeds and Prohibited Distributions . The Agent shall apply any proceeds of a sale by it of Excess Securities and, if the Purported Transferee has previously resold the Excess Securities, any amounts received by it from a Purported Transferee, together, in either case, with any Prohibited Distributions, as follows: (a) first, such amounts shall be paid to the Agent to the extent necessary to cover its costs and expenses incurred in connection with its duties hereunder; (b) second, any remaining amounts shall be paid to the Purported Transferee, up to the amount paid by the Purported Transferee for the Excess Securities (or the fair market value at the time of the Transfer, in the event the purported Transfer of the Excess Securities was, in whole or in part, a gift, inheritance or similar Transfer) which amount shall be determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors; and (c) third, any remaining amounts shall be paid to one or more organizations qualifying under section 501(c)(3) of the Code (or any comparable successor provision) selected by the Board of Directors. The Purported Transferee of Excess Securities shall have no claim, cause of action or any other recourse whatsoever against any transferor of Excess Securities. The Purported Transferee s sole right with respect to such shares shall be limited to the amount payable to the Purported Transferee pursuant to this Section 13.6 . In no event shall the proceeds of any sale of Excess Securities pursuant to this Section 13.6 inure to the benefit of the Corporation or the Agent, except to the extent used to cover costs and expenses incurred by Agent in performing its duties hereunder. 

13.7. Modification of Remedies for Certain Indirect Transfers . In the event of any Transfer which does not involve a transfer of securities of the Corporation within the meaning of Delaware law Securities , and individually, a Security but which would cause a 5-percent Stockholder to violate a restriction on Transfers provided for in this ARTICLE XIII , the application of Section 13.5 and Section 13.6 shall be modified as described in this Section 13.7 . In such case, no such 5-percent Stockholder shall be required to dispose of any interest that is not a Security, but such 5-percent Stockholder and/or any Person whose ownership of Securities is attributed to such 5-percent Stockholder shall be deemed to have disposed of and shall be required to dispose of sufficient Securities (which Securities shall be disposed of in the inverse order in which they were acquired) to cause such 5-percent Stockholder, following such disposition, not to be in violation of this ARTICLE XIII . Such disposition shall be deemed to occur simultaneously with the Transfer giving rise to the application of this provision, and such number of Securities that are deemed to be disposed of shall be considered Excess Securities and shall be disposed of through the Agent as provided in Section 13.5 and Section 13.6 , except that the maximum aggregate amount payable either to such 5-percent Stockholder, or to such other Person that was the direct holder of such Excess Securities, in connection with such sale shall be the fair market value of such Excess Securities at the time of the purported Transfer. All expenses incurred by the Agent in disposing of such Excess Stock shall be paid out of any amounts due such 5-percent Stockholder or such other Person. The purpose of this Section 13.7 is to tailor the remedies for a Prohibited Transaction in Sections 13.2 , 13.4 and 13.5 to situations in which there is a 5-percent Transaction, and this Section 13.7 , along with the other provisions of this ARTICLE XIII , shall be interpreted to produce the same results, with differences as the context requires, as a direct Transfer of Corporation Securities. 

13.8. Legal Proceedings; Prompt Enforcement . If the Purported Transferee fails to surrender the Excess Securities or the proceeds of a sale thereof to the Agent within thirty (30) days from the date on which the Corporation makes a written demand pursuant to Section 13.5 (whether or not made within the time specified in Section 13.5 ), then the Corporation shall promptly take all cost effective actions which it believes are appropriate to enforce the provisions hereof, including the institution of legal proceedings to compel the surrender. Nothing in this Section 13.8 shall (a) be deemed inconsistent with any Transfer of the Excess Securities provided in this ARTICLE XIII being void ab initio , (b) preclude the Corporation in its discretion from immediately bringing legal proceedings without a prior demand or (c) cause any failure of the Corporation to act within the time periods set forth in Section 13.5 to constitute a waiver or loss of any right of the Corporation under this ARTICLE XIII . The Board of Directors may authorize such additional actions as it deems advisable to give effect to the provisions of this ARTICLE XIII . 

13.9. Liability . To the fullest extent permitted by law, any stockholder subject to the provisions of this ARTICLE XIII who knowingly violates the provisions of this ARTICLE XIII and any Persons controlling, controlled by or under common control with such stockholder shall be jointly and severally liable to the Corporation for, and shall indemnify and hold the Corporation harmless against, any and all damages suffered as a result of such violation, including but not limited to damages resulting from a reduction in, or elimination of, the Corporation s ability to utilize its Tax Benefits, and attorneys and auditors fees incurred in connection with such violation. 

- 7 - 
 
 13.10. Obligation to Provide Information . As a condition to the registration of the Transfer of any Stock, any Person who is a beneficial, legal or record holder of Stock, and any proposed Transferee and any Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with the proposed Transferee, shall provide such information as the Corporation may request from time to time in order to determine compliance with this ARTICLE XIII or the status of the Tax Benefits of the Corporation. 

13.11. Legends . The Board of Directors may require that any certificates issued by the Corporation evidencing ownership of shares of Stock that are subject to the restrictions on transfer and ownership contained in this ARTICLE XIII bear the following legend: 

THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION (THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION ), OF THE CORPORATION CONTAINS RESTRICTIONS PROHIBITING THE TRANSFER (AS DEFINED IN THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION) OF COMMON STOCK OF THE CORPORATION (INCLUDING THE CREATION OR GRANT OF CERTAIN OPTIONS, RIGHTS AND WARRANTS) WITHOUT THE PRIOR AUTHORIZATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION (THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IF SUCH TRANSFER AFFECTS THE PERCENTAGE OF STOCK OF THE CORPORATION (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 382 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE AND THE TREASURY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER), THAT IS TREATED AS OWNED BY A FIVE PERCENT SHAREHOLDER UNDER THE CODE AND SUCH REGULATIONS. IF THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ARE VIOLATED, THEN THE TRANSFER WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND THE PURPORTED TRANSFEREE OF THE STOCK WILL BE REQUIRED TO TRANSFER EXCESS SECURITIES (AS DEFINED IN THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION) TO THE CORPORATION S AGENT. IN THE EVENT OF A TRANSFER WHICH DOES NOT INVOLVE SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE SECURITIES BUT WHICH WOULD VIOLATE THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS, THE PURPORTED TRANSFEREE (OR THE RECORD OWNER) OF THE SECURITIES WILL BE REQUIRED TO TRANSFER SUFFICIENT SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THE TERMS PROVIDED FOR IN THE CORPORATION S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO CAUSE THE FIVE PERCENT STOCKHOLDER TO NO LONGER BE IN VIOLATION OF THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. THE CORPORATION WILL FURNISH WITHOUT CHARGE TO THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS CERTIFICATE A COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, CONTAINING THE ABOVE-REFERENCED TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS, UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE CORPORATION AT ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS. 
 The Board of Directors may also require that any certificates issued by the Corporation evidencing ownership of shares of Stock that are subject to conditions imposed by the Board of Directors under Section 13.3 of this ARTICLE XIII also bear a conspicuous legend referencing the applicable restrictions. 
 13.12. Authority of Board of Directors . 

(a) The Board of Directors shall have the power to determine all matters necessary for assessing compliance with this ARTICLE XIII , including, without limitation, (i) the identification of 5-percent Stockholders, (ii) whether a Transfer is a 5-percent Transaction or a Prohibited Transfer, (iii) the Percentage Stock Ownership in the Corporation of any 5-percent Stockholder, (iv) whether an instrument constitutes a Corporation Security, (v) the amount (or fair market value) due to a Purported Transferee pursuant to Section 13.6 , and (vi) any other matters which the Board of Directors determines to be relevant; and the good faith determination of the Board of Directors on such matters shall be conclusive and binding for all the purposes of this ARTICLE XIII . In addition, the Board of Directors may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time establish, modify, amend or rescind by-laws, regulations and procedures of the Corporation not inconsistent with the provisions of this ARTICLE XIII for purposes of determining whether any Transfer of Corporation Securities would jeopardize the Corporation s ability to preserve and use the Tax Benefits and for the orderly application, administration and implementation of this ARTICLE XIII . 

- 8 - 
 
 (b) Nothing contained in this ARTICLE XIII shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to take such other action to the extent permitted by law as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Corporation and its stockholders in preserving the Tax Benefits. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board of Directors may, by adopting a written resolution, (i) accelerate or extend the Expiration Date, (ii) modify the ownership interest percentage in the Corporation or the Persons or groups covered by this ARTICLE XIII , (iii) modify the definitions of any terms set forth in this ARTICLE XIII or (iv) modify the terms of this ARTICLE XIII as appropriate, in each case, in order to prevent an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 of the Code as a result of any changes in applicable Treasury Regulations or otherwise; provided, however , that the Board of Directors shall not cause there to be such acceleration, extension or modification unless it determines, by adopting a written resolution, that such action is reasonably necessary or advisable to preserve the Tax Benefits or that the continuation of these restrictions is no longer reasonably necessary for the preservation of the Tax Benefits. Stockholders of the Corporation shall be notified of such determination through a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or such other method of notice as the Secretary of the Corporation shall deem appropriate. 

(c) In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this ARTICLE XIII , including any definition used herein, the Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the application of such provisions with respect to any situation based on its reasonable belief, understanding or knowledge of the circumstances. In the event this ARTICLE XIII requires an action by the Board of Directors but fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board of Directors shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of this ARTICLE XIII . All such actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations which are done or made by the Board of Directors in good faith shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation, the Agent, and all other parties for all other purposes of this ARTICLE XIII . The Board of Directors may delegate all or any portion of its duties and powers under this ARTICLE XIII to a committee of the Board of Directors as it deems necessary or advisable and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, may exercise the authority granted by this ARTICLE XIII through duly authorized officers or agents of the Corporation. Nothing in this ARTICLE XIII shall be construed to limit or restrict the Board of Directors in the exercise of its fiduciary duties under applicable law. 

13.13. Reliance . To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation and the members of the Board of Directors shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the information, opinions, reports or statements of the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer or the corporate controller of the Corporation or of the Corporation s legal counsel, independent auditors, transfer agent, investment bankers or other employees and agents in making the determinations and findings contemplated by this ARTICLE XIII , and the members of the Board of Directors shall not be responsible for any good faith errors made in connection therewith. For purposes of determining the existence and identity of, and the amount of any Corporation Securities owned by any stockholder, the Corporation is entitled to rely on the existence and absence of filings of Schedule 13D or 13G under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or similar filings), as of any date, subject to its actual knowledge of the ownership of Corporation Securities. 

13.14. Benefits of this Article XIII . Nothing in this ARTICLE XIII shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Corporation or the Agent any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this ARTICLE XIII . This ARTICLE XIII shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Corporation and the Agent. 

13.15. Severability . The purpose of this ARTICLE XIII is to facilitate the Corporation s ability to maintain or preserve its Tax Benefits. If any provision of this ARTICLE XIII or the application of any such provision to any Person or under any circumstance shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this ARTICLE XIII . 

13.16. Waiver . With regard to any power, remedy or right provided herein or otherwise available to the Corporation or the Agent under this ARTICLE XIII , (1) no waiver will be effective unless expressly contained in a writing signed by the waiving party; and (2) no alteration, modification or impairment will be implied by reason of any previous waiver, extension of time, delay or omission in exercise, or other indulgence. 

- 9 - 
 
 ARTICLE XIV 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent ), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation arising out of or relating to any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. Unless the Corporation gives an Alternative Forum Consent, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The provisions of this ARTICLE XIV do not apply to claims brought under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing, otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this ARTICLE XIV. The existence of any prior Alternative Forum Consent shall not act as a waiver of the Corporation s ongoing consent right as set forth above in this ARTICLE XIV with respect to any current or future actions or claims. 
 
 - 10 - 

</EX-3>

<EX-4>
 3
 adea-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 The following description of the material terms of the common stock and preferred stock of Adeia Inc. (the Company is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, which are attached as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.3, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 The total number of shares of capital stock which the Company shall have authority to issue is 365,000,000 shares. This authorized capital stock consists of 350,000,000 shares of common stock and 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock, each having a par value of 0.001 per share. 
 There were 105,230,113 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 7, 2023. 
 Common Stock 
 Each holder of a share of common stock of the Company will be entitled to one vote for each share, and the common stock will have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes (subject to the express terms of the preferred stock). Stockholders of the Company will have no preemptive rights and no rights to convert their common stock into any other securities. There will also be no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 
 Stockholders of the Company will be entitled to receive dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board out of funds legally available therefor. The stockholders are entitled to share pro rata, upon any liquidation or dissolution of the Company, in all remaining assets available for distribution to stockholders after payment or providing for the Company s liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the stockholders are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate and issue at the effective time and in the future. 
 The shares of common stock will be subject to certain transfer restrictions intended to preserve tax attributes of the Company pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Such restrictions will apply to future transfers made by 4.91 stockholders, transferees who are 4.91 stockholders, transferees who are related to a 4.91 stockholder, transferees acting in coordination with a 4.91 stockholder, or transfers that would result in a stockholder becoming a 4.91 stockholder in order to avoid potential limitation on such tax attributes pursuant to Section 382 of the Code. Such restrictions will expire on the earlier of (i) the repeal of Section 382 or any successor statute if the board of directors determines that such restrictions are no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of certain tax benefits, (ii) the beginning of a taxable year to which the board of directors determines that no tax benefits may be carried forward, (iii) the date that is three years and one day following the close of the merger or (iv) such other date as the board of directors shall fix in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation. 
 The common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ADEA. 
 
 Additional Classes or Series of Preferred Stock 
 The Company s certificate of incorporation will permit the Company s board, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series of preferred stock with such designations, powers, preferences, special rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as the board may determine from time to time. Accordingly, without action by the stockholders, the board may designate and authorize the issuance of additional classes or series of preferred stock having voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption provisions (including sinking fund provisions) and rights in liquidation, dissolution or winding up that are superior to those of common stock. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions; Takeover Statutes 
 A number of provisions in the Company s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL may make it more difficult to acquire control of the Company or remove its management. 
 Structure of Board 
 The Company s board will be elected annually. The Company s bylaws provides that each director of the Company will hold office for a term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders and until such director s successor is duly elected and qualified. The Company s board, in accordance with the bylaws, shall consist of not less than five (5) and not more than nine (9) directors as fixed from time to time by resolution of a majority of the total number of directors on the board. The board currently consists of five (5) directors. Furthermore, subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of preferred stock to elect directors, any vacancies on the board caused by death, removal or resignation of any director or any other cause, and any newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors, will be permitted to be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and shall not be filled by stockholders. This provision could prevent a stockholder from obtaining majority representation on the Company s board by allowing the board to enlarge the board and fill the new directorships with the board s own nominees. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board 
 Under the terms of the merger agreement between Xperi Corporation and TiVo (the Merger Agreement and the Company s bylaws, the Company s board of directors established a nominating and corporate governance committee whose principal duties are to assist the board of directors by identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors, to recommend to the board of directors for its approval the slate of nominees to be proposed by the board of directors to the stockholders for election to the board of directors, to develop and recommend to the board of directors the governance principles applicable to the corporation, as well as such other duties and responsibilities delegated to it by the board of directors and specified for it under applicable law and the rules and requirements of Nasdaq. 
 Removal of Directors 
 In accordance with the DGCL and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock, the entire board or any individual director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the shares of capital stock of the Company then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class. 
 
 Advance Notice of Proposals and Nominations 
 The Company bylaws provide that stockholders must give timely written notice to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder s notice will be required to be delivered to the principal executive offices of the Company not later than the 90th day nor earlier than the 120th day prior to the one (1)-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that if the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not later than the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made. The Company s bylaws also specify the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may prevent stockholders from bringing matters before an annual meeting of stockholders or from nominating candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Limits on Special Meetings 
 The Company s bylaws and certificate of incorporation provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the board of directors, or by a majority of the members of the board of directors, or by a committee of the board of directors which has been duly designated by the board of directors and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the board of directors or in these bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. 
 Amendment of the Company s Bylaws 
 The Company s board will be authorized to amend, alter, change, adopt and repeal the Company s bylaws by a majority vote. Company stockholders also will have the power to amend, alter, change, adopt and repeal the Company s bylaws by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 66 2/3 of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting as a single class. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Please see Additional Classes or Series of Preferred Stock above. The Company s ability to issue an indeterminate number of shares of the authorized shares of preferred stock with such rights, privileges and preferences as the Company s board may fix may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover or other change of control of the Company. 
 Takeover Statutes 
 Section 203 of the DGCL generally prohibits business combinations, including mergers, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securities and similar transactions by a corporation or a subsidiary with an interested stockholder who beneficially owns 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock, within three (3) years after the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, unless: (i) the board of directors of the target corporation has approved, before the acquisition time, either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder, the person owns at least 85 of the corporation s voting stock (excluding shares owned by directors who are officers and shares owned by employee stock plans in which participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer) or (iii) after the person or entity becomes an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 The Company does not expect to opt out of the protections of Section 203 of the DGCL. As a result, the statute will apply to the Company. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 The Company s certificate of incorporation provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty (including any fiduciary duty) owed by any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company to the Company or Company stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (each, as in effect from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware. The Company s certificate of incorporation also provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. The exclusive forum provision does not apply to claims brought under the Exchange Act. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 4
 adea-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

SUBSIDIARY NAME 
 STATE OF INCORPORATION OR OTHER JURISDICTION 

Adeia Media Holdings LLC 
 Delaware 

Adeia Imaging LLC 
 Delaware 

Adeia Holdings Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Media LLC 
 Delaware 

Adeia Media Solutions Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Technologies Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Guides Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Solutions LLC 
 Delaware 

Adeia Publishing Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Euromedia Group Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Europe Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Rovi Global Services S.a.r.l. 
 Luxembourg 

TiVo Korea Co., Ltd. 
 Korea 

Adeia Semiconductor Bonding Technologies Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Semiconductor Advanced Technologies Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Semiconductor Solutions LLC 
 Delaware 

Adeia Semiconductor Inc. 
 Delaware 

Adeia Semiconductor Intellectual Property LLC 
 Delaware 

Adeia Semiconductor Technologies LLC 
 Delaware 

The names of other subsidiaries are omitted. Such subsidiaries would not, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, constitute a significant subsidiary within the meaning of Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 adea-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-264591 and 333-238846) of Adeia Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California March 1, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 adea-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Paul E. Davis, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Adeia Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 
 
 /s/ Paul E. Davis 

Paul E. Davis 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 adea-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 I, Keith A. Jones, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Adeia Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 /s/ Keith A. Jones 

Keith A. Jones 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 adea-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Adeia Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Paul E. Davis, Chief Executive Officer and President, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Paul E. Davis 

Paul E. Davis 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

March 1, 2023 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(b) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Adeia Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Keith A. Jones, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Keith A. Jones 

Keith A. Jones 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 1, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 adea-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 adea-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 adea-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 adea-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 adea-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

