<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1668243_0001437749-23-007710.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8779433</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>670868</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1845423</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2451110</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1842150</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1733536</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-007710.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324081701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-007710
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UroGen Pharma Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001668243
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L3
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38079
		FILM NUMBER:		23757723

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 HA'TA'ASIYA ST
		CITY:			RA'ANANA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			4365007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972 9 770 7601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 HA'TA'ASIYA ST
		CITY:			RA'ANANA
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			4365007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-007710.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 urgn20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

urgn20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from_____________ to ________________ 
 Commission file number: 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 totaled approximately million based on the closing price for the registrant s ordinary shares on that day as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. Such value excludes ordinary shares held by executive officers, directors and certain entities affiliated with directors as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 As of March 20, 2023, there were of the registrant s ordinary shares outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 Document Description 10-K Part 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than May 1, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. III 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I. 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 23 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 58 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 58 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 58 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 58 

PART II. 
 
 59 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 59 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 59 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 60 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 70 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 71 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 92 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 92 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 92 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 92 

PART III. 
 
 93 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 93 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 93 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 93 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 93 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 93 

PART IV. 
 
 94 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 94 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 INTRODUCTION 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, UroGen Pharma, "UroGen," the Company, our Company, we, us and our refer to UroGen Pharma Ltd. and its subsidiary, UroGen Pharma, Inc. 
 
 UroGen RTGel and Jelmyto are trademarks of ours that we use in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report"). This Annual Report also includes trademarks, tradenames, and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report appear without the or symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the right of the applicable licensor to our trademark and tradenames. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 
 
 We maintain our books and records in U.S. dollars, and prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("U.S. GAAP"), as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). 
 
 The terms shekel, Israeli shekel and NIS refer to New Israeli Shekels, the lawful currency of the State of Israel, and the terms dollar, U.S. dollar or refer to United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States. All references to shares in this Annual Report refer to ordinary shares of UroGen Pharma Ltd., par value NIS 0.01 per share. 
 
 We have made rounding adjustments to some of the figures included in this Annual Report. Accordingly, numerical figures shown as totals in some tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that preceded them. 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 
 We may, in some cases, use words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements and are based upon our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

the timing and conduct of our clinical trials of UGN-102 and our other product candidates, including statements regarding the timing, progress and results of current and future nonclinical studies and clinical trials, and our research and development programs; 

the clinical utility, potential advantages and timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals of UGN-102 and our other product candidates; 

our expectations regarding timing for application for and receipt of a regulatory review decision for any of our product candidates; 

our ongoing and planned discovery and development of product candidates including UGN-201 and UGN-301; 

our expectations regarding future growth, including our ability to develop, and obtain regulatory approval for, new product candidates; 

our ability to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property rights and adequately protect and enforce such rights; 

our ability to maintain our existing collaboration and licensing arrangements and enter into and maintain other collaborations, licensing arrangements or in-license or acquire rights to other products, product candidates or technologies; 

our plans to develop and commercialize our in-line and investigational product candidates; 

our estimates regarding the commercial potential and market opportunity for our product pipeline and investigational products; 

our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and the need for additional financing; 

the impact of our research and development expenses as we continue developing investigational product candidates; 

the future nonclinical and clinical development of licensed products, including the sequential use of UGN-201 and UGN-301, and their commercial opportunity; and 

the impact of government laws and regulations. 

We caution you that the risks, uncertainties and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. You should refer to the section of this Annual Report under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

1

Table of Contents 

If our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame or at all. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report speaks only as of the date of this Annual Report or as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report and have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 
 This Annual Report may contain market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications. These data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified any third-party information. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information included in this Annual Report is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise. 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 Below is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our ordinary shares speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") before making investment decisions regarding our ordinary shares. 

We will require additional financing to fund our operations and achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this capital when needed and on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development, commercialization efforts or other operations. 

We are highly dependent on the successful commercialization of our only approved product, Jelmyto . 

We have limited experience as an organization in marketing and distributing products and are therefore subject to certain risks in relation to the commercialization of Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval. 

The market opportunities for Jelmyto and our product candidates may be smaller than we anticipate or limited to those patients who are ineligible for established therapies or for whom prior therapies have failed and may be small. 

Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval may fail to achieve the broad degree of physician adoption and use and market acceptance necessary for commercial success. 

Jelmyto and our product candidates, if approved, will face significant competition with competing technologies and our failure to compete effectively may prevent us from achieving significant market penetration. 

In addition to Jelmyto , we are dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, UGN-102, and our other product candidates, including obtaining regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States. 

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results, and our clinical trials may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates. 

We have entered into collaboration and licensing agreements and in the future may enter into collaboration and licensing arrangements with other third parties for the development or commercialization of our product candidates. If our collaboration and licensing arrangements are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates. 

We currently contract with third-party subcontractors and single-source suppliers for certain raw materials, compounds and components necessary to produce Jelmyto for commercial use, and to produce UGN-102, UGN-201 and UGN-301 for nonclinical studies and clinical trials, and expect to continue to do so to support commercial scale production of UGN-102 and UGN-201, if approved, as well as UGN-301 if approved as a monotherapy or for any approved product that includes UGN-301. There are significant risks associated with the manufacture of pharmaceutical products and contracting with contract manufacturers, including single-source suppliers. Furthermore, our existing third-party subcontractors and single-source suppliers may not be able to meet the increased need for certain raw materials, compounds and components that may result from our commercialization efforts. This increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of Jelmyto , UGN-102, UGN-201 or UGN-301 or be able to obtain such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of any of our other products we develop. 

If we fail to attract and keep senior management and key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our product candidates, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize any of the products we develop. 

We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows since our inception, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future, which makes it difficult to assess our future viability. 

Our indebtedness resulting from our Loan Agreement could adversely affect our financial condition or restrict our future operations. 

If our efforts to obtain, protect or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights related to our product candidates and technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively, and we otherwise may be harmed. 

If the FDA does not conclude that UGN-102 satisfies the requirements under 505(b)(2), or if the requirements for our product candidates are not as we expect, the approval pathway for these product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in either case may not be successful. 

We expect current and future legislation affecting the healthcare industry, including healthcare reform, to impact our business generally and to increase limitations on reimbursement, rebates and other payments, which could adversely affect third-party coverage of our products, our operations, and/or how much or under what circumstances healthcare providers will prescribe or administer our products, if approved. 

Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expenses, limit or withdraw regulatory approval and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. 

It may be difficult for us to profitably sell our product candidates if coverage and reimbursement for these products is limited by government authorities and/or third-party payor policies. 

Our research and development and other significant operations are located in Israel and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel. 

2

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a biotechnology company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative solutions that treat urothelial and specialty cancers. We have developed RTGel reverse-thermal hydrogel, a proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based technology that has the potential to improve therapeutic profiles of existing drugs. Our technology is designed to enable longer exposure of the urinary tract tissue to medications, making local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option. Our approved product Jelmyto (mitomycin) for pyelocalyceal solution, and our investigational candidate, UGN-102 (mitomycin) for intravesical solution, are designed to ablate tumors by non-surgical means and to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial cancer low-grade UTUC and low-grade intermediate risk non-muscle invasive bladder cancer low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC ), respectively. In addition, our immuno-uro-oncology pipeline includes UGN-301 (zalifrelimab), an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, which we intend to study as a combination therapy with multiple potential agents. 
 
 RTGel : Our Reverse Thermal Hydrogel Technology 
 
 RTGel is a novel proprietary polymeric biocompatible, reverse thermal gelation hydrogel technology, which, unlike the general characteristics of most forms of matter, is liquid at lower temperatures and converts into gel form when warmed to body temperature. We believe that these characteristics promote ease of delivery into and retention of drugs in body cavities, including the bladder and the upper urinary tract, forming a transient reservoir of drug that dissolves over time while preventing rapid excretion, providing for increased dwell time. RTGel leverages the physiologic flow of urine to provide a natural exit from the body. 
 
 RTGel s components are polymer-based and are inactive ingredients that are used in FDA-approved Jelmyto . We formulate RTGel with an active drug: mitomycin in the case of Jelmyto and UGN-102. The resulting formulations are instilled intravesically in liquid form directly into the upper urinary tract or bladder using standard instillation methodologies via catheters or nephrostomy tube, and thereafter convert into gel form at body temperature. Subsequently, upon contact with urine, RTGel gradually dissolves and releases the active drug over a period of several hours and is less affected by urine creation and voiding cycles as compared to water formulations. 
 
 We believe that RTGel , when formulated with an active drug, may allow for the improved efficacy of treatment of various types of urothelial and specialty cancers and urologic disease without compromising the safety of the patient or interfering with the natural flow of fluids in the urinary tract. RTGel achieves this by: 

increasing the exposure of active drugs in the bladder and upper urinary tract by significantly extending the dwell time of the active drug while conforming to the anatomy of the bladder and the upper urinary tract, which allows for enhanced drug tissue coverage. For example, the average dwell time of the standard mitomycin water formulation, currently used as adjuvant treatment, in the upper urinary tract is approximately five minutes, compared to approximately six hours when mitomycin is formulated with RTGel ; 

administering higher doses of an active drug than would otherwise be possible using standard water-based formulations. For instance, it is only possible to dissolve 0.5 mg of mitomycin in 1 mL of water while it is possible to formulate up to 8 mg of mitomycin with 1 mL of RTGel ; and 

maintaining the active drug s molecular structure and mode of action. 

These characteristics of RTGel enable sustained release of mitomycin in the urinary tract for both Jelmyto and UGN-102. Further, RTGel may be particularly effective in the bladder and upper urinary tract where tumor visibility and access are challenging, and where there exists a significant amount of urine flow and voiding. We believe that these characteristics of RTGel may prove useful for the local delivery of active drugs to other bodily cavities in addition to the bladder and upper urinary tract. 
 
 Mitomycin Our Target Active Drug for the Treatment of Low-Grade UTUC and Low-Grade Intermediate Risk NMIBC 
 
 Mitomycin is a generic drug currently utilized off-label as an adjuvant chemotherapy for the treatment of low-grade NMIBC after trans-urethral resection of bladder tumor ("TURBT"). Off-label means that while the FDA has not approved mitomycin as adjuvant treatment in the post-TURBT setting for low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC patients, physicians are permitted to utilize it as standard of care for this indication as part of medical practice. In practice in the U.S., adjuvant chemotherapy is only used in 0-30 of the eligible population. Mitomycin, a chemotherapy agent, is administered using a water-based solution, which has a relatively short dwell time in the bladder limited to first voiding. Mitomycin often causes temporary irritation of the urinary tract, including the need to urinate frequently and urgently. In the upper urinary tract, the dwell time is limited to approximately five minutes as urine flows continuously and no active retention by the patient is feasible. Numerous in vitro models, in vivo studies and computer simulations have shown that increased dwell time of mitomycin in the bladder results in increased time to recurrence of urothelial cancer. In one such study, it was shown that mitomycin activity increased with exposure time. Specifically, the MIC90, or mean inhibitory concentration that causes 90 inhibition in cell growth, was 11-fold lower when exposure time was increased from 30 minutes to eight hours. 
 
 Mitomycin s mechanism of action is on the cancer cell s DNA and has been demonstrated to be most effective when the cancer cell is in its S-phase, or synthesis phase, during which the DNA is replicated. Each cancer cell goes through various phases during the cell cycle. However, the cell cycle is not synchronized in all cancer cells, which means that at any given point in time only a portion of the cancer cells are at their S-phase, or susceptible to the instilled mitomycin in the bladder. Increased dwell time, facilitated by our RTGel preparations Jelmyto and UGN-102, is designed to increase cell killing in vitro when compared to aqueous solutions of mitomycin. 

3

Table of Contents 

Our Pipeline 
 
 The following chart summarizes the current status of our pipeline: 

Jelmyto 
 
 Jelmyto is our novel sustained-release RTGel -based formulation of mitomycin that we have developed for the treatment of low-grade UTUC. RTGel is liquid at lower temperatures and converts into gel form at body temperature. This temperature-dependent viscosity characteristic allows for instillation of the chilled Jelmyto in its liquid form to the upper urinary tract via standard urinary procedures utilizing a catheter or nephrostomy tube . Once instilled, Jelmyto converts into gel form at body temperature. Subsequently, upon contact with urine, Jelmyto gradually dissolves and releases the active drug, mitomycin, over a period of four to six hours versus several minutes for mitomycin in its water-based formulation. We believe that this substantial increase in dwell time of mitomycin positions Jelmyto as a chemoablation treatment for low-grade UTUC, potentially sparing patients from repeated tumor resection procedures and potentially reducing the need for upper urinary tract surgeries, including kidney removal. 
 
 Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma ("UTUC") 
 
 UTUC refers to malignant changes of the urothelium (the epithelial lining) of the upper urinary tract of the calyces, renal pelvis and ureter. Low-grade UTUC managed with endoscopic resection typically exhibits a high rate of local recurrence. High-grade UTUC is associated with renal parenchymal invasion and the development of metastases. UTUC accounts for approximately 5 to 10 of all new cases of urothelial cancer, which together with recurrent cases, results in an estimated annual incidence in the United States of up to 7,000 cases. UTUC is nearly three times more common in men than women and is typically diagnosed in patients in their 60s and 70s. Tumor grade is the key prognostic factor at the time of diagnosis of UTUC and is assigned based upon microscopic examination of tumor tissue. Approximately 40 of the patients diagnosed annually with UTUC in the United States have low-grade UTUC. 

1. Upfill-Brown 2018, 2. Cutress 2012, 3. Grasso et al. (2012) BJU International, 4. Yeung et al. (2014) Pharmacoeconomics 
 RNU = radical nephroureterectomy 

Limitations of Other Treatments for Low-Grade Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma 
 
 Before the approval of Jelmyto in April 2020, there were no drugs approved by the FDA for the treatment of low-grade UTUC, representing a significant unmet medical need. The current standard of care for the treatment of low-grade UTUC is radical nephroureterectomy ("RNU"), which is complete kidney and upper urinary tract removal. Recent advances in resection instrument technology have allowed physicians in some cases to treat patients with low-grade UTUC using endoscopic tumor resection, a kidney-sparing treatment, rather than nephroureterectomy followed by adjuvant chemotherapy, typically mitomycin, treatment. However, the specific anatomy and physiology of the upper urinary tract make the performance of organ-sparing endoscopic tumor resection and instillation of adjuvant chemotherapy challenging, leading to high recurrence rates. Patients often undergo multiple endoscopic resection procedures, which increases the probability of potential complications of resection, including perforation and ureteral stricture, or a narrowing of the ureter. Endoscopic tumor resection, which aims to be a kidney sparing surgical procedure, is conducted only in patients with low-grade disease and with limited tumor burden (unifocal tumor, low grade histology, less than 2 cm in greatest dimension). Ultimately, 70 to 80 o f patients with low-grade UTUC undergo an RNU. Treatment is further complicated by the fact that low-grade UTUC is most commonly diagnosed in patients over 70 years of age, who may already have compromised kidney function and other comorbidities such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and pulmonary disease and may suffer further complications as a result of a major surgery. 
 
 Our Solution: Jelmyto (mitomycin) for pyelocalyceal solution 
 
 On April 15, 2020, the FDA approved our new drug application NDA for Jelmyto (mitomycin) for pyelocalyceal solution, formerly known as UGN-101, for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade UTUC. Jelmyto consists of mitomycin, an established chemotherapy, and sterile hydrogel, using our proprietary sustained release RTGel technology. It has been designed to prolong exposure of urinary tract tissue to mitomycin, thereby enabling the treatment of tumors by non-surgical means. New product exclusivity for Jelmyto exists through April 15, 2023, Orphan Drug exclusivity through April 15, 2027 as well as a composition of matter patents. The main patents that protect Jelmyto in the United States are set to expire in January 2031. These patents were listed in the FDA's Orange Book (Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations). 

4

The FDA evaluated the Jelmyto NDA under Priority Review, which is reserved for medicines that may represent significant improvements in safety or efficacy in treating serious conditions. Jelmyto was also granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA, which was created to expedite the development and review of drugs developed for serious or life-threatening conditions with high unmet need. 
 
 The FDA approval was based on results from our Phase 3 OLYMPUS trial showing Jelmyto achieved clinically significant disease eradication in adults with low-grade UTUC. Findings from the final study results include: 

Complete response CR (primary endpoint) of 58 (41/71) in the intent-to-treat population and in the sub-population of patients who were deemed not capable of surgical removal at diagnosis. 

At the 12-month time point for assessment of durability, 23 patients remained in CR of a total of 41 patients, eight had experienced recurrence of disease and 10 patients were unable to be evaluated. 

Durability of response was estimated to be 81.8 at 12 months by Kaplan-Meier analysis. The median duration of response was not reached. 

The most commonly reported adverse events 20 were ureteric obstruction, flank pain, urinary tract infection, hematuria, abdominal pain, fatigue, renal dysfunction, nausea, dysuria and vomiting. Most adverse events were mild to moderate and manageable. No treatment-related deaths occurred. 

In December 2022, we presented new data from the OLYMPUS trial designed to obtain long-term follow-up data on Jelmyto . Based on data available for 16 of the 23 patients who had remained in CR at the end of the OLYMPUS study, the median duration of response was 28.9 months. Thirteen patients remained in CR, two patients had recurrence of low grade-UTUC on the same side as treated in OLYMPUS, and one patient underwent RNU due to ureteral stricture without evidence of UTUC at the time of surgery. No patient had progressed to high-grade disease. 
 
 We initiated our commercial launch of Jelmyto in the United States in June 2020. We have staffed, trained and prepared a customer-facing team comprising territory business managers with deep experience in both urology and oncology. These territory business managers are led by seven regional business managers. Each region is additionally supported by one to two clinical nurse educators to provide education and training around instillation, as well as a Field Reimbursement manager to help ensure access and reimbursement for appropriate patients. In addition, our organization includes seven medical science liaisons who appropriately engage with physicians interested in learning more about UroGen, Jelmyto and our technology, both in person and virtually. In total, our customer-facing team comprises approximately 80 representatives. 
 
 We are committed to helping patients access Jelmyto . Our market access teams have laid the foundation for coverage and reimbursement, meeting multiple times with payers. The majority of large commercial plans have policies in place, covering over 150 million lives. In addition to reimbursement and access, we have also been focused on ensuring seamless integration into physician practices. We have implemented processes to help make Jelmyto preparation and administration safe and seamless for practitioners and patients, including entering into an agreement with a major national pharmacy under which the pharmacy, following receipt of a patient prescription, prepares and dispenses the Jelmyto admixture on our behalf. In October 2020, a Medicare C-Code was issued for Jelmyto . The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services established a permanent and product-specific J-code for Jelmyto that took effect on January 1, 2021 and replaced the C-Code. We are also launching a registry to capture data and evaluate real world outcomes in patients with UTUC that have been or will be treated with Jelmyto. The purpose of the registry is to study the use of Jelmyto in clinical practice in the United States and address specific clinical questions. 
 
 Uro-Oncological Indications Targeted by Our Product Candidates 
 
 UGN-102 (mitomycin) for intravesical solution 
 
 UGN-102 is our sustained-release formulation of mitomycin that we are developing for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. It is administered locally using standard urinary procedures utilizing a catheter inserted into the bladder, and is designed to persist in the bladder despite urine flow and bladder movement. Once instilled, UGN-102 converts into gel form at body temperature. Subsequently, upon contact with urine, UGN-102 gradually dissolves and releases the active drug, mitomycin, over a period of several hours. In contrast, mitomycin in its current water-based formulation, is released at the time of first voiding, which is often less than an hour. We believe that the resulting significantly increased dwell time of mitomycin in the bladder prolongs exposure of mitomycin to the tumor tissue and therefore has the potential to chemoablate both visible and unseen tumors. 
 
 Bladder Cancer 
 
 The bladder is a hollow organ in the pelvis with flexible muscular walls. Its main function is to store urine before it leaves the body. Urine is produced by the kidneys and is then carried to the bladder through the upper urinary tract tubes, called ureters. The bladder wall has four main layers. The innermost lining is comprised of cells called urothelial or transitional cells, and this inner layer is called the urothelium or transitional epithelium. Beneath the urothelium, there is a layer called the lamina propria. Next is a thick layer of muscle called the muscularis propria followed by a layer of perivesical fat. 
 
 Bladder cancer accounts for approximately 90 to 95 of all new cases of urothelial cancer in the United States (annual US incidence 85,000, prevalence 748,000). Bladder cancer is nearly three to four times more common in men than women, and, is most commonly diagnosed in their 70s. Bladder cancers are described as non-muscle invasive or muscle-invasive based on how far into the wall of the bladder they have invaded. The physical extent and anatomic location of a tumor is described by clinical staging. The American Joint Committee on Cancer has established an accepted staging system called the tumor, nodes, metastasis, or TNM System. NMIBC includes the clinical stages Ta (papillary urothelial cancer confined to the urothelium), T1 (urothelial cancer invading the lamina propria) and CIS (carcinoma in situ, a form of high-grade NMIBC). NMIBC is associated with high rates of relapse following endoscopic surgery and treatment with aqueous adjuvant topical chemo and immunotherapy. Progression rates to muscle invasion approach 30-50 in patients with high-grade T1 disease associated with CIS. Patients with low-grade NMIBC are treated by chronic endoscopic resection of visible lesions, typically over a period of many years. Patients with low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC have frequent recurrences of disease that can be difficult to control using contemporary standards of care. Muscle-invasive bladder cancer ("MIBC") which is described as >T2 in the TNM U.C. system, is treated with systemic chemo- and/or immunotherapy followed by consolidative radiation therapy or bladder removal surgery (radical cystectomy) in patients with clinically organ-confined disease. Patients presenting with advanced/metastatic bladder cancer have a limited life expectancy. 

5

Table of Contents 

Low Grade Non-Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer 
 
 NMIBC can be characterized as low, intermediate, or high risk and can also be characterized as low- or high-grade. Low-grade, intermediate risk tumors are defined as having one of more of following characteristics: tumor larger than 3 cm, multiple tumors in the bladder and a recurrence in less than one year from the prior tumor. The standard of care for treating low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC patients is TURBT. TURBT is a surgical procedure for tumor removal usually conducted under general anesthesia in a hospital setting and may require an overnight stay. There are known risks associated with the surgical procedure itself, including bleeding, hospitalization and an increased risk of death in patients in their 60s and 70s. Moreover, TURBT s success is tied to the physician s ability to overcome challenges in properly identifying, reaching and resecting all tumors. No drugs have been approved by the FDA for the primary treatment of low-grade NMIBC. Efficacy of drug treatments has historically been limited due to challenges presented by bladder physiology, specifically the fact that urine is produced and voided frequently, thus diluting the concentration of the drug almost immediately and causing the excretion of the drug from the bladder at first urine voiding. A subset of low-grade NMIBC patients is at risk for frequent local recurrences. Due to lack of treatment options to reduce recurrences in these patients, they are managed with repeat TURBT for each subsequent recurrence. We estimate based upon a review of peer-reviewed and publicly available data that approximately 20 of the prevalent low-grade NMIBC population in the United States (80,000) may be described as intermediate risk in any given year. 

1. SEER, AUA/SUO joint guideline 2. Babjuk et al. European Urology (2019), Simon (2019), 3. Tobert et al Urology (2019), Rhijn et al Nature Urology (2016), 4. Bryan et al Ann R Coll Surg Engl (2010) 
 Adjuvant chemotherapy only used in 0-30 of U.S. eligible population 
 TURBT = trans urethral resection of bladder tumor 

Limitations of Current Therapies for Low-Grade Non-Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer 
 
 Tumor grade and stage are the most important variables for determining the likelihood of progression from NMIBC to MIBC. The three stages of NMIBC are: Ta (70 ), T1 (20 and CIS (10 ). Tumors are graded as low or high, and approximately 70 of NMIBC patients have a tumor that is classified as low-grade. Tumors classified as Ta and CIS are limited to the urothelial layer, and T1 tumors extend to the layer below, which is the lamina propria. 
 
 Recurrence, which occurs in approximately 80 of patients, is the primary threat for patients with low-grade NMIBC. Multiplicity, or number of tumors, tumor size and prior recurrence rate are the most important variables in determining the likelihood and potential severity of recurrence. The current standard of care for low-grade NMIBC is TURBT. The most common complications, risks and limitations of TURBT include: 

bleeding at the time of surgery that requires clot irrigation; 

infection of the bladder; 

injury to the urethra and bladder perforation with potential intra-abdominal leakage; 

reimplantation and cell migration; 

repeat TURBT procedures, which are necessary for approximately 10 of patients within three months; 

complete removal of tumor tissue often not being feasible; 

potential recurrence of up to 25 of the tumors at the original treatment site; and 

some tumors not being detectable. 

Post-operative adjuvant treatments for low-grade NMIBC, which are given to prevent reimplantation of the cancerous cells, consist primarily of chemotherapy in the case of low-grade tumors and immunotherapy in the case of high-grade tumors, and are administered intravesically via catheter. Adjuvant intravesical chemotherapy is used in low-grade tumors following TURBT in order to try to delay tumor recurrence but is not used as a chemoablation agent. The rationale is to expose tumors to high local drug concentrations while minimizing the systemic exposure, thereby enhancing the treatment effect and reducing the drug toxicity. In practice, in the U.S., adjuvant chemotherapy in this setting is only used in 0-30 of the eligible population. 

6

Table of Contents 

No drugs have been approved by the FDA for the primary treatment of low-grade NMIBC. Mitomycin is the drug used most often for intravesical chemotherapy in this patient population. It is used off-label as an adjuvant treatment in the post-operative setting for low-grade tumors with high risk of recurrence. Other drugs that have been used off-label include docetaxel and gemcitabine. 
 
 Our Solution: UGN-102 (mitomycin) for intravesical solution 
 
 We are evaluating the safety and efficacy of UGN-102, our novel sustained-release formulation of mitomycin for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. 
 
 In October 2021, we reported final data from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial. The single-arm, open label trial completed enrollment of 63 patients at clinical sites across the United States and Israel in September 2019. Patients were treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and underwent assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation; 65 , or 41 out of 63 patients, treated with UGN-102 achieved a complete response three months after the start of therapy. In this subset of patients, 39 (95 ), 30 (73 ), and 25 (61 remained disease-free at six, nine, and 12 months after treatment initiation, respectively. The probability of durable response nine months after CR (12 months after treatment initiation) was estimated to be 72.5 by Kaplan-Meier analysis. Thirteen patients had documented recurrences. Fifty-seven of 63 (90 patients completed all six instillations of UGN-102 according to the study protocol. Median duration of response was not reached. The most common adverse events, greater than 10 , were most often reported as mild to moderate in severity and include dysuria, hematuria, urinary frequency, fatigue, urgency and urinary tract infection. The final data was published online in The Journal of Urology in October 2021 and was included in the January 2022 print edition. 
 
 In December 2022 we presented new data from the OPTIMA II study designed to obtain long-term follow-up data on UGN-102 that shows median duration of response of 24.4 months based on available data for 15 out of 25 patients. Seven patients remained in CR, six patients had recurrence of low-grade disease, one patient had progression to high-grade disease and one patient withdrew consent but remained in CR at the last evaluation prior to discontinuation. All patients were alive at the last contact, and five patients were known to have had post-study treatment with transurethral resection of the bladder tumors or fulguration. 
 
 UGN-102 is administered locally using the standard practice of intravesical instillation directly into the bladder via a catheter. The instillation into the bladder is expected to take place in a physician s office as a non-operative outpatient treatment, in comparison with TURBT or similar surgical procedures, which are operations conducted under general anesthesia and may require an overnight stay. Complete surgical tumor removal often has limited success due to the inability to properly identify, reach and resect all tumors. We believe that an effective chemoablation agent can potentially provide better eradication of tumors irrespective of the detectability and location of the tumors. In addition, by removing the need for surgery, patients may avoid potential complications associated with surgery. 
 
 We initiated the Phase 3 ATLAS trial in December 2020 and until November 2021, were enrolling patients in this trial assessing UGN-102 with or without TURBT compared to standard of care (TURBT). In parallel, we continued to engage in discussions with the FDA and, based on this dialogue, we designed a trial in order to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of UGN-102. This Phase 3 ENVISION trial is a single-arm, multinational, multicenter study evaluating the efficacy and safety of UGN-102 as primary chemoablative therapy in patients with low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. The design of the Phase 3 ENVISION trial is similar to our Phase 2 OPTIMA II trial in that the patient population has similar clinical characteristics, receives the same investigational treatment regimen and undergoes similar efficacy and safety assessments and qualitative follow-up. Study participants receive six once-weekly intravesical instillations of UGN-102. The primary endpoint will evaluate the complete response rate at three months after the first instillation, and the key secondary endpoint will evaluate durability of response in patients who achieve complete response at the three-month assessment. 
 
 In February 2022, we announced the initiation of the Phase 3 ENVISION trial, targeting enrollment of 220 patients across 90 sites. In December 2022 we completed our target enrollment of the Phase 3 ENVISION trial. Assuming positive findings, we anticipate submitting an NDA for UGN-102 in 2024. As a result of the FDA's acceptance of a single arm approach, we have stopped enrollment of the Phase 3 ATLAS study. However, at the time enrollment was stopped, any patients who had signed an informed consent were able to complete screening, and if eligible were randomized into the trial. Clinical results from these patients are expected to generate additional safety and efficacy data and other insights in our evaluation of UGN-102 as a primary therapy in the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. 
 
 We also initiated a Phase 3b study with the objective of demonstrating whether UGN-102 can be administered at home by a qualified home health professional, avoiding the need for repeated visits to a healthcare setting for instillation. As per the study design, patients in this study received six once-weekly intravesical instillations of UGN-102 with the initial treatment visit occurring at the investigative site and instillation performed by a qualified physician. Treatment visits two to six took place at the patient's home and instillation was performed by a properly trained and qualified home health professional. The primary endpoints of the study include safety and tolerability, discontinuations from at home study treatment and feedback from patients, home health professionals and investigators via standardized questionnaires. The study completed enrollment with a total of eight patients across four centers and all study visits for these enrolled patients have been completed. We reported preliminary results in February 2023. The results found that UGN-102 was suitable to administer at home by a visiting nurse under the supervision of a treating physician and resulted in 75 of patients achieving a complete response, defined as no detectable disease three months after starting treatment. Patients, nurses and investigators also completed home instillation feasibility questionnaires. These standardized feasibility questionnaires highlighted that all eight patients preferred at-home to in-office treatment, and five of six patients recommended UGN-102 home instillation instead of TURBT. Home instillation was reported as feasible for visiting nurses, and three of four investigators considered at-home treatment not different than in-office treatment. We believe establishing the precedent for a convenient at home solution may facilitate access to care and address quality of life issues that certain patients may face with the current standard of care. 
 
 UGN-301 (zalifrelimab) intravesical solution 
 
 Our immuno-uro-oncology pipeline includes UGN-301 (zalifrelimab), an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, which we intend to study as a standalone agent and as a combination therapy with multiple potential agents. The first combination we are seeking to investigate clinically involves the sequential use of UGN-201 (imiquimod), a toll-like receptor-7 ("TLR 7") agonist, and UGN-301 in high-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer ("high-grade NMIBC"). UGN-301 is delivered using our proprietary RTGel technology, which has been designed to significantly improve the effectiveness of certain intravesical therapies. 

7

Table of Contents 

High-Grade Non-Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer 
 
 High-grade NMIBC is a highly aggressive form of bladder cancer. TURBT followed by adjuvant intravesical immunotherapy with Bacillus of Calmette and Guerin ("BCG") is the current standard of care therapy for high-grade NMIBC. However, the high rates of recurrence and significant risk of progression to muscle-invasive tumors are particularly dangerous. Radical cystectomy, or bladder removal is strongly advocated in patients with BCG-unresponsive NMIBC (i.e., patients with BCG-refractory and BCG-relapsing tumors in whom further BCG therapy is not recommended) or for patients who cannot tolerate BCG. Drugs such as Keytruda have been recently approved for the BCG refractory population. 

1. Nielsen, 2014 analysis of SEER data, 2. UroGen market research 

Limitations of Current Therapies for High-Grade NMIBC 
 
 O nly five drugs have been approve d for high-grade NMIBC, all used as adjuvant treatment: Thiotepa, which was approved in 1959, and is no longer used in practice; BCG, which was approved in 1989; Valstar (valrubicin), which was approved in 1998; Keytruda, which was approved by the FDA in 2020; and Adstiladrin, which was approved by the FDA in 2022 for BCG unresponsive CIS. BCG, an immunotherapy-based drug, is used as an adjuvant treatment for patients with high-grade NMIBC. Upon recurrence, which occurs in approximately 70 of patients, the patients undergo another round of BCG therapy with a response rate of approximately 30 . Radical cystectomy, or surgical removal of the bladder, is also a common treatment option for patients who fail multiple intravesical BCG therapies. However, treatment with BCG is associated with undesirable side effects (including local irritation, systemic symptoms of immune activation and a small but serious risk of systemic absorption leading to mycobacterial sepsis and death), as evidenced by a boxed warning on the label, which is a warning placed on a prescription drug s label by the FDA and is designed to call attention to serious or life-threatening risks. 
 
 Our Solution: UGN-301 (zalifrelimab) intravesical solution 
 
 We are exploring the use of immunotherapy for the treatment of high-grade NMIBC, and have pursued a series of nonclinical studies to determine whether our proprietary RTGel technology might provide a method for delivering highly potent immunomodulators directly to the bladder surface thereby avoiding toxicity associated with systemic administration. Our immuno-uro-oncology pipeline includes UGN-301, an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, which we intend to study as a single agent and as a combination therapy with multiple potential agents. The completion of non-human primate toxicity studies supported the initiation of a multi-arm Phase 1 study of UGN-301 in combination with other agents. We believe that this approach leverages our unique drug delivery technology and provides an opportunity to evaluate intravesical delivery of UGN-301 in combination with other immuno-modulators, chemotherapies, gene therapy and innate immune stimulators. 
 
 The first combination we are seeking to investigate clinically involves the sequential use of UGN-201 (imiquimod), a TLR 7 agonist, and UGN-301 in high-grade NMIBC. Toll-like receptors are pattern recognition receptors whose importance in stimulating innate and adaptive immunity has been established by recent studies. Toll-like receptors are able to sense microbial components as well as host-derived endogenous molecules released by injured tissues and play a critical role in defending against invading pathogens. Imiquimod, in its topical formulation, is FDA approved for several indications, including superficial basal cell carcinoma. UGN-201 is a liquid formulation of imiquimod for intravesical administration that has been optimized for delivery in the urinary tract. We believe that UGN-201 may elicit an adaptive immune response in the presence of released bladder cancer antigens, which may translate into a long lasting acquired immune response. We acquired UGN-201 from Telormedix SA, a private Swiss-based biotechnology company, in the fourth quarter of 2015. Telormedix conducted all of the previous studies related to UGN-201, including the Phase 1 and Phase 1b studies. We have obtained Orphan Drug Designation for UGN-201 for the treatment of CIS in the bladder. We have an active Investigational New Drug Application ("IND") for UGN-201, which has been effective since 2013. 
 
 We believe the combination of UGN-301 and UGN-201 could further increase the adaptive immune response and potentially represent a valid post-TURBT adjuvant treatment of high-grade NMIBC. UGN-301 is delivered using our proprietary RTGel technology, which has been designed to significantly improve the effectiveness of certain intravesical therapy. In November 2019, we entered into a worldwide license agreement with Agenus Inc. ("Agenus") to develop and commercialize zalifrelimab via intravesical delivery in combination with UGN-201 for the treatment of urinary tract cancers, initially in high-grade NMIBC. We believe that the combination treatment makes local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option while minimizing systemic exposure and potential side effects. 
 
 In March 2022, we announced FDA clearance of our IND to begin a novel Phase 1 clinical study of UGN-301 in patients with recurrent NMIBC. The novel study design utilizes a Master Protocol that we believe is a more efficient and streamlined approach to development. It will provide more flexibility to add study arms as the trial progresses and is expected to increase efficiency and potentially reduce costs. We expect the Master Protocol will allow us to more quickly evaluate safety, tolerability and dosing of UGN-301 in combination with additional immunomodulators and chemotherapies, with the goal of developing optimized treatment regimens for patients. The multi-arm Phase 1 study, which is expected to support the development of UGN-301 in high-grade NMIBC, was initiated in April 2022 and is actively enrolling. 

8

Table of Contents 

Research and Development and License Agreements 
 
 Agenus Agreement 
 
 In November 2019, we entered into a license agreement with Agenus, pursuant to which Agenus granted us an exclusive, worldwide (not including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Venezuela and their respective territories and possessions), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under Agenus s intellectual property rights to develop, make, use, sell, import, and otherwise commercialize products incorporating a proprietary monoclonal antibody of Agenus known as AGEN1884 (zalifrelimab), an anti-CTLA-4 antagonist, for the treatment of cancers of the urinary tract via intravesical delivery. UGN-301 is a formulation of zalifrelimab administered using RTGel technology that is in Phase 1 clinical development for high-grade NMIBC. 
 
 MD Anderson Agreement 
 
 In January 2021, we announced that we had entered into a three-year strategic research collaboration agreement with MD Anderson focusing on the sequential use of UGN-201 and UGN-301 as an investigational treatment for high-grade NMIBC. Pursuant to the agreement, as of December 31, 2022 we have made bi-annual payments totaling 2.0 million to MD Anderson to fund the collaboration, recognized evenly over the associated period through research and development expenses. In July 2022, we determined that we had achieved the objectives that we established when the agreement was initiated, and notified MD Anderson that we were exercising our right to conclude the collaboration in 2022 as we did not foresee initiating further development activities as part of the collaboration, although we will continue to collaborate on existing joint projects. As a result of this notification, we are not responsible for any further fixed bi-annual funding payments, although we will be responsible for costs related to existing joint projects that exceed the payments already made to MD Anderson. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 
 We believe our approved product and lead product candidates for uro-oncology, which are being developed by leveraging our expertise in drug development and our proprietary formulation technology, have the ability to replace the repetitive, costly, sub-optimal and burdensome tumor resection procedures that represent the current standards of care. Furthermore, we believe our proprietary formulation technology has broad applications and may allow us to develop additional product candidates for indications within and beyond the urinary tract. 

9

Table of Contents 

Potential ability to develop additional minimally invasive, drug therapies for uro-oncology . Leveraging our innovative formulation technology, we developed Jelmyto , our first commercial product and UGN-102, our lead product candidate, as potential replacements to treatment for low-grade UTUC and low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC, respectively. Jelmyto is a chemoablation agent designed to overcome the challenges posed by the anatomy of the urinary tract by increasing the dwell time and enhancing the tissue coverage of mitomycin. UGN-102 is also being developed as a chemoablative therapy that may provide a non-invasive durable treatment option for patients. Clinical data generated to date supports our belief that our approved product and lead product candidate may provide new therapeutic options to the current surgical procedures, providing chemoablation treatment that has the potential to better eradicate tumors irrespective of their detectability and location within the urinary tract. 
 
 Expertise in developing proprietary formulations of drugs for clinical benefit. We focus on developing proprietary RTGel formulations of previously approved drugs and novel therapeutics which we are investigating, whose efficacy for a particular indication is limited by current formulations or routes of administration. Our expertise has enabled us to develop proprietary RTGel -based formulations for previously approved drugs and drugs in clinical development, including clinical stage proprietary formulations of mitomycin, zalifrelimab and others. Our formulations are designed to significantly increase the dwell time and exposure of the drugs to the target sites and limit the need for urine retention, potentially providing enhanced clinical activity, reduced patient burden and increased patient compliance over existing formulations and modes of administration. We have a strong research and development team to advance our product candidates. 
 
 Streamlined development risks and efficiencies for our pipeline product candidates. Jelmyto was approved with the FDA s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, which provides a streamlined, capital efficient pathway when compared to traditional drug development. We also expect to use the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for our second product candidate, UGN-102. Furthermore, Jelmyto and UGN-201 have received Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA for the treatment of low-grade UTUC and CIS, respectively, which provides seven years of regulatory exclusivity following FDA approval. 
 
 Leverageable proprietary formulation technology. We believe that RTGel has multiple potential applications beyond urology. Our formulation know-how may enable us to develop different drug formulations to facilitate the delivery, retention and sustained release of active drugs to a variety of targeted body cavities. We believe that our proprietary formulation technology can improve the efficacy of locally administered drugs in body cavities that present anatomical and physiological challenges related to frequent wash out, rapid excretion and bodily secretions. 
 
 Strong intellectual property position. We have a robust intellectual property portfolio that includes 42 granted patents worldwide and more than 45 pending patent applications filed in the US, Europe, Israel, Japan, Canada, China, Mexico and Australia. In the United States, we currently have 19 granted patents that are directed to protect our approved product, Jelmyto and our lead product candidate, UGN-102, a proprietary RTGel technology, various local compositions comprising different active ingredients, inter alia compositions comprising a Botulinum Toxin, UGN-201, UGN-302 (the sequential use of UGN-201 and UGN-301) and our future product candidates that are under company research. These patents claim methods, combination products and novel compositions for treating different diseases, especially cancer in internal cavities, in particular urinary tract cancer. Our issued patents are set to expire between 2024 and 2037. 
 
 Experienced and accomplished leadership team with proven track record. We have an experienced management team, with each member possessing deep experience in the biotechnology and related industries. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Liz Barrett was CEO of Novartis Oncology and a member of the Executive Committee of Novartis. She previously served as Global President of Oncology at Pfizer Inc. At Pfizer, she held numerous leadership positions, including President of Global Innovative Pharma for Europe, President of the Specialty Care Business Unit for North America, and President of United States Oncology. Prior to Pfizer, she was Vice President and General Manager of the Oncology Business Unit at Cephalon Inc. Ms. Barrett also worked at Johnson Johnson. In addition, our Chairman, Arie Belldegrun, M.D., is a seasoned biotech executive and was the founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Kite Pharma, Inc., which was sold to Gilead Sciences, Inc. Dr. Belldegrun is also a urologist by training. We believe that our leadership team is well-positioned to lead us through clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization for our product candidates. 
 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 
 We are a biotechnology company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative solutions that treat urothelial and specialty cancers. Some key growth drivers are as follows: 
 
 Establish our approved product, Jelmyto, as standard of care in low-grade UTUC. 
 
 We secured FDA approval of Jelmyto in April 2020 and launched in June 2020. Our current priority is to continue our efforts to ensure the successful commercialization of Jelmyto and to establish Jelmyto as standard of care in low-grade UTUC. 
 
 Advance our product candidate UGN-102 and establish it as the first primary non-surgical chemoablative therapy in its target indication following regulatory approval. 
 
 We submitted an IND for UGN-102 in June 2018. In November 2020 we reported final topline data from an open-label, single-arm Phase 2b clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of UGN-102 for the treatment of patients with low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. UGN-102 is currently in a Phase 3 trial. We believe that UGN-102 has the potential to be a new therapeutic option for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC patients, if approved. 

10

Table of Contents 

Expand our uro-oncology product pipeline. 
 
 We believe that UGN-301 in combination with other potential agents could represent an option for the post-TURBT adjuvant treatment of high-grade NMIBC. In November 2019, we entered into a worldwide license agreement with Agenus to develop and commercialize zalifrelimab, an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, via intravesical delivery. We believe that the combination treatment makes local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option while minimizing systemic exposure and potential side effects. 
 
 Utilize our proprietary technology to expand our pipeline to other body cavities and indications. 
 
 We believe that RTGel may be suitable for multiple additional applications. Our know-how may enable us to develop different drug formulations to facilitate the delivery, retention, increased dwell time and sustained release of active drugs to a variety of targeted body cavities. In the future, we may also choose to develop our RTGel technology in combination with other drugs to treat cancer and other indications endemic to such body cavities. 
 
 Evaluate and selectively pursue potential collaborations in specialty oncology, uro-oncology and urology as well as to develop improved formulations and RTGel product life-cycle management strategies. 
 
 We are focused on driving growth through business development and geographic footprint expansion focusing on sustained nearer-term revenue growth, innovation, high unmet need and cost-effective value creation. We are seeking potential partnerships with leading academic institutions as well as other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Such collaborations may allow us to obtain financial support and to capitalize on the expertise and resources of our potential partners, which could allow for new and improved versions of approved or clinical stage drugs and could accelerate the development and commercialization of additional product candidates. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our patent estate includes patents and patent applications with claims directed to our approved product, Jelmyto and our lead product candidate, UGN-102, a proprietary RTGel technology, various local compositions comprising different active ingredients, inter alia compositions comprising a Botulinum Toxin, UGN-201, UGN-302 (the sequential use of UGN-201 and UGN-301) and our future product candidates that are under company research. 
 
 In the United States, we currently have 19 granted patents that are directed to protect our approved product, Jelmyto and our lead product candidate, UGN-102, a proprietary RTGel technology, various local compositions comprising different active ingredients, inter alia compositions comprising a Botulinum Toxin, UGN-201 and our future product candidates that are under company research. These patents claim methods, combination products and novel compositions for treating different diseases, especially cancer in internal cavities, in particular urinary tract cancer. These issued patents are set to expire between 2024 and 2037. In total, our IP portfolio includes 42 granted patents worldwide, and more than 45 pending patent applications filed in the US, Europe, Israel, Japan, Canada, China, Mexico and Australia that are directed to cover various methods, systems and compositions for treating cancer locally, by intravesical means, utilize various active ingredients and the combinations thereof. These patent applications, if issued, are set to expire between 2031 and 2041. 
 
 As noted earlier, companies are required as part of the NDA submission process to list patents with the FDA whose claims cover the applicant s product. Accordingly, we have listed two patents for Jelmyto in the FDA s Orange Book upon approval of Jelmyto for commercial sale, as part of the NDA process. 
 
 Our worldwide intellectual property portfolio includes patents and patent applications filed in many jurisdictions such as the US, Europe, Israel, Japan, Canada, China and Australia of which are expected to remain in effect until 2037: 

Hydrogel-based pharmaceutical compositions for optimal delivery of various therapeutic agents to internal cavities such as the bladder and/or urinary tract. 

The method for treating bladder cancer, upper urinary tract cancer and urothelial cancer using hydrogel-based compositions. 

The method for treating overactive bladder and interstitial cystitis topically without a need for injections in the bladder wall. 

Special catheters and in-dwelling ureter-catheter systems for optimal delivery of a drug into the renal cavity. 

Pharmaceutical compositions comprising an imidazoquinolin-amine (specifically imiquimod) for treating bladder cancer diseases. 

Composition comprising immunomodulators such as anti-PD1 and/or anti-CTLA4 for topical/intravesical administration as a monotherapy or a combo-therapy. 

Novel phospholipid drug analogs (new chemical entities) for treating cancer or infections. 

Hydrogel for removal ureteral and renal stones. 

In addition to patents, we have filed applications for trademark registration with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the "USPTO"), as well as certain other international jurisdictions for Jelmyto , RTGel , UroGen and Cystoject and for certain other tradenames and logos. In addition, we have a registered trademark in the U.S. covering a stylized design of our UroGen Pharmaceutical logo. 

11

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, we rely upon trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. Preparing and filing patent applications is a joint endeavor of our research and development team and our in-house and external patent attorneys. Our patent attorneys conduct patent prior-art searches and then analyze the data in order to provide our research and development team with recommendations on a routine basis. This results in: 

protecting our product candidates that are under development; 

encouraging pharmaceutical companies to negotiate development agreements with us; and 

preventing competitors from attempting to design-around our inventions. 

Competition 
 
 We are developing products for patients with low-grade UTUC, low-grade NMIBC and high-grade NMIBC. 
 
 Prior to Jelmyto , there were no approved drugs used to treat the low-grade UTUC. Tumor resection surgeries are conducted in some cases of low-grade UTUC; however, complete kidney and upper urinary tract removal is the standard of care for recurring UTUC. We are aware of a company called Steba Biotech with an IND granted in December 2020 who has initiated a Phase 3 study of padeliporfin ImPACT for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade and unifocal high-grade UTUC in the first quarter of 2021. In January 2023, SURGE Therapeutics received FDA clearance on an IND to proceed with a Phase 1/2a study of its SURGERx platform with resiquimod for prevention of recurrence and/or progression after TURBT in NMIBC, previously diagnosed with high-grade disease and experience recurrence. We do not know whether other competitors in the NMIBC space are already developing, or plan to develop, UTUC treatments. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in this industry. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis, products that are more effective, easier to administer or less costly than our product candidates. 
 
 The standard of care for treating low-grade NMIBC is repeated TURBT procedures. While effective, patients with low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC experience frequent recurrences and repeated surgical procedures. Mitomycin is sometimes used off-label as adjuvant treatment in the post-TURBT setting for low-grade NMIBC patients. However, off-label usage as a standard of care does not change the FDA s approval criteria and does not suggest that FDA approval is more likely than for other investigational drugs. Companies such as Janssen and Lipac are conducting, or have recently conducted clinical trials for product candidates for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. 
 
 The standard of care for treating high-grade NMIBC patients is the TURBT procedure for papillary tumor resection, followed by post-operative adjuvant BCG. In the case of high-grade disease without papillary tumor (CIS), BCG is used alone as primary therapy. BCG was approved by the FDA in 1989, since its approval, only three other drugs were approved for high-grade NMIBC: Valstar, approved by the FDA in 1998; Keytruda, approved by the FDA in 2020; and Adstiladrin, approved by the FDA in 2022 for BCG unresponsive CIS. Valstar is indicated for patients with CIS that do not respond to BCG treatment and is rarely used. Keytruda was approved for CIS with or without papillary involvement for patients who do not respond to BCG treatment. It remains to be seen whether the broader urology community will adopt a systemic infused immunotherapy into their clinical management of BCG unresponsive NMIBC. In addition to these approved options, off-label intravesical chemotherapy can be used (such as gemcitabine and cisplatin). If the disease can no longer be controlled, patients will typically proceed to cystectomy, or surgical removal of the bladder, to prevent progression to muscle invasive and metastatic disease. There are several products in the development pipeline, most of which are treatments targeted for high-grade NMIBC patients who have failed BCG treatment and are facing cystectomy. 
 
 We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies that are developing drugs in the fields of urology and uro-oncology, such as AADi, LLC, Biocancell Ltd., Bristol Myers Squibb, FKD Therapies Oy, GSK, ImmunityBio, Janssen, Merck Sharp Dohme Corp., Roche, Samyang biopharma, Seagen Inc., Sesen Bio, Steba Biotech Ltd., SURGE Therapeutics, Viralytics Limited, and Vyriad. Steba Biotech was granted an IND in December 2020, and has initiated a Phase 3 study of padeliporfin ImPACT for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade and unifocal high-grade UTUC in the first quarter of 2021. SURGE Therapeutics received clearance for an IND application in January 2023 to proceed with a Phase 1/2a study of SURGERx with resiquimod, for prevention of recurrence and/or progression after TURBT in NMIBC, previously diagnosed with high-grade disease and experience recurrence. We are also aware that other companies, such as Janssen and Lipac, are conducting, or have recently conducted clinical trials for product candidates for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. In addition, we face competition from existing standards of treatment, surgical tumor resection procedures. If we are not able to demonstrate that our product candidates are at least as safe and effective as such courses of treatment, medical professionals may not adopt our product candidates in replacement of the existing standard of care. 
 
 The biotechnology industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our potential competitors include large and experienced companies that enjoy significant competitive advantages over us, such as greater financial, research and development, manufacturing, personnel and marketing resources, greater brand recognition, and more experience and expertise in obtaining marketing approvals from the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. These companies may develop new drugs to treat the indications that we target or seek to have existing drugs approved for use for the treatment of the indications that we target. 
 
 These potential competitors may therefore introduce competing products without our prior knowledge and without our ability to take preemptive measures in anticipation of their commercial launch. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in this industry. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or exclusively licensing products that are more effective, easier to administer or less costly than our product candidates. 

12

Table of Contents 

Government Regulation 
 
 The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical products. These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate research and development activities and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, packaging, recordkeeping, tracking, approval, import, export, distribution, advertising and promotion of our products. 
 
 The process required by the FDA before product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

nonclinical laboratory and animal tests that must be conducted in accordance with good laboratory practices ("GLPs"); 

submission of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an independent institutional review board ("IRB"), for each clinical site or centrally before each trial may be initiated; 

adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed product candidate for its intended use, performed in accordance with good clinical practices ("GCPs"); 

submission to the FDA of an NDA; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

pre-approval inspection of manufacturing facilities and selected clinical investigators for their compliance with current good manufacturing practices ("cGMP") and GCPs; and 

FDA approval of an NDA to permit commercial marketing for particular indications for use. 

The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources. Nonclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of drug substance chemistry, pharmacology, toxicity and drug product formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. Prior to commencing the first clinical trial with a product candidate, we must submit the results of the nonclinical tests and nonclinical literature, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some nonclinical studies may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial by imposing a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND may not result in FDA authorization to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development, as well as amendments to previously submitted clinical trials. Further, an independent IRB for each study site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial, its informed consent form and other communications to study subjects before the clinical trial commences at that site. The IRB must continue to oversee the clinical trial while it is being conducted, including any changes to the study plans. Regulatory authorities, an IRB or the sponsor may suspend or discontinue a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk, the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the FDA s or the IRB s requirements, if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to subjects, or based on evolving business objectives or competitive climate. Some studies also include a data safety monitoring board, which receives special access to unblinded data during the clinical trial and may advise us to halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. 
 
 In general, for purposes of NDA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. 

Phase 1 Studies are initially conducted to test the product candidate for safety, dosage tolerance, structure-activity relationships, mechanism of action, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion in healthy volunteers or subjects with the target disease or condition. If possible, Phase 1 trials may also be used to gain an initial indication of product effectiveness. 

Phase 2 Controlled studies are conducted with groups of subjects with a specified disease or condition to provide enough data to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and expanded evidence of safety. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3 These clinical trials are undertaken in larger subject populations to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety in an expanded subject population at multiple clinical trial sites. Evidence is considered to be statistically significant when the probability of the result occurring by random chance, rather than from the efficacy of the treatment, is sufficiently low. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. These trials may be done globally to support global registrations so long as the global sites are also representative of the U.S. population and the conduct of the study at global sites comports with FDA regulations and guidance, such as compliance with GCPs. 

13

Table of Contents 

The FDA may require, or companies may pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved. These so-called Phase 4 studies may be made a condition to be satisfied after approval. The results of Phase 4 studies can confirm the effectiveness of a product candidate and can provide important safety information. 
 
 Clinical trials must be conducted under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which includes the requirements that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial, and the review and approval of the study by an IRB. Investigators must also provide information to the clinical trial sponsors to allow the sponsors to make specified financial disclosures to the FDA. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the trial procedures, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the efficacy criteria to be evaluated and a statistical analysis plan. Information about some clinical trials, including a description of the trial and trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their ClinicalTrials.gov website. 
 
 The manufacture of investigational drugs for the conduct of human clinical trials is subject to cGMP requirements. Investigational drugs and active pharmaceutical ingredients imported into the United States are also subject to regulation by the FDA relating to their labeling and distribution. Further, the export of investigational drug products outside of the United States is subject to regulatory requirements of the receiving country as well as U.S. export requirements under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act ("FDCA"). Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and the IRB and more frequently if serious adverse events ("SAEs") occur. 
 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 
 505(b)(2) Regulatory Approval Process 
 
 Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA ("505(b)(2)"), provides an alternate regulatory pathway to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved drug products. Specifically, 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. The applicant may rely upon the FDA s prior findings of safety and efficacy for an approved product that acts as the reference listed drug for purposes of a 505(b)(2) NDA. The FDA may also require 505(b)(2) applicants to perform additional studies or measurements to support any changes from the reference listed drug. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the labeled indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. 
 
 Orange Book Listing 
 
 Section 505 of the FDCA describes three types of marketing applications that may be submitted to the FDA to request marketing authorization for a new drug. A Section 505(b)(1) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and efficacy. A 505(b)(2) NDA is an application that contains full reports of investigations of safety and efficacy, but where at least some of the information required for approval comes from investigations that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. This regulatory pathway enables the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s prior findings of safety and efficacy for an existing product, or published literature, in support of its application. Section 505(j) establishes an abbreviated approval process for a generic version of approved drug products through the submission of an abbreviated new drug application ("ANDA"). An ANDA provides for marketing of a generic drug product that has the same active ingredients, dosage form, strength, route of administration, labeling, performance characteristics and intended use, among other things, to a previously approved product. ANDAs are termed abbreviated because they are generally not required to include nonclinical and clinical data to establish safety and efficacy. Instead, generic applicants must scientifically demonstrate that their product is bioequivalent to, or performs in the same manner as, the innovator drug through in vitro , in vivo or other testing. The generic version must deliver the same amount of active ingredients into a subject s bloodstream in the same amount of time as the innovator drug and under Part D, can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the reference listed drug. 
 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, applicants are required to list patents with the FDA which claims cover the applicant s product. The patents chosen as part of this submission do not reflect the entire patent estate or set of product protections associated with this product, which may provide various protections beyond the patents submitted in the NDA application. Upon approval of an NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, also known as the Orange Book. These products may be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA. 

14

Table of Contents 

Any applicant who submits an ANDA seeking approval of a generic equivalent version of a drug listed in the Orange Book or a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing a drug listed in the Orange Book must certify to the FDA that (1) no patent information on the drug product that is the subject of the application has been submitted to the FDA; (2) such patent has expired; (3) the date on which such patent expires; or (4) such patent is invalid or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted. This last certification is known as a Paragraph IV certification. Generally, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA cannot be approved until all listed patents have expired, except where the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant challenges a listed patent through a Paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents or does not indicate that it is not seeking approval of a patented method of use, the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA application will not be approved until all of the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 
 
 If the competitor has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the competitor must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the holder of the NDA for the reference listed drug and the patent owner once the application has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA holder or patent owner may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification prevents the FDA from approving the application until the earlier of 30 months from the date of the lawsuit, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant, or such shorter or longer period as may be ordered by a court. This prohibition is generally referred to as the 30-month stay. In instances where an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA applicant files a Paragraph IV certification, the NDA holder or patent owner regularly takes action to trigger the 30-month stay, recognizing that the related patent litigation may take many months or years to resolve. Thus, approval of an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA could be delayed for a significant period of time depending on the patent certification the applicant makes and the reference drug sponsor s decision to initiate patent litigation. The applicant may also elect to submit a statement certifying that its proposed label does not contain, or carves out, any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. 
 
 Exclusivity 
 
 The FDA provides periods of regulatory exclusivity, which provides the holder of an approved NDA limited protection from new competition in the marketplace for the innovation represented by its approved drug for a period of three or five years following the FDA s approval of the NDA. Five years of exclusivity are available to New Chemical Entities ("NCEs"). An NCE is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. An active moiety is the molecule or ion, excluding those appended portions of the molecule that cause the drug to be an ester, salt, including a salt with hydrogen or coordination bonds, or other noncovalent, or not involving the sharing of electron pairs between atoms, derivatives, such as a complex (i.e., formed by the chemical interaction of two compounds), chelate (i.e., a chemical compound), or clathrate (i.e., a polymer framework that traps molecules), of the molecule, responsible for the therapeutic activity of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review or approve an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company that contains the previously approved active moiety. An ANDA or 505(b)(2) application, however, may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. 
 
 If a product is not eligible for the NCE exclusivity, it may be eligible for three years of exclusivity. Three-year exclusivity is available to the holder of an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, for a particular condition of approval, or change to a marketed product, such as a new formulation for a previously approved product, if one or more new clinical trials, other than bioavailability or bioequivalence trials, was essential to the approval of the application and was conducted or sponsored by the applicant. This three-year exclusivity period protects against FDA approval of ANDAs and 505(b)(2) NDAs for the condition of the new drug s approval. As a general matter, three-year exclusivity does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for generic versions of the original, unmodified drug product. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA; however, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the nonclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 
 
 The Orphan Drug Act 
 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant Orphan Drug Designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Orphan Drug Designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants Orphan Drug Designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan Drug Designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular disease with FDA Orphan Drug Designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the United States for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of Orphan Drug Designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee. 

15

Table of Contents 

Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 
 The FDA is required to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition for which there is no effective treatment, and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new product candidate may request the FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a Fast Track product concurrent with or after the submission of the IND for the product candidate. The FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations within 60 days after receipt of the sponsor s request. 
 
 For Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy products, the sponsor may have more frequent interactions with the FDA and the FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy product s NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides and the FDA approves a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing a Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. In addition, the Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. A Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designated product candidate would ordinarily meet the FDA s criteria for priority review. 
 
 Drug products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval, which means that they may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA generally requires that a sponsor of a drug product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials to verify the clinical benefit in relationship to the surrogate endpoint or ultimate outcome in relationship to the clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. The FDA may withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. 
 
 NDA Submission and Review by the FDA 
 
 Assuming successful completion of the required clinical and nonclinical testing, among other items, the results of product development, including chemistry, manufacture and controls, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA, along with proposed labeling, as part of an NDA. The submission of an NDA requires payment of a substantial user fee to the FDA. These user fees must be paid at the time of the first submission of the application, even if the application is being submitted on a rolling basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in some circumstances. One basis for a waiver of the application user fee is if the applicant employs fewer than 500 employees, including employees of affiliates, the applicant does not have an approved marketing application for a product that has been introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce, and the applicant, including its affiliates, is submitting its first marketing application. 
 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act ("PREA"), an NDA or supplement to an NDA for a new active ingredient, indication, dosage form, dosage regimen or route of administration must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. 
 
 The FDA may refer applications for drugs that contain active ingredients that have not previously been approved by the FDA or drugs which present difficult questions of safety, purity or potency to an advisory committee. An advisory committee is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts who review, evaluate and make a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 
 The FDA reviews applications to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether the manufacturing controls are adequate to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities, including contract manufacturers and subcontracts, are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs. 

16

Table of Contents 

Once the FDA receives an application, it has 60 days to review the NDA to determine if it is substantially complete to permit a substantive review, before it accepts the application for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. The FDA s NDA review times may differ based on whether the application is a standard review or priority review application. The FDA may give a priority review designation to drugs that are intended to treat serious conditions and provide significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of serious conditions. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act ("PDUFA"), the FDA has set the review goal of 10 months from the 60-day filing date to complete its initial review of a standard NDA for a New Molecular Entity ("NME") and make a decision on the application. For non-NME standard applications, the FDA has set the review goal of 10 months from the submission date to complete its initial review and to make a decision on the application. For priority review applications, the FDA has set the review goal of reviewing NME NDAs within six months of the 60-day filing date and non-NME applications within six months of the submission date. Such deadlines are referred to as the PDUFA date. The PDUFA date is only a goal and the FDA does not always meet its PDUFA dates. The review process and the PDUFA date may also be extended if the FDA requests or the NDA sponsor otherwise provides additional information or clarification regarding the submission. 
 
 Once the FDA s review of the application is complete, the FDA will issue either a Complete Response Letter ("CRL"), or approval letter. A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application is not ready for approval. A CRL generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA and may require additional clinical or nonclinical testing, or other information or analyses in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. The FDA has the goal of reviewing 90 of application resubmissions in either two or six months of the resubmission date, depending on the kind of resubmission. Even with the submission of additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 
 
 The FDA may delay or refuse approval of an NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms. For example, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy ("REMS"), as a condition of approval or following approval to mitigate any identified or suspected serious risks and ensure safe use of the drug. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product, or impose additional post-marketing requirements, based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements, FDA notification and FDA review and approval. Further, should new safety information arise, additional testing, product labeling or FDA notification may be required. 
 
 If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed or may include contraindications, warnings or precautions in the product labeling, which has resulted in a boxed warning. The FDA also may not approve the inclusion of labeling claims necessary for successful marketing. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. In addition, the FDA may require Phase 4 post-marketing studies to monitor the effect of approved products and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 
 Post-approval Requirements 
 
 Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including manufacturing, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising, promotion, drug shortage reporting, compliance with any post-approval requirements imposed as a conditional of approval such as Phase 4 clinical trials, REMS and surveillance, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including adverse experiences. 
 
 After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing annual program user fee requirements for any approved products, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. Drug manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and to list their drug products and are subject to periodic announced and unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMPs and other requirements, which impose procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations and other FDA regulatory requirements. 
 
 Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented, or FDA notification. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMPs and specifications and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 

17

Table of Contents 

Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in withdrawal of marketing approval, mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information or other limitations, imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program, among other consequences. 
 
 The FDA closely regulates the marketing and promotion of drugs. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA. Physicians, in their independent professional medical judgement, may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. We, however, are prohibited from marketing or promoting drugs for uses outside of the approved labeling but may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the product s approved labeling. 
 
 In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products, including samples, is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act ("PDMA"), which regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level, and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. The Drug Supply Chain Security Act also imposes obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products related to product tracking and tracing. 
 
 Failure to comply with any of the FDA s requirements could result in significant adverse enforcement actions. These include a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as refusal to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold or termination of clinical trials, warning letters, untitled letters, cyber letters, modification of promotional materials or labeling, product recalls, product seizures or detentions, refusal to allow imports or exports, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, debarment, injunctions, fines, consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, refusals of government contracts and new orders under existing contracts, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. Any of these sanctions could result in adverse publicity, among other adverse consequences. 
 
 O ther Healthcare Regulations 
 
 Our business activities, including but not limited to, research, sales, promotion, distribution, medical education and other activities following product approval will be subject to regulation by numerous regulatory and law enforcement authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including potentially the Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS"), and its various divisions, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ("CMS"), and the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense and state and local governments. Our business activities must comply with numerous federal, state, and foreign healthcare laws and regulations, including those described below. 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, the referral of an individual for, or purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of, any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, by Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value, including unlawful financial inducements paid to prescribers and beneficiaries, as well as impermissible promotional practices. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, but the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Additionally, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively the "ACA"), amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or the specific intent to violate it, to have violated the statute. The ACA also provided that a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is grounds for the government or a whistleblower to assert that a claim for payment of items or services resulting from such violation constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 
 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or for approval by, the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. 
 
 The civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. 

18

Table of Contents 

As a condition of receiving Medicaid coverage for prescription drugs, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires manufacturers to calculate and report to CMS their Average Manufacturer Price ("AMP"), which is used to determine rebate payments shared between the states and the federal government and, for some multiple source drugs, Medicaid payment rates for the drug, and for drugs paid under Medicare Part B, to also calculate and report their average sales price, which is used to determine the Medicare Part B payment rate for the drug. In January 2016, CMS issued a final rule regarding the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, effective April 1, 2016, that, among other things, revises the manner in which the AMP is to be calculated by manufacturers participating in the program and implements certain amendments to the Medicaid rebate statute created under the ACA. On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s AMP for single source and innovator multiple source drugs beginning January 1, 2024. Drugs that are approved under a biologics license application ("BLA"), or an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, are subject to an additional requirement to calculate and report the manufacturer s best price for the drug and inflation penalties which can substantially increase rebate payments. For BLA and NDA drugs, the Veterans Health Care Act requires manufacturers to calculate and report to the Department of Veterans Affairs a different price called the Non-Federal AMP, offer the drugs for sale on the Federal Supply Schedule, and charge the government no more than a statutory price referred to as the Federal Ceiling Price, which includes an inflation penalty. A separate law requires manufacturers to pay rebates on these drugs when paid by the Department of Defense under its TRICARE Retail Pharmacy Program. Knowingly submitting false pricing information to the government could result in significant penalties and creates potential federal civil False Claims Act liability. 
 
 The Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), created additional federal civil and criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including public and private payors, or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of whether the payor is public or private, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a health care benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. The ACA amended the federal health care fraud criminal statute implemented under HIPAA so that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute, or the specific intent to violate it, to have violated the statute. 
 
 Additionally, the federal Open Payments program pursuant to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under Section 6002 of the ACA and its implementing regulations, require some manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with specified exceptions) to report annually information related to specified payments or other transfers of value provided to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, such professionals and teaching hospitals and to report annually specified ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and their implementing regulations, impose requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on HIPAA covered entities, which include certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, and their business associates as well as their covered subcontractors, including mandatory contractual terms and the implementation of certain safeguards of such information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, may not have the same effect and may not be preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 Many states have also adopted laws similar to each of the above federal laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor, including commercial insurers. In addition, we may be subject to certain analogous foreign healthcare laws. We may also be subject to state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, and/or state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to marketing expenditures or payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, and drug pricing. Certain state and local laws also require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. 
 
 Enforcement actions can be brought by federal or state governments or, in some cases, as qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government. Depending on the circumstances, failure to comply with these laws can result in significant penalties, including criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, debarment from government contracts, imprisonment, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, exclusion from government programs, refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

19

Table of Contents 

Coverage and Reimbursement 
 
 Our ability to commercialize any products successfully, including Jelmyto, UGN-102 and our other product candidates, if approved, also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products, once approved, and related treatments will be available from third-party payors, such as government health administration authorities, private health insurers and managed care organizations. Third-party payors determine which medications they will cover and separately establish reimbursement levels. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the third-party payor s reimbursement rates may not be adequate to make the product affordable to patients or profitable to us, or the third-party payors may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. Additionally, reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; safe, effective and medically necessary; appropriate for the specific patient; cost-effective; and neither experimental nor investigational. 
 Obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our products to the payor. 
 Further, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 In the United States, decisions about reimbursement for new medicines under Medicare are made by CMS, as the administrator for the Medicare program. Private third-party payors often use CMS as a model for their coverage and reimbursement decisions,but also have their own methods and approval process apart from CMS s determinations. Our experience to date has demonstrated coverage with CMS and commercial payors for Jelmyto, and we have established written policies with certain commercial providers. For example, in October 2020, a Medicare C-Code was issued for Jelmyto and we obtained pass-through status, which expires in 2023. We continue to engage with CMS in relation to ongoing pass-through status. CMS has established a permanent and product-specific J-code for Jelmyto that took effect on January 1, 2021. 
 Additionally, coverage policies and reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for any of our products or product candidates that receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Government authorities and other third-party payors are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs, such as by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices as a condition of coverage, are using restrictive formularies and preferred drug lists to leverage greater discounts in competitive classes and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Further, no uniform policy for determining coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 
 We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, that the level of reimbursement will be adequate. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or if reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 
 Healthcare Reform Measures 
 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals designed to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 
 For example, in March 2010, the ACA was passed, which has changed health care financing by both governmental and private insurers and significantly affected the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for specified branded prescription drugs, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, expanded health care fraud and abuse laws, revised the methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers to the state and federal government for covered outpatient drugs under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated, imposed an additional rebate similar to an inflation penalty on new formulations of drugs, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to Medicaid managed care organizations, expanded the 340B program, which caps the price at which manufacturers can sell covered outpatient pharmaceuticals to specified hospitals, clinics and community health centers, and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research. 
 
 There have been judicial and Congressional challenges, as well as efforts by the Trump Administration to repeal or replace certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 

20

Table of Contents 

Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional U.S. Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In addition, in January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several categories of healthcare providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 
 Further, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several U.S. Presidential executive orders. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation at the federal and state levels designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, on November 15, 2021, President Biden signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. Beginning on January 1, 2023, manufacturers will be required to pay quarterly refunds to CMS for discarded amounts of certain single-dose container and single-use package drugs payable under part B of the Medicare program. Refunds are based on the discarded volume above 10 of the total allowed amount. However, in unique circumstances, CMS will increase the applicable threshold to 35 . At this time, CMS has determined that Jelmyto fits within this unique circumstance classification. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. On October 14, 2022, the Biden administration released an additional executive order directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Additional health reform measures may continue and affect our business in unknown ways. 
 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the companies to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the companies, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 
 Foreign Regulation 
 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our products to the extent we choose to develop or sell any products outside of the United States. The approval process varies from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that required to obtain FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 
 
 Manufacturing, Supply and Production 
 
 We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of our product candidates, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We currently rely on third-party contract manufacturers for all of our required raw materials, active ingredients and finished products for our nonclinical research and clinical trials. We have signed commercial supply agreements for Jelmyto with its primary third-party vendors. We are in the process of negotiating commercial supply agreements for product candidate UGN-102 with its primary third-party vendors. We anticipate that these agreements will be executed in advance of the potential FDA approval of UGN-102. We also intend to negotiate, and have negotiated in certain instances, back-up supply agreements with other third-party manufacturers for the commercial production of any approved products, including Jelmyto , and UGN-102 if approved. 

21

Table of Contents 

Development and commercial quantities of any products that we develop will need to be manufactured in facilities, and by processes, that comply with the requirements of the FDA and the regulatory agencies of other jurisdictions in which we are seeking approval. We currently employ internal resources to manage our manufacturing contractors. The relevant manufacturers of our drug products for our current nonclinical and clinical trials have advised us that they are compliant with both current good laboratory practice ("cGLP"), and cGMP. 
 
 Our future product candidates, if approved, may not be producible in sufficient commercial quantities, in compliance with regulatory requirements or at an acceptable cost. We and our contract manufacturers are, and will be, subject to extensive governmental regulation in connection with the manufacture of any pharmaceutical products or medical devices. We and our contract manufacturers must ensure that all of the processes, methods and equipment are compliant with cGMP and cGLP for drugs on an ongoing basis, as mandated by the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, and conduct extensive audits of vendors, contract laboratories and suppliers. 
 
 Marketing, Sales and Distribution 
 
 Our U.S. subsidiary, UroGen Pharma, Inc., was formed to support our U.S. development and potential commercialization efforts. Our commercial management team is comprised of experienced professionals in sales, sales operations, market access, marketing and medical affairs. In addition, we have established a customer-facing team that includes territory business managers with deep experience in both urology and oncology. These territory business managers are led by seven regional business directors, who are in turn supported by three regional operations managers. Each region is additionally supported by one to two clinical nurse educators to provide education and training around instillation, as well as a field reimbursement manager to help ensure access and reimbursement for appropriate patients. In addition, our organization currently includes several medical science liaisons who appropriately engage with physicians interested in learning more about UroGen, Jelmyto and our technology, both in person and virtually. In total, our customer-facing team comprises approximately 80 colleagues. 
 
 Our sales force is focused on promoting Jelmyto, and educating potential prescribers to identify patients, activate accounts and gain formulary access, as applicable. In the event that we receive regulatory approvals for our products in markets outside of the United States, we intend, where appropriate, to pursue commercialization relationships, including strategic alliances and licensing, with pharmaceutical companies and other strategic partners, which are equipped to market or sell our products through their well-developed sales, marketing and distribution organizations in such countries. 
 
 In addition, we may out-license some or all of our worldwide patent rights to more than one party to achieve the fullest development, marketing and distribution of any products we develop. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 200 employees worldwide, 158 in the United States and 42 in Israel, many of whom hold advanced degrees. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced any employment-related work stoppages and consider our relationships with our employees are good. 
 
 Israeli labor laws govern the length of the workday and workweek, minimum wages for employees, procedures for hiring and dismissing employees, determination of severance pay, annual leave, sick days, advance notice of termination, payments to the National Insurance Institute, and other conditions of employment and include equal opportunity and anti-discrimination laws. While none of our employees is party to any collective bargaining agreements, certain provisions of the collective bargaining agreements between the Histadrut (General Federation of Labor in Israel) and the Coordination Bureau of Economic Organizations (including the Industrialists Associations) are applicable to our employees in Israel by order of the Israeli Ministry of Economy and Industry. These provisions primarily concern pension fund benefits for all employees, insurance for work-related accidents, recuperation pay and travel expenses. We generally provide our employees with benefits and working conditions beyond the required minimums. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 Our legal and commercial name is UroGen Pharma Ltd, with registered offices at 9 Ha'Ta'asiya St., Ra'anana 4365007, Israel. We are a company organized under the laws of State of Israel. We were formed in 2004 with an indefinite duration. We are registered with the Israeli Registrar of Companies. Our principal executive offices are located at 400 Alexander Park Drive, 4 th Floor, Princeton, NJ 08540. Our telephone number is (646)768-9780. Investors should contact us for any inquiries through the address and telephone number of our principal executive office. We maintain a web site at http://www.urogen.com. The reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only and the information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. 
 
 We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other information with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on our website under the Investors Media tab as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report to UroGen Pharma, UroGen, the Company, our Company, we, us , and our and UroGen refer to UroGen Pharma Ltd. and its subsidiary. 

22

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 An investment in our ordinary shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including the following risk factors which we face. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, as a result of certain factors including the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 
 We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows since our inception, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future, which makes it difficult to assess our future viability. 
 
 We are a biotechnology company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We are not profitable and have incurred net losses in each period since we commenced operations in 2004, including net losses of 110.2 million and 110.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 577.1 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our ability to ultimately achieve recurring revenues and profitability is dependent upon our ability to successfully complete the development of our product candidates and obtain necessary regulatory approvals for and successfully manufacture, market and commercialize our products. 
 
 We believe that we will continue to expend substantial resources in the foreseeable future for the clinical development of our current product candidates or any additional product candidates and indications that we may choose to pursue in the future. These expenditures will include costs associated with research and development, conducting nonclinical studies and clinical trials, and payments for third-party manufacturing and supply, as well as sales and marketing of any of our product candidates that are approved for sale by regulatory agencies. Because the outcome of any clinical trial is highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our clinical stage and nonclinical drug candidates and any other drug candidates that we may develop in the future. Other unanticipated costs may also arise. 
 
 Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including: 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, clinical development and obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 

changes in regulatory requirements during the development phase that can delay or force us to stop our activities related to any of our product candidates; 

the cost of commercialization activities for Jelmyto and any other products approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 

our degree of success in commercializing Jelmyto ; 

the cost of third-party manufacturing of our products candidates and any approved products; 

the number and characteristics of any other product candidates we develop or acquire; 

our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other commercialization arrangements, and the terms and timing of such arrangements; 

the extent and rate of market acceptance of any approved products; 

the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent and other intellectual property claims, including potential litigation costs, and the outcome of such litigation; 

the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, future approved products, if any; 

the repayment of outstanding debt; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our products or business arrangements; 

scientific breakthroughs in the field of urothelial cancer treatment and diagnosis that could significantly diminish the demand for our product candidates or make them obsolete; and 

changes in reimbursement or other laws, regulations or policies that could have a negative impact on our future revenue stream. 

23

In addition, we have limited experience and have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the biotechnology industry. Drug development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. To date, we have not obtained regulatory approval for or commercialized any product except Jelmyto . 
 
 We will require additional financing to fund our operations and achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this capital when needed and on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development, commercialization efforts or other operations. 
 
 We are not profitable and have had negative cash flow from operations since our inception. Since our inception, almost all our resources have been dedicated to the nonclinical and clinical development of our first commercial product, Jelmyto , and our lead product candidate UGN-102. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately 100.0 million. To fund our operations and develop our product candidates and commercialize Jelmyto , we have relied primarily on equity and debt financings and, following the launch of Jelmyto in June 2020, revenue generated from sales of Jelmyto . In March 2021, we announced a transaction with RTW Investments ("RTW") totaling 75 million in funding for our company, which was received in May 2021, to support the launch of Jelmyto and the development of UGN-102. In return for the upfront cash payment, RTW is entitled to receive tiered future payments based on global annual net product sales of Jelmyto and UGN-102, if approved. In addition, in March 2022, we entered into the Loan Agreement, pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to make the Term Loans to Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100 million to be funded in two tranches. The first tranche of 75.0 million 72.6 million of proceeds were received, 70.8 million net of additional transaction costs) was funded in March 2022, and the second tranche of 25.0 million was funded in December 2022. 
 
 We cannot be certain that our existing resources and anticipated revenues will be sufficient to fund our planned operations and expenditures for at least the next 12 months from the date of issuance of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will require additional capital to complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product candidates, and otherwise fund our operations. Our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity financings, convertible debt or debt financings, third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements, as well as other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements, or a combination of these approaches. In any event, we will require additional capital to pursue nonclinical and clinical activities, and pursue regulatory approval for, and to commercialize, our pipeline product candidates. 
 
 Any additional fundraising efforts may divert the attention of our management from day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may negatively impact the holdings or the rights of our shareholders, and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us or the possibility of such issuance may cause the market price of our shares to decline. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than would be desirable and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, intellectual property or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may harm our business, financial condition, cash flows, operating results and prospects. 
 
 If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required or choose to: 

delay, limit, reduce or terminate nonclinical studies, clinical trials or other development activities for our product candidates or any of our future product candidates; 

delay, limit, reduce or terminate our other research and development activities; or 

delay, limit, reduce or terminate our establishment or expansion of manufacturing, sales and marketing or distribution capabilities or other activities that may be necessary to commercialize Jelmyto or any of our product candidates that obtain marketing approval. 

We may also be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could harm our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Our indebtedness resulting from our Loan Agreement could adversely affect our financial condition or restrict our future operations. 
 
 On March 7, 2022, UroGen Pharma Ltd., UroGen Pharma, Inc., as the borrower Borrower ), and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time, as guarantors Guarantors and, collectively with UroGen Pharma Ltd. and Borrower Credit Parties entered into a loan agreement Loan Agreement with funds managed by Pharmakon Advisors, L.P., including BPCR Limited Partnership (as a Lender ), BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP (as a Lender ), and BioPharma Credit PLC, as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, Collateral Agent), pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to make term loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100 million ("Term Loans"), to be funded in two tranches: (i) the first tranche Tranche A Loan was advanced in the amount of 75 million, in March 2022 Tranche A Closing Date and (ii) the second tranche Tranche B Loan of 25 million was advanced in December 2022. 
 
 The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by UroGen Pharma Ltd. and the other Guarantor and are secured by substantially all of the respective Credit Parties tangible and intangible assets and property, including intellectual property, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 The Loan Agreement contains negative covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict our ability to: 
 
 sell or dispose of assets, including certain intellectual property; amend, modify or waive certain agreements or organizational documents; consummate certain change in control transactions; incur certain additional indebtedness; incur any non-permitted lien or other encumbrance on the Credit Parties assets; pay dividends or make any distribution or payment on or redeem, retire or purchase any equity interests; and make payments of certain subordinated indebtedness. 
 
 In addition, we are required under the Loan Agreement to comply with various operating covenants and default clauses that may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in business activities or expand or fully pursue our business strategies. A breach of any of these covenants or clauses could result in a default under the Loan Agreement, which could cause all of the outstanding indebtedness under the facility to become immediately due and payable, including a make whole amount and prepayment premium. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to repay our debt obligations when they become due and payable, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which may negatively affect our business operations and financial condition. 
 
 Covenants under our Prepaid Forward Contract with RTW restrict our ability to borrow additional capital. 
 
 In March 2021, we entered into a Prepaid Forward Contract (the Forward Contract with RTW, pursuant to which we are obligated to make tiered cash payments to RTW, based on the worldwide annual net product sales of Jelmyto and, subject to FDA approval, UGN-102 (together, the Products ), subject to an aggregate revenue cap of 300 million. 
 
 Until the earlier of such time that (i) our aggregate worldwide annual net product sales of the Products reach a certain threshold or (ii) our market capitalization reaches a certain threshold, (a) we have granted RTW a security interest in the Products and the regulatory approvals, intellectual property, material agreements, proceeds and accounts receivable related to the Products (the Product Collateral ), (b) we are subject to a negative pledge in respect of the Product Collateral and (c) we may not incur additional indebtedness secured by Product Collateral without such secured debt provider entering into a intercreditor agreement with RTW. Upon the occurrence of an insolvency event, as defined in the Forward Contract, any remaining payment obligations under the Forward Contract will be automatically accelerated. 
 
 The Forward Contract requires us to use a significant portion of our cash flow to make payments to RTW, limits our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures or other general business purposes, limits our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry, places us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors not subject to similar restrictions and increases our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic industry conditions. 

24

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through equity, convertible debt or debt financings, as well as selectively continuing to enter into collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. We do not currently have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, including pursuant to the ATM Sales Agreement, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as an ordinary shareholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring and distributing dividends, and may be secured by all or a portion of our assets. 
 
 If we raise funds by selectively continuing to enter into additional collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish additional valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity, convertible debt or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. If we are unable to raise additional funds through other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements, we may be required to terminate product development or future commercialization efforts or to cease operations altogether. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Strategy 

We are highly dependent on the successful commercialization of our only approved product, Jelmyto. 
 
 Jelmyto is our first product, which we commercially launched in the United States in June 2020. We have not commercialized any other product candidates. We have invested significant efforts and financial resources in the research and development of Jelmyto , our first and only product approved for commercial sale. We are focusing a significant portion of our activities and resources on Jelmyto , and we believe our prospects are highly dependent on, and a significant portion of the value of our company relates to, our ability to successfully commercialize Jelmyto in the United States. 
 
 Successful commercialization of Jelmyto is subject to many risks. We initiated our commercial launch of Jelmyto in June 2020, and prior to that, we had never, as an organization, launched or commercialized any product. There is no guarantee that our ongoing commercial launch of Jelmyto or our future commercialization efforts will be successful, or that we will be able to successfully launch and commercialize any other product candidates that receive regulatory approval. There are numerous examples of unsuccessful product launches and failures to meet high expectations of market potential, including by pharmaceutical companies with more experience and resources than us. While we have established our commercial team and have hired our U.S. sales force, we will need to maintain, further train and develop our team in order to be prepared to successfully coordinate the ongoing launch and commercialization of Jelmyto . Even if we are successful in maintaining and further developing our commercial team, there are many factors that could cause the ongoing launch and commercialization of Jelmyto to be unsuccessful, including a number of factors that are outside our control. We must also properly educate physicians and nurses on the skillful preparation and administration of Jelmyto , and develop a broad experiential knowledge base of aggregated clinician feedback from which we can refine appropriate procedures for product administration, without which there could be a risk of adverse events. 
 
 Because no drug has previously been approved by the FDA for the treatment of low-grade UTUC, it is especially difficult to estimate Jelmyto s market potential. The commercial success of Jelmyto depends on the extent to which patients and physicians accept and adopt Jelmyto as a treatment for low-grade UTUC, and we do not know whether our or others estimates in this regard will be accurate. For example, if the patient population suffering from low-grade UTUC is smaller than we estimate or if physicians are unwilling to prescribe or patients are unwilling to be treated with Jelmyto due to label warnings, adverse events associated with product administration or other reasons, the commercial potential of Jelmyto will be limited. Physicians may not prescribe Jelmyto and patients may be unwilling to be treated with Jelmyto if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. Additionally, any negative development for Jelmyto in our post-marketing commitments, or in regulatory processes in other jurisdictions, may adversely impact the commercial results and potential of Jelmyto . Thus, significant uncertainty remains regarding the commercial potential of Jelmyto . 
 
 In addition, our ongoing commercial launch of Jelmyto and subsequent commercialization efforts could be hindered by a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, although we are currently not able to predict or quantify any such potential impact with any degree of certainty. 
 
 If the launch or commercialization of Jelmyto is unsuccessful or perceived as disappointing, our share price could decline significantly and the long-term success of the product and our company could be harmed. 
 
 Jelmyto has only been studied in a limited number of patients and in limited populations. Following the initiation of our commercial launch in June 2020, Jelmyto is now available to a much larger number of patients and in broader populations, and we do not know whether the results of Jelmyto use in such larger number of patients and broader populations will be consistent with the results from our clinical studies. 
 
 Jelmyto has been administered only to a limited number of patients and in limited populations in clinical studies, including our successful pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS clinical trial for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade UTUC. While the FDA granted approval of Jelmyto based on the data included in the NDA, including data from the Phase 3 OLYMPUS clinical trial, we do not know whether the results when a large number of patients and broader populations are exposed to Jelmyto , including results related to safety and efficacy, will be consistent with the results from earlier clinical studies of Jelmyto that served as the basis for the approval of Jelmyto . New data relating to Jelmyto , including from spontaneous adverse event reports and post-marketing studies in the United States, and from other ongoing clinical studies, may result in changes to the product label and may adversely affect sales, or result in withdrawal of Jelmyto from the market. The FDA and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions may also consider the new data in reviewing potential marketing applications in other jurisdictions, or imposing post approval requirements. If any of these actions were to occur, it could result in significant expense and delay or limit our ability to generate sales revenues. 
 
 We have limited experience as an organization in marketing and distributing products and are therefore subject to certain risks in relation to the commercialization of Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval. 
 
 Our strategy is to build and maintain a fully integrated biotechnology company to successfully execute the commercialization of Jelmyto in the United States. Jelmyto is our only product that has been approved for sale by any regulatory body, and it became available in the United States in June 2020. While we have established a commercial management team and have also established a field-based organization comprised of a sales team, reimbursement support team, clinical nurse educators, national account managers and medical science liaisons, we currently have very limited experience commercializing pharmaceutical products as an organization. In order to successfully commercialize Jelmyto , we must continue to develop our sales, marketing, managerial, compliance and related capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. This involves many challenges, such as recruiting and retaining talented personnel, training employees, setting the appropriate system of incentives, managing additional headcount and integrating new business units into an existing corporate infrastructure. These efforts will continue to be expensive and time-consuming, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully further develop these capabilities. Additionally, we will need to maintain and further develop our sales force, and we will be competing with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. In the event we are unable to effectively develop and maintain our commercial team, including our sales force, our ability to effectively commercialize Jelmyto would be limited, and we would not be able to generate product revenues successfully. If we fail to establish and maintain an effective sales and marketing infrastructure, we will be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to effectively train and equip our sales force, our ability to successfully commercialize Jelmyto will be harmed. 
 
 None of the members of our sales force had ever promoted Jelmyto prior to its launch in June 2020. In addition, Jelmyto is the first drug approved by the FDA for the treatment of low-grade UTUC. As a result, we are and will continue to be required to expend significant time and resources to train our sales force to be credible, persuasive, and compliant with applicable laws in marketing Jelmyto for the treatment of low-grade UTUC to physicians and nurses. In addition, we must train our sales force to ensure that a consistent and appropriate message about Jelmyto is being delivered to our customers. If we are unable to effectively train our sales force and equip them with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them inform and educate customers about the benefits and risks of Jelmyto and its proper administration, our efforts to successfully commercialize Jelmyto could be put in jeopardy, which would negatively impact our ability to generate product revenues. 
 
 Additionally, in light of COVID-19, we have developed digital materials and programs for our sales force to use in order to engage virtually with their target physicians when in-person engagement is not safe or feasible. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, our territory business managers have been able to engage in higher levels of in-person physician interaction than they were during 2020. However, there can be no assurance that our territory business managers will continue to have in-person access to physicians as a result of a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, or that digital materials and virtual engagement will be effective at growing and sustaining prescription levels of Jelmyto . Disruptions in the prescription volume of Jelmyto could also occur: 

if patients are physically quarantined or are unable or unwilling to visit healthcare providers; 

if physicians restrict access to their facilities for a material period of time; 

if healthcare providers prioritize treatment of acute or communicable illnesses over treatment of low-grade UTUC; 

if pharmacies are closed or suffering staff shortages or supply chain disruptions; 

if patients lose access to employer-sponsored health insurance due to periods of high unemployment; or 

as a result of general disruptions in the operations of payors, distributors, logistics providers and other third parties that are necessary for Jelmyto to be prescribed, reconstituted, instilled and reimbursed. 

The market opportunities for Jelmyto and our product candidates may be smaller than we anticipate or limited to those patients who are ineligible for established therapies or for whom prior therapies have failed and may be small. 
 
 Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as first-line, second-line or third-line. When cancer is detected early enough, first-line therapy, often chemotherapy, hormone therapy, surgery, radiotherapy or a combination of these, is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life. Second- and third-line therapies are administered to patients when prior therapy is not or is no longer effective. For urothelial cancers, the current first-line standard of care is surgery designed to remove one or more tumors. Chemotherapy is currently used in treating urothelial cancer only as an adjuvant, or supplemental therapy, after tumor resection. We are designing our lead product candidate UGN-102 as an alternative to surgery as the standard of care for certain urothelial cancers. However, there is no guarantee that this product candidate will be approved or that we will not have to conduct additional clinical trials. Even if approved, the market opportunity for UGN-102 may be smaller than we anticipate or limited to those patients who are ineligible for established therapies or for whom prior therapies have failed. Our other or future product candidates may face similar risks. 

25

Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, as well as the subset of people with these cancers who have previously failed prior treatments, and who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or third-party market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these cancers and the number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. For instance, our pivotal Phase 3 OLYMPUS clinical trial for Jelmyto was designed to evaluate the use of Jelmyto for the treatment of tumors in the renal pelvis (the funnel-like dilated part of the ureter in the kidney) and was not designed to evaluate the use of Jelmyto for the treatment of tumors in the ureter (the tube that connects the kidneys to the bladder). Even though Jelmyto is approved for the treatment of low-grade UTUC, physicians may choose to only use it to treat tumors in the renal pelvis and not tumors in the ureter, which would limit the degree of physician adoption and market acceptance of Jelmyto . Even if we obtain significant market share, because the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications, including the use of the products as first- or second-line therapy. For example, low-grade UTUC is a rare malignant tumor of the cells lining the urinary tract and there is limited scientific literature or other research on the incidence and prevalence of low-grade UTUC. If our estimates of the incidence and prevalence of low-grade UTUC are incorrect, Jelmyto s commercial viability may prove to be limited, which may negatively affect our financial results. 
 
 Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval may fail to achieve the broad degree of physician adoption and use and market acceptance necessary for commercial success. 
 
 The commercial success of Jelmyto and any other product candidates that receive regulatory approval will depend significantly on their broad adoption and use by physicians for approved indications, including, in the case of Jelmyto , for the treatment of low-grade UTUC, and in the case of UGN-102, for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC, and for other therapeutic indications that we may seek to pursue with any of our product candidates. Physicians treating low-grade UTUC and low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC have never had to consider treatments other than surgery. The degree and rate of physician and patient adoption of Jelmyto , UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates, if approved, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the clinical indications for which the product is approved; 

the safety and efficacy data from the clinical trial(s) supporting the approved clinical indications; 

the approved labeling and packaging for our products, including the degree of product preparation and administration convenience and ease of use that is afforded to physicians by the approved labeling and product packaging; 

the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects and the level of benefit/risk observed in our clinical trials; 

sufficient patient satisfaction with the results and administration of our products and overall treatment experience, including relative convenience, ease of use and avoidance of, or reduction in, adverse side effects; 

the extent to which physicians recommend our products to patients; 

physicians and patients willingness to adopt new therapies in lieu of other products or treatments, including willingness to adopt Jelmyto , and our lead product candidate UGN-102 as locally-administered drug replacements to current surgical standards of care; 

the cost of treatment, safety and efficacy of our products in relation to alternative treatments, including the recurrence rate of our treatments; 

the extent to which the costs of our products are covered and reimbursed by third-party payors, including the availability of a physician reimbursement code for our treatments, and patients willingness to pay for our products; 

whether treatment with our products, including the treatment of low-grade UTUC with Jelmyto and the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC with UGN-102, if approved, will be deemed to be an elective procedure by third- party payors; if so, the cost of treatment would be borne by the patient and would be less likely to be broadly adopted; 

proper education of physicians or nurses for the skillful administration of our approved product, Jelmyto , and UGN-102, if approved, and development of a broad experiential knowledge base of aggregated clinician feedback from which we can refine appropriate procedures for product administration, without which there could be a risk of adverse events; and 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, especially the success of any targeted marketing efforts directed toward physicians and clinics and any direct-to-consumer marketing efforts we may initiate. 

If Jelmyto , UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates are approved for use but fail to achieve the broad degree of physician adoption and market acceptance necessary for commercial success, our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 
 Jelmyto and our product candidates, if approved, will face significant competition with competing technologies and our failure to compete effectively may prevent us from achieving significant market penetration. 
 
 The biotechnology industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our potential competitors include large and experienced companies that enjoy significant competitive advantages over us, such as greater financial, research and development, manufacturing, personnel and marketing resources, greater brand recognition and more experience and expertise in obtaining marketing approvals from the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. These companies may develop new drugs to treat the indications that we target or seek to have existing drugs approved for use for the treatment of the indications that we target. 

26

We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies that are developing drugs in the fields of urology and uro-oncology, such as AADi, LLC, Biocancell Ltd., Bristol Myers Squibb, CG Oncology Inc., FKD Therapies Oy, GSK, ImmunityBio, Janssen, Merck Sharp Dohme Corp, Roche, Samyang Biopharma, Seagen Inc., Steba Biotech Ltd., SURGE Therapeutics, Viralytics Limited and Vyriad. We are aware of a company called Steba Biotech with an IND granted in December 2020 which has initiated a Phase 3 study of padeliporfin ImPACT for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade and unifocal high-grade UTUC in the first quarter of 2021. In January 2023, SURGE Therapeutics received FDA clearance on an IND to proceed with a Phase 1/2a study of its SURGERx platform with resiquimod for prevention of recurrence and/or progression after TURBT in NMIBC, previously diagnosed with high-grade disease and experience recurrence. We are also aware that other companies, such as Janssen and Lipac are conducting, or have recently conducted clinical trials for product candidates for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. Outside of these indications where we are developing products, we are aware of other companies doing work in both bladder and upper tract cancers, but these are with agents or on targets in high-grade, metastatic, or muscle invasive cancers. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in this industry. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing products that are more effective, easier to administer or less costly than our product candidates. 
 
 In addition, we face competition from existing standards of treatment, surgical tumor resection procedures. If we are not able to demonstrate that our product candidates are at least as safe and effective as such courses of treatment, medical professionals may not adopt our product candidates in replacement of the existing standard of care. Generic mitomycin injectable drug products, while approved by FDA for gastric and pancreatic cancers, are neither approved for low-grade UTUC nor reconstituted with hydrogel in an FDA-approved product as Jelmyto is, although they may be used off-label by physicians for the treatment of low-grade UTUC, as they have been prior to the approval of Jelmyto . 
 
 Our ability to market Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval is and will be limited to certain indications. If we want to expand the indications for which we may market our products, we will need to obtain additional regulatory approvals, which may not be granted. 
 
 Jelmyto is indicated for adult patients with low-grade UTUC. We are currently developing UGN-102, UGN-201 and UGN-301 for the treatment of various forms of bladder cancer. The FDA and other applicable regulatory agencies will restrict our ability to market or advertise our products to the scope of the approved label for the applicable product and for no other indications, which could limit physician and patient adoption. We may attempt to develop and, if approved, promote and commercialize new treatment indications for our products in the future, but we cannot predict when or if we will receive the regulatory approvals required to do so. Failure to receive such approvals will prevent us from promoting or commercializing new treatment indications. In addition, we would be required to conduct additional clinical trials or studies to support approvals for additional indications, which would be time consuming and expensive, and may produce results that do not support regulatory approvals. If we do not obtain additional regulatory approvals, our ability to expand our business will be limited. 
 
 If we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of Jelmyto or any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval, or if physicians misuse our products, we may become subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of our products, significant sanctions, and product liability claims, and our image and reputation within the industry and marketplace could be harmed. 
 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the marketing and promotional claims that are made about drug products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses or indications that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling and may not be promoted based on overstated efficacy or omission of important safety information. For example, we cannot promote the use of our product Jelmyto in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, but we are permitted to share truthful and non-misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the product s FDA approved labeling. However, physicians are able, in their independent medical judgment, to use Jelmyto on their patients in an off-label manner, such as for the treatment of other urology indications. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may receive warning letters and become subject to significant liability, which would harm our business. The federal government has levied large administrative, civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. If we become the target of such an investigation or prosecution based on our marketing and promotional practices, we could face similar sanctions, which would harm our business. In addition, management s attention could be diverted from our business operations, significant legal expenses could be incurred, and our reputation could be damaged. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we are deemed by the FDA to have engaged in the promotion of our products for off-label use, we could be subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of our products or significant fines and penalties, and the imposition of these sanctions could also affect our reputation with physicians, patients and caregivers, and our position within the industry. 
 
 Physicians may also misuse our products or use improper techniques, potentially leading to adverse results, side effects or injury, which may lead to product liability claims. If our products are misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation. Product liability claims could divert management s attention from our core business, be expensive to defend, and result in sizable damage awards against us that may not be covered by insurance. We currently carry product liability insurance covering our clinical trials with policy limits that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies and adequate to provide us with coverage for foreseeable risks. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, while we have established product liability insurance relating to our commercialization of Jelmyto , there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain this insurance on commercially reasonable terms or that this insurance will be sufficient. Furthermore, the use of our products for conditions other than those approved by the FDA may not effectively treat such conditions, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. 

27

In addition to Jelmyto, we are dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, UGN-102, and our other product candidates, including obtaining regulatory approval to market our product candidates in the United States. 
 
 The research, development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, approval, promotion, advertising, storage, recordkeeping, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and export and import of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and by foreign regulatory authorities. These regulations differ from country to country. To gain approval to market our product candidates, we must provide clinical data that adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product for the intended indication. Other than Jelmyto , all of our product candidates, including our lead product candidate, UGN-102, remain in clinical development and have not yet received regulatory approval from the FDA or any other regulatory agency in the United States or any other country. Our business depends upon obtaining these regulatory approvals. There are no drugs that have been approved by the FDA for the primary treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC, and only a limited number of drugs have been approved by the FDA as adjuvant treatment for BCG unresponsive NMIBC. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidates for many reasons. 
 
 The success of our product candidates is subject to significant risks, including risks associated with successfully completing current and future clinical trials, such as: 

the FDA s acceptance of our parameters for regulatory approval relating to UGN-102 and our other product candidates, including our proposed indications, primary and secondary endpoint assessments and measurements, safety evaluations and regulatory pathways, and proposed labeling and packaging; 

our ability to successfully complete the FDA requirements related to chemistry, manufacturing and controls ("CMC"), for UGN-102 and our other product candidates, and if completed, their sufficiency to support an NDA; 

the FDA s timely acceptance of our INDs, for our product candidates and our inability to commence clinical trials in the United States without such IND acceptances; 

the FDA s acceptance of the design, size, conduct and implementation of our clinical trials, our trial protocols and the interpretation of data from nonclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the FDA s acceptance of the population studied in our clinical trials being sufficiently large, broad and representative to assess efficacy and safety in the patient population for which we seek approval; 

our ability to successfully complete the clinical trials of our product candidates, including timely patient enrollment and acceptable safety and efficacy data and our ability to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates undergoing such clinical trials; 

our ability to demonstrate meaningful clinical or other benefits which outweigh any safety or other perceived risks, through the completion of our clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the FDA s need to schedule an advisory committee meeting, and to conduct such meeting, in a timely manner to evaluate and decide on the approval of our potential future NDA for UGN-102; 

if applicable, the recommendation of the FDA s advisory committee to approve our applications to market UGN-102 and our other product candidates in the United States, without limiting the approved labeling, specifications, distribution or use of the products, or imposing other restrictions; 

the FDA s determination of safety and efficacy of our product candidates; 

the FDA s determination that the Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act ("FDCA") regulatory pathway 505(b)(2) is available for our product candidates; 

the prevalence and severity of adverse events associated with our product candidates, including UGN-102, as there are no drugs and related drug administration procedures approved for the primary treatment of low-grade NMIBC, that are based on RTGel technology; 

the timely and satisfactory performance by third-party contractors of their obligations in relation to our clinical trials; 

our success in educating physicians and patients about the benefits, risks, administration and use of our product candidates, if approved, particularly in light of the fact that there are no drugs that have been approved by the FDA for the primary treatment of low-grade NMIBC, and only a limited number of drugs have been approved by the FDA as adjuvant treatment for high-grade NMIBC; 

the availability, perceived advantages, relative cost, safety and efficacy of alternative and competing treatments for the indications addressed by our product candidates; 

the effectiveness of our marketing, sales and distribution strategy, and operations, as well as that of any current and future licensees; 

the FDA s acceptance of the quality of our drug substance or drug product, formulation, labeling, packaging, or the specifications of our product candidates is sufficient for approval; 

our ability to develop, validate and maintain a commercially viable manufacturing process that is compliant with cGMP; 

28

the FDA s acceptance of the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract; 

our ability to secure supply of the raw materials from TAPI (Teva Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients) or other suppliers for our product candidates to support clinical trials and commercial use; 

our ability to manufacture or secure finished product from third-party suppliers for product candidates, including UGN-102, if approved; 

our ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates; 

the extent to which the costs of our products, once approved, are covered and reimbursed by third-party payors, including the availability of a physician reimbursement code for our treatments, and patients willingness to pay for our products; and 

our ability to properly train physicians or nurses for the skillful preparation and administration of any of our product candidates that receive approval, including UGN-102, and our ability to develop a broad experiential knowledge base of aggregated clinician feedback from which we can refine appropriate procedures for product administration, without which there could be a risk of adverse events. 

Many of these clinical, regulatory and commercial risks are beyond our control. Further, these risks and uncertainties impact all of our clinical programs that we pursue and have been amplified by a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, as described below. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to advance any more of our product candidates through clinical development, or to obtain additional regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. To the extent we seek regulatory approval in foreign countries, we may face challenges similar to those described above with regulatory authorities in applicable jurisdictions. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval for any of our product candidates would delay or prevent commercialization of our product candidates and would thus negatively impact our business, results of operations and prospects. Even if we receive approval of any of the product candidates in our pipeline or future product candidates, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully commercialize any of them. 
 
 To date we have only generated limited clinical data for our investigational product candidates. 
 
 Positive results in nonclinical testing and early clinical trials do not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. A number of pharmaceutical companies have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, including in Phase 3 clinical trials, after promising results in nonclinical testing and early clinical trials. These setbacks have included negative safety and efficacy observations in later clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse effects. To date, our clinical trials and other programs have involved small patient populations and because of the small sample size, the results of these clinical trials may be subject to substantial variability and may not be indicative of future results. We initiated the Phase 3 ATLAS trial in December 2020 and until November 2021, were enrolling patients in this trial assessing UGN-102 with or without TURBT compared to standard of care, TURBT. Following discussions with the FDA, we initiated our Phase 3 ENVISION trial, a new single-arm Phase 3 trial of UGN-102 in low-grade, intermediate-risk, NMIBC in the first quarter of 2022. The design for the Phase 3 ENVISION trial is similar to our Phase 2 OPTIMA II trial in that the patient population has similar clinical characteristics, receives the same treatment regimen and undergoes the same efficacy and safety assessments and qualitative follow-up. However, there can be no assurance that the Phase 3 ENVISION trial will have a higher probability of clinical or regulatory success notwithstanding similarities in its design to our Phase 2 OPTIMA II trial. If our clinical trials do not ultimately indicate that our product candidates are safe and effective for their intended use, the FDA may not approve any NDA that we may submit to market such product candidates, and our business would not be able to generate revenue from the sale of any such product candidates. 
 
 Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 
 From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary, interim or topline data from our clinical trials. These interim updates are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change as patient data become available and following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. In addition, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. In particular, interim data may reflect small sample sizes, be subject to substantial variability and may not be indicative of either future interim results or final results. Publications based on interim data may differ from FDA approved product labeling. Adverse changes between interim data and final data could significantly harm our business and prospects. Further, additional disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors in the future could result in volatility in the price of our ordinary shares. See the description of risks under the heading Risks Related to Ownership of our Ordinary Shares for additional disclosures related to the risk of volatility in the price of our ordinary shares. 
 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is typically selected from a more extensive amount of available information. Furthermore, we may report interim analyses of only certain endpoints rather than all endpoints. You or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product, product candidate or our business. If the preliminary or topline data that we report differ from late, final or actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, UGN-102 or any other investigational product candidate may be harmed, which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We have limited experience in conducting clinical trials and obtaining approval for product candidates and may be unable to do so successfully. 
 
 As a company, we have limited experience in conducting clinical trials and have progressed only one product candidate through to regulatory approval. In part because of this lack of experience, our clinical trials may require more time and incur greater costs than we anticipate. We cannot be certain that the planned clinical trials will begin or conclude on time, if at all. Large-scale trials will require significant additional financial and management resources. Third-party clinical investigators do not operate under our control. Any performance failure on the part of such third parties could delay the clinical development of our product candidates or delay or prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval or commercializing our current or future product candidates, depriving us of potential product revenue and resulting in additional losses. 

29

We have not yet applied for regulatory approvals to market UGN-102 or the other product candidates in our pipeline, and we may be delayed in obtaining or failing to obtain such regulatory approvals and to commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 The process of developing, obtaining regulatory approval for and commercializing our product candidates is long, complex, costly and uncertain, and delays or failure can occur at any stage. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, sale and distribution of drugs are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies, as applicable. These regulations are agency-specific and differ by jurisdiction. We are not permitted to market any product candidate in the United States until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from the respective regulatory agencies in such countries. To gain approval of an NDA or other equivalent regulatory approval, we must provide the FDA or relevant foreign regulatory authority with nonclinical and clinical data that demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the product for the intended indication. 
 
 Before we can submit an NDA to the FDA or comparable similar applications to foreign regulatory authorities, we must conduct Phase 3 clinical trials, or a pivotal/registration trial equivalent, for each product candidate. After submission of an NDA, the FDA may raise additional questions on any data contained in the application. These questions may come in the form of information requests or in the NDA 74-day letter as review issues. We must address these questions during the review, but we do not know whether our responses will be acceptable to the FDA. We cannot assure you that the FDA will not decide to require us to perform additional clinical trials, including potentially requiring us to perform an additional pivotal study with a control arm, before approving, or as a condition of approving, NDAs for our product candidates. 
 
 Phase 3 clinical trials often produce unsatisfactory results even though prior clinical trials were successful. Moreover, the results of clinical trials may be unsatisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities even if we believe those clinical trials to be successful. The FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agencies may suspend one or all of our clinical trials or require that we conduct additional clinical, nonclinical, manufacturing, validation or drug product quality studies and submit that data before considering or reconsidering any NDA or comparable foreign regulatory application that we may submit. Depending on the extent of these additional studies, approval of any applications that we submit may be significantly delayed or may cause the termination of such programs or may require us to expend more resources than we have available. 
 
 If any of these outcomes occur, we may not receive regulatory approval for the corresponding product candidates, and our business would not be able to generate revenue from the sale of any such product candidates. 
 
 Changes in funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 
 We may not be able to advance our nonclinical product candidates into clinical development and through regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 
 Certain of our product candidates are currently in nonclinical development and are therefore currently subject to the risks associated with nonclinical development, including the risks associated with: 

generating adequate and sufficient nonclinical safety and efficacy data in a timely fashion to support the initiation of clinical trials; 

obtaining regulatory approval to commence clinical trials in any jurisdiction, including the submission and acceptance of INDs; 

contracting with the necessary parties to conduct a clinical trial; 

enrolling sufficient numbers of patients in clinical trials in timely fashion, if at all; and 

timely manufacture of sufficient quantities of the product candidate for use in clinical trials. 

30

These risks and uncertainties impact all of our nonclinical programs that we pursue. If we are unsuccessful in advancing our nonclinical product candidates into clinical trials in a timely fashion, our business may be harmed. Even if we are successful in advancing our nonclinical product candidates into clinical development, their success will be subject to all of the clinical, regulatory and commercial risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, commercialize or generate significant revenue from our product candidates. 
 
 Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results, and our clinical trials may fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates. 
 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. We do not know whether our ongoing and future clinical trials, if any, will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll an adequate number of patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed, suspended or terminated for a variety of reasons, including failure to: 

generate sufficient nonclinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 

obtain regulatory approval or feedback on trial design, in order to commence a trial; 

identify, recruit and train suitable clinical investigators; 

reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations ("CROs") and clinical trial sites, and have such CROs and sites effect the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials; 

obtain and maintain institutional review board ("IRB") approval at each clinical trial site; 

identify, recruit, enroll and retain suitable patients to participate in a trial; 

have a sufficient number of patients enrolled, complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

ensure clinical investigators and clinical trial sites observe trial protocol or continue to participate in a trial; 

address any patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 

address any conflicts with new or existing laws or regulations; 

add a sufficient number of clinical trial sites; 

manufacture sufficient quantities at the required quality of product candidate for use in clinical trials; or 

raise sufficient capital to fund a trial. 

Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing and success of clinical trials and is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients or caregivers perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs or treatments that may be developed or approved for the indications we are investigating. 
 
 We may also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by the trial s data safety monitoring board, by the FDA or by the applicable foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate one or more of our clinical trials due to a number of factors, including our failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements or clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 
 
 If we experience delays in carrying out or completing any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed. 

In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business and financial condition. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 
 Jelmyto or any of our product candidates may produce undesirable side effects that we may not have detected in our previous nonclinical studies and clinical trials or that are not expected with mitomycin treatment or inconsistent with catheter administration procedures. This could prevent us from gaining marketing approval or market acceptance for these product candidates, or from maintaining such approval and acceptance, and could substantially increase commercialization costs and even force us to cease operations. 
 
 As with most pharmaceutical products, Jelmyto and our product candidates may be associated with side effects or adverse events that can vary in severity and frequency. Side effects or adverse events associated with the use of Jelmyto or any of our product candidates, including UGN-102, may be observed at any time, including in clinical trials or once a product is commercialized, and any such side effects or adverse events may negatively affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval or market our product candidates. To date, in our nonclinical testing, Compassionate Use Program for Jelmyto, clinical trials and post-marketing experience, we have observed several adverse events and serious adverse events ("SAEs"), including ureteric obstruction, ureteral stenosis, inhibition of urine flow, rash, flank pain, kidney swelling, kidney infection, renal dysfunction, hematuria, fatigue, nausea, abdominal pain, dysuria, vomiting, urinary tract infection, urgency in urination and pain during urination. In addition, we have observed transient perturbation of laboratory measures of renal and hematopoietic function. These adverse events are known mitomycin or procedure-related adverse events and many are indicated as potential side effects of mitomycin usage on the mitomycin label. However, we cannot assure you that we will not observe additional drug or procedure-related adverse events or SAEs in the future or that the FDA will not determine them as such. Side effects such as toxicity or other safety issues associated with the use of Jelmyto or our product candidates could require us to perform additional studies or halt development or sale of Jelmyto or our product candidates or expose us to product liability lawsuits, which will harm our business. 
 
 Furthermore, our Phase 2b clinical trial for UGN-102 involved larger patient bases than in our prior studies of these candidates, and the commercial marketing of Jelmyto and, if approved, UGN-102, will further expand the clinical exposure of the drugs to a wider and more diverse group of patients than those participating in the clinical trials, which may identify undesirable side effects caused by these products that were not previously observed or reported. 
 
 The FDA and foreign regulatory agency regulations require that we report certain information about adverse medical events if our products may have caused or contributed to those adverse events. The timing of our obligation to report would be triggered by the date upon which we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature and severity of the event. We may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed timeframe. We may also fail to appreciate that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of our products. If we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, the FDA or a foreign regulatory agency could take action including enforcing a hold on or cessation of clinical trials, withdrawal of approved drugs from the market, criminal prosecution, the imposition of civil monetary penalties or seizure of our products. 
 
 Additionally, in the event we discover the existence of adverse medical events or side effects caused by one of our products or product candidates, a number of other potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

our inability to submit an NDA or similar application for our product candidates because of insufficient risk-reward, or the denial of such application by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities; 

the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities suspending or terminating our clinical trials or suspending or withdrawing their approval of the product; 

the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities requiring the addition of labeling statements, such as boxed or other warnings or contraindications or distribution and use restrictions; 

the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities requiring us to issue specific communications to healthcare professionals, such as letters alerting them to new safety information about our product, changes in dosage or other important information; 

the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities issuing negative publicity regarding the affected product, including safety communications; 

our being limited with respect to the safety-related claims that we can make in our marketing or promotional materials; 

our being required to change the way the product is administered, conduct additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials or restrict or cease the distribution or use of the product; and 

our being sued and held liable for harm caused to patients. 

31

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving market acceptance or approval of the affected product or product candidate and could substantially increase development or commercialization costs, force us to withdraw from the market any approved product, or even force us to cease operations. We cannot assure you that we will resolve any issues related to any product-related adverse events to the satisfaction of the FDA or any regulatory agency in a timely manner or ever, which could harm our business, prospects and financial condition. 
 
 We may face future developmental and regulatory difficulties related to Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval. In addition, we are subject to government regulations and we may experience delays in obtaining required regulatory approvals to market our proposed product candidates. 
 
 We are subject to certain post-marketing commitments related to Jelmyto , including a requirement for a period of five years to provide annual updates for the duration of response for all patients with ongoing complete responses enrolled in the Phase 3 OLYMPUS trial. With respect to our current and future candidates, even if we complete clinical testing and receive approval of any regulatory filing for our product candidates, the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may grant approval contingent on the performance of additional costly post-approval clinical trials, risk mitigation requirements and surveillance requirements to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product, which could negatively impact us by reducing revenues or increasing expenses, and cause the approved product candidate not to be commercially viable. Absence of long-term safety data may further limit the approved uses of our products, if any. 
 
 The FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency also may approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested or may not approve the labeling that we believe is necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Furthermore, any such approved product will remain subject to extensive regulatory requirements, including requirements relating to manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, distribution and recordkeeping. 
 
 If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements of the FDA or other applicable foreign regulatory authorities, or previously unknown problems with any approved commercial products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes are discovered, we could be subject to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions or other setbacks, including the following: 

suspension or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; 

regulatory agency refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to applications; 

suspension of any ongoing clinical trials; 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approval; 

an injunction or imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

seizure or detention of products; 

bans or restrictions on imports and exports; 

issuance of warning letters or untitled letters; 

suspension or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

refusal of regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to applications. 

32

In addition, various aspects of our operations are subject to federal, state or local laws, rules and regulations, any of which may change from time to time. Costs arising out of any regulatory developments could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert management resources and attention and, consequently, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 If we are not successful in developing, receiving regulatory approval for and commercializing our nonclinical and clinical product candidates, our ability to expand our business and achieve our strategic objectives could be impaired. 
 
 Although we have received FDA approval of Jelmyto for pyelocalyceal solution, for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade UTUC, and we plan to devote a substantial portion of our resources to the continued clinical testing and potential approval of UGN-102 for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. Another key element of our strategy is to discover, develop and commercialize a portfolio of products to serve additional therapeutic markets. We are seeking to do so through our internal research programs, but our resources are limited, and those that we have are geared towards clinical testing and seeking regulatory approval of UGN-102 and our other existing product candidates. We may also explore strategic collaborations for the development or acquisition of new products, but we may not be successful in entering into such relationships. Research programs to identify product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources, regardless of whether any product candidates are ultimately identified. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for many reasons, including: 

the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; 

competitors may develop alternatives that render our product candidates obsolete or less attractive; 

a product candidate may in a subsequent trial be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be effective or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; 

a product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; 

a product candidate may not be accepted as safe and effective by patients, the medical community or third-party payors, if applicable; and 

intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third parties for product candidates we develop may potentially block our entry into certain markets or make such entry economically impracticable. 

If we fail to develop and successfully commercialize other product candidates, our business and future prospects may be harmed, and our business will be more vulnerable to any problems that we encounter in developing and commercializing our product candidates. 
 
 We have entered into collaboration and licensing agreements and in the future may enter into collaboration and licensing arrangements with other third parties for the development or commercialization of our product candidates. If our collaboration and licensing arrangements are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates . 
 
 We may utilize a variety of types of licensing, collaboration, distribution and other marketing arrangements with third parties to develop our product candidates and commercialize our approved product candidates, if any. We are not currently party to any such arrangement that we consider material. Our ability to generate revenues from these arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities and efforts to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in these arrangements. 

33

Any collaborations that we enter into may pose a number of risks, including the following: 

collaborators have significant discretion in determining the amount and timing of efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations; 

collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; 

product candidates developed by collaborators may not perform sufficiently in clinical trials to be determined to be safe and effective, thereby delaying or terminating the drug approval process and reducing or eliminating milestone payments to which we would otherwise be entitled if the product candidates had successfully met their endpoints and/or received FDA approval; 

clinical trials conducted by collaborators could give rise to new safety concerns; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates that receive marketing approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product candidates if the collaborators believe that competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; 

a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 

disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or termination of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would divert management attention and resources, be time-consuming and expensive; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; 

collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; and 

collaborations may be terminated for the convenience of the collaborator and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. 

Collaborations may not lead to development or commercialization of product candidates in the most efficient manner, or at all, and may otherwise experience challenges. For example, in August 2020, we announced that the Phase 2 APOLLO trial of BOTOX/ RTGel for the treatment of overactive bladder, which was conducted by Allergan Pharmaceuticals Limited Allergan ), did not meet the primary endpoint. The data suggested that this result may have been due to BOTOX not effectively permeating the urothelium. In November 2021 our arrangement with Allergan was terminated. 
 
 If any future material collaborations that we enter into do not result in the successful development and commercialization of products or if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive any future research funding or milestone or royalty payments under the collaboration. If we do not receive the funding we expect under these agreements, our development of our product candidates could be delayed, and we may need additional resources to develop our product candidates. All the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in this report also apply to the activities of our collaborators. 
 
 Additionally, subject to its contractual obligations to us, if a collaborator of ours were to be involved in a business combination, it might deemphasize or terminate the development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by us. If one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and perception of us in the business and financial communities could be harmed. 

We currently contract with third-party subcontractors and single-source suppliers for certain raw materials, compounds and components necessary to produce Jelmyto for commercial use, and to produce UGN-102, UGN-201 and UGN-301 for nonclinical studies and clinical trials, and expect to continue to do so to support commercial scale production of UGN-102 and UGN-201, if approved, as well as UGN-301 if approved as a monotherapy or for any approved product that includes UGN-301. There are significant risks associated with the manufacture of pharmaceutical products and contracting with contract manufacturers , including single-source suppliers. Furthermore, our existing third-party subcontractors and single-source suppliers may not be able to meet the increased need for certain raw materials, compounds and components that may result from our commercialization efforts. This increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of Jelmyto, UGN-102, UGN-201 or UGN-301 or be able to obtain such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 We currently rely on third party subcontractors and suppliers for certain compounds and components necessary to produce Jelmyto for commercial use and UGN-102, UGN-201 and UGN-301 for our nonclinical studies and clinical trials, and expect to rely on third party subcontractors and suppliers for commercial use for any of our drug candidates that receive regulatory approval. We currently depend on Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd ("Teva"), as our single-source supplier of mitomycin active pharmaceutical ingredient ("API") for Jelmyto and UGN-102. We rely on Cenexi-Laboratoires Thissen s.a., and Isotopia Molecular Imaging Ltd. as our single contracted suppliers for the mitomycin and gel contained in Jelmyto and UGN-102, respectively. We also currently depend on a single source supplier for imiquimod for UGN-201 and zalifrelimab for UGN-301. Because there are a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials that we use to manufacture our product candidates, we may need to engage alternate suppliers to prevent a possible disruption of the manufacture of the materials necessary to produce Jelmyto for commercial sale and our product candidates for our clinical trials and their subsequent commercial sale, if approved. Even if we are able to engage alternate suppliers on reasonable terms, we may face delays or increased costs in our supply chain that could jeopardize the commercialization of Jelmyto and the development of UGN-102. We do not have any control over the availability of raw materials. If we or our suppliers and manufacturers are unable to purchase these raw materials on acceptable terms, at sufficient quality levels, or in adequate quantities, if at all, the development and commercialization of our product candidates or any future product candidates, would be delayed or there would be a shortage in supply, which would impair our ability to meet our development objectives for our product candidates or generate revenues from the sale of Jelmyto or any other approved products. 
 
 We expect to continue to rely on these or other subcontractors and suppliers to support our commercial requirements for Jelmyto , as well as UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates if approved for marketing by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities. We also rely on a single third-party manufacturer to produce our proprietary drug product, or final mitomycin formulation, necessary for our clinical trial and commercial requirements. We plan to continue to rely on third parties for the production of mitomycin API, the gel contained in Jelmyto, UGN-102 and UGN-301, and for imiquimod for UGN-201, and for zalifrelimab for UGN-301, as well as for the raw materials, compounds and components necessary to produce our product candidates and for nonclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 
 Even though we are approved as a commercial supplier of Jelmyto , we have limited experience as a company in the commercial supply of drugs and may never be successful as a commercial supplier of drug products containing mitomycin. In addition, cost-overruns, unexpected delays, equipment failures, logistics breakdowns, labor shortages, natural disasters, power failures, production failures or product recalls, and numerous other factors could prevent us from realizing the intended benefits of our sales strategy and have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, although we commercially supply Jelmyto , further build-out is required and establishing such commercial-scale supply capabilities requires additional investment, is time-consuming and may be subject to delays, including because of shortage of labor, compliance with regulatory requirements or receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. In addition, building out our Jelmyto commercial supply capabilities may cost more than we currently anticipate, and delays or problems may adversely impact our ability to provide sufficient quantities of Jelmyto to support our commercialization of Jelmyto and planned future commercialization of UGN-102, if approved, as well as our financial condition. 
 
 While we currently have over 12 months of mitomycin API and/or Jelmyto finished product on hand to continue our commercial and clinical operations as planned, we may face such delays or costs in future years. Although we believe we have sufficient quantities of mitomycin API for planned manufacturing operations during 2022, a prolonged supply interruption of certain components could adversely affect our ability to conduct commercialization activities and planned clinical trials. If any third party in our supply or distribution chain for materials or finished product is adversely impacted by restrictions resulting from a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including staffing shortages, production slowdowns and disruptions in delivery systems, our supply chain may be disrupted, limiting our ability to manufacture and distribute Jelmyto for commercial sales and our product candidates for our clinical trials and research and development operations. 

In addition, before we can begin to commercially manufacture any product candidates that receive regulatory approval in the future other than Jelmyto , whether in a third-party facility or in our own facility, once established, we must obtain regulatory approval from the FDA for our manufacturing process and facility in order to sell such products in the United States. A manufacturing authorization would also have to be obtained from the appropriate European Union regulatory authorities in order to sell such products in the European Union. In order to obtain approval, we will need to ensure that all of the processes, methods and equipment of such manufacturing facilities are compliant with cGMP, and perform extensive audits of vendors, contract laboratories and suppliers. If any vendors, contract laboratories or suppliers are found to be out of compliance with cGMP, we may experience delays or disruptions in manufacturing while we work with these third parties to remedy the violation or while we work to identify suitable replacement vendors. The cGMP requirements govern quality control of the manufacturing process and documentation policies and procedures. In complying with cGMP, we will be obligated to expend time, money and effort in production, record keeping and quality control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory action and may not be permitted to sell any product candidate that we may develop. 
 
 Our continuing reliance on third party subcontractors and suppliers entails a number of risks, including reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, the possible breach of the manufacturing or supply agreement by the third party, and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. In addition, third party subcontractors and suppliers may not be able to comply with cGMP or quality system regulation ("QSR") or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. If any of these risks transpire, we may be unable to timely retain alternate subcontractors or suppliers on acceptable terms and with sufficient quality standards and production capacity, which may disrupt and delay our clinical trials or the manufacture and commercial sale of our in-line or investigational product candidates, if approved. 
 
 Our failure or the failure of our third-party subcontractors and suppliers to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of Jelmyto , UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates that we may develop. Any failure or refusal to supply or any interruption in supply of the components for Jelmyto , UGN-102 or any other product candidates that we may develop could delay, prevent or impair our clinical development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 We currently use single source suppliers relative to production of the RTGel products, the ureteral catheter and injector which are required to be used with Jelmyto . Both the ureteral catheter and injector are used as part of the delivery of Jelmyto . We are assessing second source suppliers regarding certain components of Jelmyto and are advancing these conversations as a means to ensure both a second source and potential future reductions in cost of revenues. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure any second-source suppliers for these key components on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all. 
 
 We rely on third party transportation to deliver materials to our facilities and ship products to our customers. Transport operators are exposed to various risks, such as extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, work stoppages, personnel shortages, and operating hazards, as well as interstate and international transportation requirements. In addition, transport operators were affected by the impact of COVID-19 and the related shipping crisis and backlog, which led to increased shipping costs and supply chain disruptions, and a resurgence of COVID-19 or other pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies may cause similar disruptions that may impact our operations in the future. 
 
 If we experience transportation problems, or if there are other significant changes in the cost of these services, we may not be able to arrange efficient alternatives and timely means to obtain materials or ship products to our customers. Our failure to obtain such materials, ship products or maintain sufficient buffer inventory could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may need to enter into agreements with additional distributors or suppliers, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to maintain and, if needed, expand, our network of specialty distributors or suppliers, this would expose us to substantial risk in our clinical development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 Failure to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions would prevent our approved product, Jelmyto, and our product candidates from being marketed abroad. 
 
 In order to market and sell our products in the European Union and other jurisdictions, we or our third-party collaborators must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval processes outside the United States generally include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be commercialized in that country. We may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may not be able to submit for marketing approvals and may not receive the necessary approvals to commercialize our product candidates in any particular market. For example, we have entered into an exclusive license agreement with Neopharm Ltd. ("Neopharm"), pursuant to which Neopharm is leading the process for seeking regulatory approval of Jelmyto in Israel. Neopharm initiated the regulatory approval process in June 2021 and the Israeli Ministry of Health has issued a registration certificate for the product. Additional analytical testing of proposed commercial materials is required to be completed before full clearance to market. Even if Jelmyto is fully approved for marketing in Israel, there can be no assurance that it will achieve the broad degree of physician adoption and use and market acceptance necessary for commercial success. 

34

We rely on third parties and consultants to assist us in conducting our clinical trials for our product candidates. If these third parties or consultants do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates. 
 
 We do not have the ability to independently conduct many of our nonclinical studies or our clinical trials. We rely on medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories, and other third parties, such as CROs to conduct clinical trials on our product candidates. Third parties play a significant role in the conduct of our clinical trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. These third parties are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements, we have limited ability to control the amount or timing of resources that any such third party will devote to our clinical trials. Due to the limited drug development for non-muscle invasive urothelial cancers over the past 15 years, neither we nor any third-party clinical investigators, CROs and/or consultants are likely to have extensive experience conducting clinical trials for the indications we are targeting. If our CROs or any other third parties upon which we rely for administration and conduct of our clinical trials do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, or if they otherwise perform in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates. 
 
 We and the third parties upon whom we rely are required to comply with Good Clinical Practice ("GCP"), regulations, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by regulatory authorities around the world for products in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP regulations through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or our third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and our submission of marketing applications may be delayed, or the regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, a regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials comply or complied with applicable GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with material produced under current GMP regulations, which are enforced by regulatory authorities. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be impacted if our CROs, clinical investigators or other third parties violate federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations; healthcare privacy and security laws; and bribery and anti-corruption laws. 
 
 In order for our clinical trials to be carried out effectively and efficiently, it is imperative that our CROs and other third parties communicate and coordinate with one another. Moreover, our CROs and other third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. Our CROs and other third parties may terminate their agreements with us upon as few as 30 days notice under certain circumstances. If our CROs or other third parties conducting our clinical trials do not perform their contractual duties or obligations, experience work stoppages, do not meet expected deadlines, terminate their agreements with us or need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical trial protocols or GCPs, or for any other reason, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials or enter into new arrangements with alternative CROs, clinical investigators or other third parties. We may be unable to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs, clinical investigators or other third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Switching or adding CROs, clinical investigators or other third parties can involve substantial cost and require extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays may occur, which can impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Although we carefully manage our relationship with our CROs, clinical investigators and other third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter such challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a negative impact on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 If in the future we acquire or in-license technologies or product candidates, we may incur various costs, may have integration difficulties and may experience other risks that could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 In the future, we may acquire or in-license additional product candidates and technologies. Any product candidate or technologies we in-license or acquire will likely require additional development efforts prior to commercial sale, including extensive nonclinical or clinical testing, or both, and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities, if any. All product candidates are prone to risks of failure inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that the product candidate, or product developed based on in-licensed technology, will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. If intellectual property related to product candidates or technologies we in-license is not adequate, we may not be able to commercialize the affected products even after expending resources on their development. In addition, we may not be able to economically manufacture or successfully commercialize any product candidate that we develop based on acquired or in-licensed technology that is granted regulatory approval, and such products may not gain wide acceptance or be competitive in the marketplace. Moreover, integrating any newly acquired or in-licensed product candidates could be expensive and time-consuming. If we cannot effectively manage these aspects of our business strategy, our business may be materially harmed. 

35

We will need to continue to increase the size of our organization. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business could be disrupted. 
 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 200 employees, of whom 42 are based in Israel and 158 are based in the United States. We will need to continue to expand our development, quality, managerial, operational, finance, marketing, sales and other resources to manage our operations and clinical trials, continue our development activities and commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Our management, personnel, systems and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively execute our expansion strategy requires that we: 

manage our clinical trials effectively; 

identify, recruit, retain, incentivize and integrate additional employees; 

manage our internal development efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to third parties; and 

continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

As we continue to grow as an organization, including by expanding our development efforts and building out and developing our commercial capabilities to support our ongoing commercial launch of Jelmyto , we will evaluate, and may implement, changes to our organization that may be appropriate in order to properly manage and direct our growth and transformation into a commercial-stage company. Due to our limited financial resources and our limited experience in managing a larger company, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage expansion or other significant changes to our organization could delay the execution of our development, commercialization and strategic objectives or disrupt our operations; and if we are not successful in commercializing our approved product or any of our product candidates that may receive regulatory approval, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our revenues will suffer, and we would incur significant additional losses. 
 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of any of our other products we develop. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and face or will face an even greater risk with the commercialization of Jelmyto and any investigational product candidates that receive marketing approval. For example, we may be sued if any product we develop allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our products. Even a successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for Jelmyto and our investigational product candidates we develop; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants or cancellation of clinical trials; 

costs to defend the related litigation, which may be only partially recoverable even in the event of successful defenses; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

regulatory investigations, product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenues; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; and 

the inability to commercialize any product we develop. 

Our inability to obtain and maintain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost and scope of coverage to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we may develop. We currently carry general clinical trial product liability insurance in an amount that we believe is adequate to cover the scope of our ongoing clinical programs. Although we maintain such insurance, any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions and deductibles, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. We will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Moreover, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses. As a result of receiving marketing approval of Jelmyto , we have expanded our insurance coverage to include the commercialization of Jelmyto ; however, we may be unable to continue to obtain this liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms and such insurance may be insufficient to cover our exposure. In addition, if and when we obtain approval for marketing UGN-102 or any other product candidate, we intend to further expand our insurance coverage to include the commercialization of UGN-102 or any other approved product; however, we may be unable to obtain this additional liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms. 

36

If we fail to attract and keep senior management and key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our product candidates, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize any of the products we develop. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical, scientific and other personnel. We believe that our future success is highly dependent upon the contributions of members of our senior management, as well as our senior scientists and other members of our management team. The loss of services of any of these individuals could delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, completion of our planned clinical trials or the commercialization of our product candidates. 
 
 Although we have not historically experienced unique difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees, we could experience such problems in the future. For example, competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical field is intense due to the limited number of individuals who possess the skills and experience required by our industry. We will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our clinical development and commercial activities. We may not be able to attract and retain quality personnel on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, to the extent we hire personnel from competitors, we may be subject to allegations that they have been improperly solicited or that they have divulged proprietary or other confidential information, or that their former employers own their research output. 
 
 If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon whom we rely, are or were compromised, this could result in adverse consequences resulting from such compromise including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; a material disruption of our drug development program; compromise sensitive information related to our business; harm our reputation; triggering our breach notification obligations; prevent us from accessing critical information; disruptions of our business operations; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales and expose us to liability or other adverse effects to our business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we, and the third parties upon which we rely, process proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data (such as health information), intellectual property, trade secrets, and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or other parties (collectively, sensitive information). 
 
 We, our CROs and other contractors, consultants, third-party vendors, and other third parties on which we rely, depend on information technology, telecommunication systems and data processing for significant elements of our operations, including, for example, systems handling human resources, financial reporting and controls, regulatory compliance and other infrastructure operations. Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive information and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. 
 
 Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we, the third parties upon which we rely, may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. 
 
 In particular, ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, disruption of clinical trials, loss of data (including data related to clinical trials), loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational impact of a ransomware attack, ransomware attack victims may prefer to make payment demands, but if we were to be a victim of such an attack, we may be unwilling or unable to do so (including, for example, if applicable laws or regulations prohibit such payments). Similarly, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach or disruption of our systems and networks or the systems or networks of third parties that support us. Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 
 We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. 
 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to operate our business. 
 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may be unable to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Despite our efforts to identify and address vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. 
 
 Additionally, applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. For example, failures or significant downtime of our information technology or telecommunication systems or those used by our third-party service providers could cause significant interruptions in our operations and adversely impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of sensitive information, including preventing us from conducting clinical trials, tests or research and development activities and preventing us from managing the administrative aspects of our business. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security incident results in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. If the information technology systems of our third-party vendors and other contractors become subject to disruptions or security incidents, we may have insufficient recourse against such third parties and may have to expend significant resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 
 Under applicable employment laws, we may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete. 
 
 We generally enter into non-competition agreements as part of our employment agreements with our employees. These agreements generally prohibit our employees, if they cease working for us, from competing directly with us or working for our competitors or clients for a limited period. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws of the jurisdictions in which our employees work, and it may be difficult for us to restrict our competitors from benefitting from the expertise our former employees or consultants developed while working for us. 
 
 For example, Israeli labor courts have required employers seeking to enforce non-compete undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate that the competitive activities of the former employee will harm one of a limited number of material interests of the employer which have been recognized by the courts as justification for the enforcement of non-compete undertakings, such as the protection of a company s trade secrets or other intellectual property. 
 
 Additionally, on July 9, 2021, President Biden signed an executive order encouraging the Federal Trade Commission FTC to curtail unfair use of non-compete agreements and other agreements that may unfairly limit worker mobility. While we cannot predict how the initiatives set forth in the executive order will be implemented or, as a result, the impact that the executive order will have on our operations, there is now increased uncertainty regarding the long-term enforceability of our non-compete agreements. In January 2023, the FTC proposed a rule that, if enacted, would prohibit employers from entering into non-compete clauses with workers and require employers to rescind existing non-complete clauses. Moreover, the law governing non-compete agreements and other forms of restrictive covenants varies from state to state within the U.S. and some states are reluctant to strictly enforce non-compete agreements. 

37

Our employees, independent contractors, clinical investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, clinical investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct, breach of contract or other unauthorized activities that violate: FDA regulations, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to the FDA; manufacturing standards; federal, state and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws; buying or selling of our ordinary shares while in possession of material non-public information; or laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. 
 
 Specifically, research, sales, marketing, education and other business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive and other business arrangements. Activities subject to these laws also include the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a Corporate Code of Ethics and Conduct and a Compliance Program, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, even if we are successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business. Violations of such laws subject us to numerous penalties, including, but not limited to, the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Most states also have statutes or regulations similar to these federal laws, which may apply to items such as pharmaceutical products and services reimbursed by private insurers. We and/or our future partners may be subject to administrative, civil and criminal sanctions for violations of any of these federal and state laws. Pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of promotional and marketing activities, such as: providing free trips, free goods, improper consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits to prescribers; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by federal programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates. Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations, which could have a significant impact on the conduct of our business. 
 
 Our business involves the use of hazardous materials and we and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers must comply with environmental laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do business. 
 
 Our research and development activities and our third-party subcontractors and suppliers activities involve the controlled storage, use, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials owned by us, including mitomycin, key components of our product candidates, and other hazardous compounds. We and our manufacturers and suppliers are subject to laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these hazardous materials. Despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate the risk of contamination. This could cause an interruption of our commercialization efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by us and our subcontractors and suppliers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, we cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed our resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of certain materials and interrupt our business operations. 
 
 Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. We cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of our future compliance. 
 
 Exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. Dollar and the New Israeli Shekel may negatively affect our earnings. 
 
 The U.S. dollar is our functional and reporting currency. However, a significant portion of our operating expenses are incurred in New Israeli Shekels ("NIS"), which is the lawful currency of the State of Israel. As a result, we are exposed to the risks that the NIS may appreciate relative to the dollar, or, if the NIS instead devalues relative to the dollar, that the inflation rate in Israel may exceed such rate of devaluation of the NIS, or that the timing of such devaluation may lag behind inflation in Israel. In any such event, the dollar cost of our operations in Israel would increase and our dollar-denominated results of operations would be adversely affected. For example, the dollar appreciated against the NIS during 2022 by a total of 11.9 . We cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation in Israel or the rate of devaluation (if any) of the NIS against the dollar. If the dollar cost of our operations in Israel increases, our dollar-measured results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies. 
 
 A pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19, poses the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and other partners may be prevented from conducting certain business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to spread of the disease within these groups or due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. For example, COVID-19 and mitigation measures to slow its spread had an adverse impact on global economic conditions. While it is not possible at this time to estimate the impact that any such pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency could have on our business, if such an event were to occur, it could have an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. The measures that may be taken by various governments, in response to a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency, including a resurgence of COVID-19, could disrupt the supply chain of material needed for our product candidates and our approved product, Jelmyto , interrupt healthcare services, delay coverage decisions from Medicare and third party payors, delay ongoing and planned clinical trials involving our product candidates and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we and many of our potential customers and partners worldwide have in the past and may in the future be subject to stay-at-home orders as a result of COVID-19 or future pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19. In addition, our ongoing commercial launch of Jelmyto and subsequent commercialization activities could be hindered by a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency, including a resurgence of COVID-19, although we are currently not able to predict or quantify any such potential impact with any degree of certainty. The worldwide spread of the COVID-19 virus previously resulted in and a future pandemic, epidemic or public health emergency, including a resurgence of COVID-19, may in the future result in a varying degree of interruption or slowdown of economic activity, thereby impacting demand for a broad variety of goods and services, including potentially for Jelmyto , while also disrupting sales channels and marketing activities for an unknown period of time. 

38

The timelines and conduct of our ongoing clinical trials may be affected by future pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward any such pandemic, epidemic or public health emergency and patients ability or willingness to participate in clinical trials. For those patients who are enrolled and desire to continue in the clinical trials, some patients may not be able or willing to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines or governmental orders impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, we may face increased challenges with the ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to diseases, which could adversely impact our clinical trial operations, timelines and outcomes. While we remain in close contact with our clinical sites and suppliers to attempt to assess the impacts future pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19, may have on our clinical trials and projected timelines and we have reviewed and acknowledged recent FDA guidance in our protocols, and follow such guidance where possible, with an effort to ensure the ongoing safety of the patients in our clinical trials and the continued collection of high quality data, there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. As challenging as conducting clinical trials is during normal times, the risks, operational challenges and costs of conducting clinical trials have increased substantially following COVID-19. 
 
 Additionally, during most of the COVID-19 pandemic, our sales force had physical access to hospitals, surgery centers, clinics, healthcare providers and pharmacies curtailed, which we believe affected our sales and any future pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19, may in the future have a material adverse effect on our future sales. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, our territory business managers have been able to engage in higher levels of in-person physician interaction than they were previously during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, there can be no assurance that our territory business managers will continue to have in-person access to physicians if any future pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19, were to occur. In addition, while we have developed digital materials and programs for our sales force to use in order to engage virtually with their target physicians when in-person engagement is not safe or feasible, digital materials and virtual engagement may not be effective at growing and maintaining prescription levels of Jelmyto . Additionally, patients who are currently using Jelmyto or who are eligible to use Jelmyto , may be unable to meet with their healthcare providers in person, which may reduce the number of new patient starts and hinder the ability of healthcare providers to complete the recommended number of Jelmyto instillations, affecting our revenues both in our currently approved indication and potentially impacting our anticipated launches in other indications, if approved. 
 
 To the extent any future pandemics, epidemics or public health emergencies, including a resurgence of COVID-19, adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of this report. 
 
 Certain of our clinical trials and other significant operations (including our Israeli corporate offices and contract manufacturers) are located outside of the United States and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by geopolitical, economic and military instability. 
 
 Certain of our clinical trials, such as the Phase 3 ATLAS trial, are operated outside of the United States, including in the Ukraine and Russia. We continue to follow patients in ATLAS, in the region. However, due to the ongoing war, we have experienced difficulty in following up with patients in the region, and we may not have the ability to continue follow up of these patients. The failure to identify and operationalize any alternative clinical sites may have an adverse effect on patient enrollment, and could result in delays in enrolling, carrying out, and/or completing our clinical trials. If we experience delays in achieving our development objectives within a timeframe that meets our prospective customers expectations, our business, prospects, financial results and reputation could be harmed. 
 
 Geopolitical, economic and military conditions around the world may directly affect our business. Any hostilities involving any of the countries in which we operate, including terrorist activities, political instability or violence in the region or the interruption or curtailment of trade or transport between such country and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and results of operations and adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 
 Our business activities may be subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (" FCPA" and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of other countries in which we operate, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements could limit our ability to compete in foreign markets and subject us to liability if we violate them. 
 
 We currently dedicate certain resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate outside of the United States. Our business activities in these foreign countries may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. 
 
 The FCPA generally prohibits companies and their employees and third party intermediaries from offering, promising, giving or authorizing the provision of anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a non-U.S. government official in order to influence official action or otherwise obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with public officials, including officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many other countries, hospitals owned and operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees would be considered foreign officials under the FCPA. Recently the SEC and U.S. Department of Justice have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. There is no certainty that all of our employees, agents or contractors, or those of our affiliates, will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, disgorgement, and other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our product in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international activities, our ability to attract and retain employees and our business. 

39

In addition, our product and activities may be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import or export of our product, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization for our product, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of our product may create delays in the introduction of our product in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of our product to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or product targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our product by, or in our decreased ability to export our product to existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our product or limitation on our ability to export or sell access to our product would likely significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If our efforts to obtain, protect or enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights related to our product candidates and technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively, and we otherwise may be harmed. 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part upon our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and utilize trade secret protection for our intellectual property and proprietary technologies, our products and their uses, as well as our ability to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements, assignment of invention agreements and other contractual arrangements to protect the intellectual property related to hydrogel-based pharmaceutical compositions for optimal delivery of a drug in internal cavities such as the bladder, the method for treating cancer, in particular urothelial and bladder cancer using hydrogel-based compositions, the method for treating overactive bladder topically without the need for injections, including an in-dwelling ureter catheter system for optimal delivery of a drug into the renal cavity. 
 
 We seek patent protection for our product candidates, and we hold a broad collection of intellectual property comprised of issued patents, pending patent applications and trademarks covering our proprietary RTGel technology, the pharmaceutical compositions, methods of use and manufacturing aspects of our product candidates. In the United States, we currently hold approximately 19 granted patents that are directed to protect our approved product, Jelmyto and our lead product candidate, UGN-102, a proprietary RTGel technology, local compositions comprising different active ingredients, inter alia compositions comprising a Botulinum Toxin, UGN-201, the sequential use of UGN-201 and UGN-301, and our future product candidates that are under company research. These IP rights relate to certain aspects of cancer treatment. These issued patents are set to expire between 2024 and 2037. In total, our IP portfolio includes 42 granted patents worldwide, and more than 45 pending patent applications filed in the US, Europe, Israel, Japan, Canada, China, Mexico and Australia that are directed to cover various methods, systems and compositions for treating cancer locally, by intravesical means, utilize various active ingredients and the combinations thereof. These patent applications, if issued, are set to expire between 2031 and 2041. 
 
 Limitations on the scope of our intellectual property rights may limit our ability to prevent third parties from designing around such rights and competing against us. For example, our patents do not claim a new compound. Rather, the active pharmaceutical ingredients of our products are known compounds and our patents and pending patent applications are directed inter alia to novel formulations of these known compounds with our proprietary RTGel technology. Accordingly, other parties may compete with us, for example, by independently developing or obtaining competing topical formulations that design around our patent claims, but which may contain the same active ingredients, or by seeking to invalidate our patents. Any disclosure of or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, eroding our competitive position in the market. 

We will not necessarily seek to protect our intellectual property rights in all jurisdictions throughout the world and we may not be able to adequately enforce our intellectual property rights even in the jurisdictions where we seek protection. 
 
 One or more of the patent applications that we filed, or license may fail to result in granted patents in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, or if granted may fail to prevent a potential infringer from marketing its product or be deemed invalid and unenforceable by a court. Competitors in the field of reverse thermal gel therapies have created a substantial amount of scientific publications, patents and patent applications and other materials relating to their technologies. Our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on various factors, including interpretation of our technology and the prior art and whether the differences between them allow our technology to be patentable. Patent applications and granted patents are complex, lengthy and highly technical documents that are often prepared under limited time constraints and may not be free from errors that make their interpretation uncertain. The existence of errors in a patent may have an adverse effect on the patent, its scope and its enforceability. Our pending patent applications may not issue, and the scope of the claims of patent applications that do issue may be too narrow to adequately protect our competitive advantage. Also, our granted patents may be subject to challenges or narrowly construed and may not provide adequate protection. 

40

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to claims that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 
 Even if our patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such granted patents or any other granted patents we own or license, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. For example, patents granted by the European Patent Office may be opposed by any person within nine months from the publication of their grant. Also, patents granted by the USPTO may be subject to reexamination and other challenges. 
 
 Pharmaceutical patents and patent applications involve highly complex legal and factual questions, which, if determined adversely to us, could negatively impact our patent position. There is significant litigation activity in the pharmaceutical industry regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 
 The patent positions of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. The interpretation and breadth of claims allowed in some patents covering pharmaceutical compositions may be uncertain and difficult to determine and are often affected materially by the facts and circumstances that pertain to the patented compositions and the related patent claims. Furthermore, even if they are not challenged, our patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. To meet such challenges, which are part of the risks and uncertainties of developing and marketing product candidates, we may need to evaluate third party intellectual property rights and, if appropriate, to seek licenses for such third party intellectual property or to challenge such third party intellectual property, which may be costly and may or may not be successful, which could also have an adverse effect on the commercial potential for Jelmyto , UGN-102 and any of our other product candidates. 
 
 We may receive only limited protection, or no protection, from our issued patents and patent applications. 
 
 There can be no assurance that the patent applications will be granted. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. 
 
 The patent application process, also known as patent prosecution, is expensive and time consuming, and we or any future licensors and licensees may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or any future licensors or licensees will fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Therefore, these and any of our patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, etc., although we are unaware of any such defects that we believe are of material import. If we or any future licensors or licensees fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If any future licensors or licensees are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form or preparation of our patents or patent applications, such patents or applications may be invalid and unenforceable. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 The strength of patents in the pharmaceutical field involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. This uncertainty includes changes to the patent laws through either legislative action to change statutory patent law or court action that may reinterpret existing law in ways affecting the scope or validity of issued patents. The patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents in the United States or foreign countries with claims that cover our product candidates. Even if patents do successfully issue from the patent applications that we own or in-license, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such patents, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. For example, patents granted by the European Patent Office may be challenged, also known as opposed, by any person within nine months from the publication of their grant. Any successful challenge to our patents could deprive us of exclusive rights necessary for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our patents may not adequately protect our product candidates, provide exclusivity for our product candidates, or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we hold or pursue with respect to our product candidates is challenged, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop or threaten our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Without patent protection for our product candidates, we may be open to competition from generic versions of our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our development efforts, including our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. 
 
 A considerable number of our patents and patent applications are entitled to effective filing dates prior to March 16, 2013. For U.S. patent applications in which patent claims are entitled to a priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third party, for example a competitor, or instituted by the USPTO to determine who was the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by those patent claims. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Our participation in an interference proceeding may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management. 

41

Table of Contents 

Our trade secrets may not have sufficient intellectual property protection. 
 
 In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we also rely on trade secret protection to protect proprietary know-how that may not be patentable or that we elect not to patent, processes for which patents may be difficult to obtain or enforce, and any other elements of our product candidates, and our product development processes (such as manufacturing and formulation technologies) that involve proprietary know-how, information or technology that is not covered by patents. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. If the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating any trade secrets. Misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets could significantly affect our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, trade secret protection does not prevent competitors from independently developing substantially equivalent information and techniques and we cannot guarantee that our competitors will not independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. The FDA, as part of its Transparency Initiative, is currently considering whether to make additional information publicly available on a routine basis, including information that we may consider to be trade secrets or other proprietary information, and it is not clear at the present time how the FDA s disclosure policies may change in the future, if at all. 
 
 In an effort to protect our trade secrets and other confidential information, we require our employees, consultants, advisors, and any other third parties that have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology, for example, third parties involved in the formulation and manufacture of our product candidates, and third parties involved in our clinical trials to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual s relationship with us is kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. However, we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed despite having such confidentiality agreements. Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets. In addition, in some situations, these confidentiality agreements may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of third parties with whom our employees, consultants, or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. To the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use any intellectual property owned by third parties in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in any related or resulting know-how and inventions. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our trade secrets to third parties, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 
 As is the case with other pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly on obtaining and enforcing patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity, and therefore, is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging patent reform legislation. Further, recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have either narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. 
 
 For our U.S. patent applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, there is a greater level of uncertainty in the patent law. In September 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act ("AIA"), was signed into law. The AIA includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO is currently developing regulations and procedures to govern administration of the AIA, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the AIA. It is not clear what other, if any, impact the AIA will have on the operation of our business. Moreover, the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could harm our business and financial condition. 
 
 An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned to a first-to-file system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the same invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by the third party. This will require us to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Furthermore, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our technology and the prior art allow our technology to be patentable over the prior art. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our product candidates or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our patents or patent applications. 
 
 Among some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are changes that limit where a patentee may file a patent infringement suit and provide opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the USPTO. This applies to all of our U.S. patents, even those issued before March 16, 2013. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in a United States federal court necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. 
 
 Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 

42

Table of Contents 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 
 The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent prosecution process. 
 
 Periodic maintenance fees and various other governmental fees on any issued patent and/or pending patent applications are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of a patent or patent application. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees. While an inadvertent lapse may sometimes be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are many situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications directed to our product candidates, our competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than should otherwise have been the case, which could harm our business. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. For example, unlike other countries, China has a heightened requirement for patentability, and specifically requires a detailed description of medical uses of a claimed drug. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement on infringing activities is inadequate. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. 
 
 Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, certain countries in Europe and certain developing countries, including India and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if our patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to our patents to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own or license. Finally, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in foreign intellectual property laws. 
 
 If we are unable to protect our trademarks from infringement, our business prospects may be harmed. 
 
 We filed applications for trademarks Jelmyto , RTGel , UroGen and Cystoject that identify our branding elements, such as Jelmyto and our unique technology in the United States, Europe, Japan and China. Although we take steps to monitor the possible infringement or misuse of our trademarks, it is possible that third parties may infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our trademark rights. Any unauthorized use of our trademarks could harm our reputation or commercial interests. In addition, our enforcement against third-party infringers or violators may be unduly expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome may be an inadequate remedy. 
 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property rights or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive and time consuming. 
 
 Third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property, including our existing patents, patents that may issue to us in the future, or the patents of our licensors to which we have a license. As a result, we may be required to file infringement claims to stop third-party infringement or unauthorized use. Further, we may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. 
 
 Drug manufacturers may develop, seek approval for, and launch generic versions of our products. If we file an infringement action against such a generic drug manufacturer, that company may challenge the scope, validity or enforceability of our or our licensors patents, requiring us and/or our licensors to engage in complex, lengthy and costly litigation or other proceedings. 

43

Table of Contents 

For example, if we or one of our licensors initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidates is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace, and there are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. 
 
 In addition, within and outside of the United States, there has been a substantial amount of litigation and administrative proceedings, including interference and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in various foreign jurisdictions, regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical industry. Recently, the AIA introduced new procedures including inter partes review and post grant review. The implementation of these procedures brings uncertainty to the possibility of challenges to our patents in the future, including challenges by competitors who perceive our patents as blocking entry into the market for their products, and the outcome of such challenges. 
 
 Such litigation and administrative proceedings could result in revocation of our patents or amendment of our patents such that they do not cover our product candidates. They may also put our pending patent applications at risk of not issuing or issuing with limited and potentially inadequate scope to cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. Additionally, it is also possible that prior art of which we are aware, but which we do not believe affects the validity or enforceability of a claim, may, nonetheless, ultimately be found by a court of law or an administrative panel to affect the validity or enforceability of a claim. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a negative impact on our business. 
 
 Enforcing our or our licensors intellectual property rights through litigation is very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. 
 
 Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, during the course of litigation or administrative proceedings, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments or public access to related documents. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our ordinary shares could be significantly harmed. 
 
 We may become subject to claims for remuneration or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result in litigation and adversely affect our business. 
 
 A significant portion of our intellectual property has been developed by our employees during their employment. Our employees execute agreements that assign to us any ownership interest in a patent or patent application created in the scope of the employee s employment. In Israel, the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967, or the Patent Law, provides that inventions conceived by an employee during the scope of his or her employment with a company are regarded as service inventions. Accordingly, our employees in Israel also enter into agreements that, among other things, waive the right to special remuneration for service inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement. The Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee, or the Committee, a body constituted under the Patent Law, has previously held, in certain cases, that employees may be entitled to remuneration for service inventions that they develop during their service for a company despite their explicit waiver of such right. Therefore, although we enter into agreements with our Israeli employees that waive their right to special remuneration for service inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement, we may nonetheless face claims by employees demanding remuneration beyond their regular salary and benefits. 
 
 Third-party claims alleging intellectual property infringement may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties, for example, the intellectual property rights of competitors. Our commercialization activities may be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate patents owned or controlled by third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our activities related to our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. We cannot assure you that our product candidates will not infringe existing or future patents. We may unknowingly infringe existing patents by commercialization of our product candidates. It is also possible that patents of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our product candidates, could nevertheless be found to be infringed by our product candidates. Nevertheless, we are not aware of any issued patents that we believe would prevent us from marketing our product candidates, if approved. There may also be patent applications that have been filed but not published that, when issued as patents, could be asserted against us. 

44

Table of Contents 

Third parties making claims against us for infringement or misappropriation of their intellectual property rights may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would cause us to incur substantial expenses, and would be a substantial diversion of management time and employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us by a third party, we may have to (i) pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed the third party s patents; (ii) obtain one or more licenses from the third party; (iii) pay royalties to the third party; and/or (iv) redesign any infringing products. Redesigning any infringing products may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditures. Further, we cannot predict whether any required license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. In the event that we could not obtain a license, we may be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. 
 
 Defending ourselves or our licensors in litigation is very expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than we can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties. 
 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise improperly used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our employees former employers. Further, we may be subject to ownership disputes in the future arising, for example, from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidates. We may also be subject to claims that former employees, consultants, independent contractors, collaborators or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents or other intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging our right to and use of confidential and proprietary information. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose our rights therein. Such an outcome could have a negative impact on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and employees. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 
 If the FDA does not conclude that UGN-102 satisfies the requirements under 505(b)(2) or if the requirements for our product candidates are not as we expect, the approval pathway for these product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in either case may not be successful. 
 
 The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the "Hatch-Waxman Act"), added 505(b)(2) to the FDCA. 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant, and for which the applicant has not received a right of reference, which could expedite the development program for UGN-102 and our other product candidates by potentially decreasing the amount of nonclinical and clinical data that we would need to generate in order to obtain FDA approval. However, while we believe that our product candidates are reformulations of existing drugs and, therefore, will not be treated as NCEs, the submission of an NDA under the 505(b)(2) pathway does not preclude the FDA from determining that the product candidate that is the subject of such submission is an NCE and therefore not eligible for review under such regulatory pathway. 
 
 If the FDA does not allow us to pursue the 505(b)(2) pathway as anticipated, we may need to conduct additional nonclinical experiments and clinical trials, provide additional data and information, and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for these product candidates, and complications and risks associated with these product candidates, would likely increase significantly. Moreover, inability to pursue the 505(b)(2) pathway could result in new competitive products reaching the market more quickly than our product candidates, which would likely harm our competitive position and prospects. Even if we are allowed to pursue the 505(b)(2) pathway, our product candidates may not receive the requisite approvals for commercialization. 

45

Table of Contents 

In addition, notwithstanding the approval of a number of products by the FDA under 505(b)(2) certain competitors and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of 505(b)(2). If the FDA s interpretation of 505(b)(2) is successfully challenged, the FDA may be required to change its 505(b)(2) policies and practices, which could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any NDA that we submit under 505(b)(2). In addition, the pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and 505(b)(2) NDAs are subject to special requirements designed to protect the patent rights of sponsors of previously approved drugs that are referenced in a 505(b)(2) NDA. These requirements may give rise to patent litigation and mandatory delays in approval of our potential future NDAs for up to 30 months depending on the outcome of any litigation. It is not uncommon for a manufacturer of an approved product to file a citizen petition with the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose additional approval requirements for, pending competing products. If successful, such petitions can significantly delay, or even prevent, the approval of the new product. However, even if the FDA ultimately denies such a petition, the FDA may substantially delay approval while it considers and responds to the petition. In addition, even if we are able to utilize the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for our product candidates, there is no guarantee this would ultimately lead to faster product development or earlier approval. 
 
 Moreover, even if these product candidates are approved under the 505(b)(2) pathway, as the case may be, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the products may be marketed or to other conditions of approval or may contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the products. 
 
 We expect current and future legislation affecting the healthcare industry, including healthcare reform, to impact our business generally and to increase limitations on reimbursement, rebates and other payments, which could adversely affect third-party coverage of our products, our operations, and/or how much or under what circumstances healthcare providers will prescribe or administer our products, if approved. 
 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 
 For example, in March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA ), 
 laws intended, among other things, to broaden access to health insurance, improve quality of care, and reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending. 

46

Table of Contents 

There have been judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear any such challenges, other litigation and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to healthcare providers of up to 2.0 per fiscal year, which started in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA, will stay in effect until 2031, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several categories of healthcare providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Further, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s AMP, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. 
 
 Additionally, there have been several recent U.S. presidential executive orders, Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation at the federal and state levels designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. At the federal level, for example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, on November 15, 2021, President Biden signed into law the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. Beginning on January 1, 2023, manufacturers will be required to pay quarterly refunds to CMS for discarded amounts of certain single-dose container and single-use package drugs payable under part B of the Medicare program. Refunds are based on the discarded volume above 10 of the total allowed amount. However, in unique circumstances, CMS will increase the applicable threshold to 35 . At this time, CMS has determined that Jelmyto fits within this unique circumstance classification. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. If healthcare policies or reforms intended to curb healthcare costs are adopted, or if we experience negative publicity with respect to the pricing of our products or the pricing of pharmaceutical drugs generally, the prices that we charge for any approved products may be limited, our commercial opportunity may be limited and/or our revenues from sales of our products may be negatively impacted. 

47

Table of Contents 

These laws may result in additional reductions in healthcare funding, which could have an adverse effect on our customers and accordingly, our financial operations. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on our operations, including the marketing approvals of UGN-102 or our other product candidates may be. 
 
 Although we cannot predict the full effect on our business of the implementation of existing legislation or the enactment of additional legislation pursuant to healthcare and other legislative reform, we believe that legislation or regulations that would reduce reimbursement for, or restrict coverage of, our products could adversely affect how much or under what circumstances healthcare providers will prescribe or administer our products. This could adversely affect our business by reducing our ability to generate revenues, raise capital, obtain additional licensees and market our products. In addition, we believe the increasing emphasis on managed care in the United States has and will continue to put pressure on the price and usage of pharmaceutical products, which may adversely impact product sales. 
 
 We may be unable to obtain Orphan Drug Designation or exclusivity for future product candidates we may develop. If our competitors are able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for their products that are for the same indication as our product candidates, we may not be able to have competing products approved by the applicable regulatory authority for a significant period of time. 
 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983 (the "Orphan Drug Act"), the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat an orphan disease or condition, defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. 
 
 In the United States, Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives the first FDA approval for the indication for which it has Orphan Drug Designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. Although the FDA has granted orphan drug exclusivity to Jelmyto for the treatment of UTUC, we may not receive orphan drug exclusivity for any of our other product candidates that have received orphan designation. 
 
 Although the FDA has granted Orphan Drug Designation to Jelmyto and UGN-201 for treatment of UTUC and CIS, respectively, we may not receive Orphan Drug Designation for any of our other product candidates. If our competitors are able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for their products that are the same or similar to our product candidates before our drug candidates are approved, we may not be able to have competing product candidates approved by the FDA for a significant period of time. Any delay in our ability to bring our product candidates to market would negatively impact our business, revenue, cash flows and operations. 
 
 Orphan Drug Designation may not ensure that we will enjoy market exclusivity in a particular market, and if we fail to obtain or maintain orphan drug exclusivity for our product candidates, we may be subject to earlier competition and our potential revenue will be reduced. 
 
 Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, user-fee waivers and market exclusivity for certain periods of time. 
 
 Jelmyto and UGN-201 have been granted Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of UTUC and CIS, respectively, in the United States. Even if we obtain Orphan Drug Designation for our other product candidates, we may not be the first to obtain regulatory approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing biotechnology products. Further, even if we obtain Orphan Drug Designation for a product candidate, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition. In addition, if a competitor obtains approval and marketing exclusivity for a drug product with an active moiety that is the same as that in a product candidate we are pursuing for the same indication, approval of our product candidate would be blocked during the period of marketing exclusivity unless we could demonstrate that our product candidate is clinically superior to the approved product. Conversely, even if we are granted orphan exclusivity, a competitor that demonstrates clinical superiority with the same active moiety may obtain approval prior to expiration of our exclusivity. In addition, if a competitor obtains approval and marketing exclusivity for a drug product with an active moiety that is the same as that in a product candidate, we are pursuing for a different orphan indication, this may negatively impact the market opportunity for our product candidate. There have been legal challenges to aspects of the FDA s regulations and policies concerning the exclusivity provisions of the Orphan Drug Act, and future challenges could lead to changes that affect the protections afforded our product candidates in ways that are difficult to predict. 

48

Table of Contents 

Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expenses, limit or withdraw regulatory approval and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 
 Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval will be subject to continual regulatory review by the FDA and/or foreign regulatory authorities. Additionally, Jelmyto and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements, including labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our products. 
 
 The FDA approval of Jelmyto is, and any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be, subject to limitations on the approved indications for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval. In addition, any regulatory approvals that we receive for our current or future product candidates may contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product. In addition, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for Jelmyto is, and any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval will be, subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMP and GCP for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. 
 
 Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products or product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with our third-party manufacturers processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; and 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Our ongoing regulatory requirements may also change from time to time, potentially harming or making costlier our commercialization efforts. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or other countries. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our relationships with healthcare professionals, independent contractors, clinical investigators, CROs, consultants and vendors in connection with our current and future business activities may be subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face significant penalties. 
 
 We are subject to various U.S. federal, state and foreign health care laws, including those intended to prevent health care fraud and abuse. These laws may impact, among other things, our clinical research, sales and marketing activities, and constrain the business or financial arrangements with healthcare providers, physicians, and other parties that have the ability to directly or indirectly influence the prescribing, ordering, marketing, or distribution of products for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. Remuneration has been broadly defined to include anything of value, including, but not limited to, cash, improper discounts, and free or reduced-price items and services. 
 
 Federal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act (the "FCA"), and civil monetary penalties law impose penalties against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent or making a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The FCA has been used to, among other things, prosecute persons and entities submitting claims for payment that are inaccurate or fraudulent, that are for services not provided as claimed, or for services that are not medically necessary. The FCA includes a whistleblower provision that allows individuals to bring actions on behalf of the federal government and share a portion of the recovery of successful claims. 

49

Table of Contents 

Many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes and regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. State and federal authorities have aggressively targeted pharmaceutical companies for, among other things, alleged violations of these anti-fraud statutes, based on among other things, unlawful financial inducements paid to prescribers and beneficiaries, as well as impermissible promotional practices, including certain marketing arrangements that rely on volume-based pricing and off-label promotion of FDA-approved products. 
 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA"), among other things, imposes civil and criminal liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including public and private payors, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 
 
 Additionally, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and their implementing regulations, impose, among other things, specified requirements on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, and their business associates as well as their covered subcontractors relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms and required implementation of certain safeguards of such information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways, may not have the same effect and may not be preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 Our operations are also subject to the federal Open Payments program pursuant to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under Section 6002 of the ACA and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value provided to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals and certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members to CMS. We may also be subject to state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, drug pricing, and/or state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidelines promulgated by the federal government. 
 
 Many states have also adopted laws similar to each of the above federal laws, which may be broader in scope and apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor, including commercial insurers. In addition, we may be subject to certain foreign healthcare laws that are analogous to the U.S. healthcare laws described above. If any of our business activities, including but not limited to our relationships with healthcare providers, are found to violate any of the aforementioned laws, we may be subject to significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Also, the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from reckless or negligent acts committed by our employees, future distributors, partners, collaborators or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could result in fines, penalties or prosecution and have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 
 Legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms in the United States or abroad may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory clearance or approval of our product candidates or any future product candidates and to produce, market, and distribute our products after clearance or approval is obtained. 
 
 From time to time, legislation is drafted and introduced in Congress in the United States or by governments in foreign jurisdictions that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory clearance or approval, manufacture, and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof. In addition, FDA or foreign regulatory agency regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory agency in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of our product candidates or any future product candidates. We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted may have on our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things, require: 

changes to manufacturing methods; 

recall, replacement, or discontinuance of one or more of our products; and 

additional recordkeeping. 

Each of these would likely entail substantial time and cost and could harm our business and our financial results. In addition, delays in receipt of or failure to receive regulatory clearances or approvals for any future products would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

50

Table of Contents 

We are subject to stringent and changing U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, self-regulatory schemes, government regulation, policies, standards, and other obligations related to data privacy and security. The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners or vendors to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, "processing") proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data, intellectual property, and trade secrets (collectively, "sensitive information"). Our data processing activities may subject to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as domestic and foreign laws and regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security. 
 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous privacy, data protection, and data security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, HIPAA imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights related to their personal data. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation) and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA may increase compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CPRA, which could increase the risk of enforcement. Other states, such as Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, all of which become effective in 2023, and similar laws are being considered at the federal, state, and local levels in recent years. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us, the third parties upon whom we rely. These laws demonstrate our vulnerability to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data. As we expand our operations, these and similar laws may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. 
 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to privacy, data protection, and data security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR and the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR impose strict requirements for processing personal data. Our upcoming clinical trial will include sites in the EU, which will increase our exposure to potential liability under the EU GDPR. For example, under the EU GDPR, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions; fines of up to 20 million Euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. We anticipate that over time we may expand our business to include additional operations outside of the United States and Israel. With such expansion, we would be subject to increased governmental regulation in other countries in which we might operate, including the EU GDPR. Assisting our customers, partners, and vendors in complying with the EU GDPR or other foreign laws, or complying with such laws ourselves, may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to change our business practices. Additionally, under various privacy laws and other obligations, we may be required to obtain certain consents to process personal data. Our inability or failure to do so could result in adverse consequences. 
 
 Moreover, in the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK) have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Inability to import personal data from Europe to the United States may limit our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe, limit our ability to collaborate with contract research organizations, service providers, contractors and other entities subject to European data protection laws, adversely impact our operations, product development and ability to provide our products, and require us to increase our data processing capabilities in Europe at significant expense. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 
 We are also bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 
 Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources, which may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. Our business model materially depends on our ability to process personal data, so we are particularly exposed to the risks associated with the rapidly changing legal landscape. For example, we may be at heightened risk of regulatory scrutiny, and any changes in the regulatory framework could require us to fundamentally change our business model. We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. 
 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could negatively impact our business. 
 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 
 
 We maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials or other work-related injuries with policy limits that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies and adequate to provide us with coverage for foreseeable risks. Although we maintain such insurance, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 
 It may be difficult for us to profitably sell our product candidates if coverage and reimbursement for these products is limited by government authorities and/or third-party payor policies. 
 
 In addition to any healthcare reform measures which may affect reimbursement, market acceptance and sales of Jelmyto , UGN-102 and our other product candidates, if approved, will depend on the coverage and reimbursement policies of third-party payors, like government authorities, private health insurers, and managed care organizations. Third-party payors decide which medications they will cover and separately establish reimbursement levels. In October 2020, a Medicare C-Code was issued for Jelmyto and we have obtained pass-through status for two years, no more than three. CMS has established a permanent and product-specific J-code for Jelmyto that took effect on January 1, 2021. Our existing pass-through status is expiring in 2023, which could adversely affect the revenue we receive for Jelmyto. 
 
 A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government and other third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for health care products, examining the cost effectiveness of drugs in addition to their safety and efficacy, and limiting or attempting to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for prescription drugs. Although our experience to date has demonstrated coverage for Jelmyto , we cannot be sure that adequate coverage will be available for UGN-102 or our other product candidates, if approved, or, if coverage is available, the level of reimbursement will be adequate to make our products affordable for patients or profitable for us. In addition, if inflation or other factors were to significantly increase our business costs, it may not be feasible to pass price increases on to our customers due to the process by which healthcare providers are reimbursed for our product candidates. 
 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, decisions about reimbursement for new medicines under Medicare are made by CMS, as the administrator for the Medicare program. Private third-party payors often use CMS as a model for their coverage and reimbursement decisions, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from CMS s determinations. Our experience to date has demonstrated coverage with CMS and commercial payors for Jelmyto , and we have established written policies with certain commercial providers. However, it is difficult to predict what CMS as well as other third-party payors will decide with respect to reimbursement for fundamentally novel products such as ours, as there is no body of established practices and precedents for these new products. 

51

Table of Contents 

Reimbursement may impact the demand for, and/or the price of, any product for which we obtain marketing approval. Assuming we obtain coverage for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Moreover, for products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining and maintaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently become available. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. 
 
 Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors including the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 

a covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

Obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement approval for a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and cost effectiveness data for the use of our products to the payor. Further, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process may require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and/or sufficient reimbursement levels. 
 
 Although we have observed written policy coverage in commercial plans as well as coverage for government plans for Jelmyto to date, we cannot be sure that adequate coverage or reimbursement will continue to be available for Jelmyto , or be available for UGN-102 or any of our other product candidates, if approved. Also, we cannot be sure that reimbursement amounts will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our future products. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize Jelmyto , UGN-102 or our other product candidates, or achieve profitably at all, even if approved. Additionally, coverage policies and reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for any of our products or product candidates that receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. For example, beginning on January 1, 2023, manufacturers will be required to pay quarterly refunds to CMS for discarded amounts of single-dose container and single-use package drugs covered under Medicare Part B. Rebates will be based on the discarded volume above 10 of the total allowed amount. However, in unique circumstances, CMS will increase the applicable threshold to 35 . At this time, CMS has determined that Jelmyto fits within this unique circumstance classification. If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient third party coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products, the commercial success of our products may be greatly hindered and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

52

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares 
 
 The market price of our ordinary shares has been and may continue to be subject to fluctuation and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 The stock market in general has been, and the market price of our ordinary shares in particular has been and may continue to be, subject to fluctuation, whether due to, or irrespective of, our operating results and financial condition. The market price of our ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Global Market may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

the success of our launch and commercialization of Jelmyto ; 

actual or anticipated variations in our and our competitors results of operations and financial condition; 

physician and market acceptance of Jelmyto or any other approved product; 

the mix of products that we sell; 

any voluntary or mandatory recall of Jelmyto or any other approved product, or the imposition of any additional labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

our success or failure to obtain approval for and commercialize our product candidates; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if our ordinary shares are covered by analysts; 

development of technological innovations or new competitive products by others; 

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us; 

publication of the results of nonclinical or clinical trials for Jelmyto , UGN-102 or our other product candidates; 

failure by us to achieve a publicly announced milestone; 

delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced product candidates and the generation of sales from those products; 

developments concerning intellectual property rights; 

the announcement of, or developments in, any litigation matters, including any product liability claims related to Jelmyto or any of our product candidates; 

regulatory developments and the decisions of regulatory authorities as to the approval or rejection of new or modified products; 

changes in the amounts that we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, technologies or businesses; 

changes in our expenditures to promote our products; 

our sale or proposed sale, or the sale by our significant shareholders, of our ordinary shares or other securities in the future; 

changes in key personnel; 

success or failure of our research and development projects or those of our competitors; 

the trading volume of our ordinary shares; and 

general economic and market conditions and other factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, including factors unrelated to our operating performance. 

These factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may negatively impact the market price of our ordinary shares and result in substantial losses being incurred by our investors. In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could impose a substantial cost upon us and divert the resources and attention of our management from our business. 
 
 Future sales of our ordinary shares could reduce the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 
 If our existing shareholders, particularly our directors, their affiliates, or our executive officers, sell a substantial number of our ordinary shares in the public market, the market price of our ordinary shares could decrease significantly. The perception in the public market that our shareholders might sell our ordinary shares could also depress the market price of our ordinary shares and could impair our future ability to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. 
 
 In addition, our sale of additional ordinary shares or other securities in order to raise capital might have a similar negative impact on the share price of our ordinary shares. A decline in the price of our ordinary shares might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional ordinary shares or other equity securities and may cause you to lose part or all of your investment in our ordinary shares. 

53

Table of Contents 

Future equity offerings could result in future dilution and could cause the price of our ordinary shares to decline. 
 
 In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional ordinary shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our ordinary shares at prices that we determine from time to time, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing shareholders. We may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. On December 20, 2019, we entered into the ATM Sales Agreement pursuant to which we may from time to time offer and sell our ordinary shares, having an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million, to or through Cowen, acting as sales agent or principal, in any manner deemed to be an at-the market offering . As of December 31, 2022, 83.4 million remain available for sale under the ATM Sales Agreement. The shares will be offered and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 15, 2022, which was declared effective on November 29, 2022. 
 
 The significant share ownership position of our officers, directors and entities affiliated with certain of our directors may limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 
 Our officers, directors and entities affiliated with certain of our directors beneficially own a significant portion of our outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, these persons are able to significantly influence, though not independently determine, the outcome of matters required to be submitted to our shareholders for approval, including decisions relating to the election of our board of directors, and the outcome of any proposed merger or consolidation of our company. These interests may not be consistent with those of our other shareholders. In addition, these persons significant interest in us may discourage third parties from seeking to acquire control of us, which may adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our share capital, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our share capital, nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends on our share capital in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our ordinary shares will be investors sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. In addition, Israeli law limits our ability to declare and pay dividends and may subject our dividends to Israeli withholding taxes. 
 
 If we are classified as a passive foreign investment company (" PFIC" ), our U.S. shareholders may suffer adverse tax consequences. 
 
 Generally, for any taxable year, if at least 75 of our gross income is passive income, or at least 50 of the value of our assets is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income, including cash, we would be characterized as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 The determination of whether we are a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis and the applicable law is subject to varying interpretation. In particular, the characterization of our assets as active or passive may depend in part on our current and intended future business plans, which are subject to change. In addition, the total value of our assets for PFIC testing purposes may be determined in part by reference to the market price of our ordinary shares from time to time, which may fluctuate considerably. Under the income test, our status as a PFIC depends on the composition of our income which will depend on the transactions we enter into in the future and our corporate structure. The composition of our income and assets is also affected by how, and how quickly, we spend the cash we raise in any offering. 
 
 Based on our analysis of our income, assets, activities and market capitalization, we do not believe that we were a PFIC for the taxable year ended December 31, 2022. However, because the determination of whether or not we are a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis, and because the applicable law is subject to varying interpretation, we cannot provide any assurances regarding our PFIC status for any past, current or future taxable years. Our U.S. tax counsel has not provided any opinion regarding our PFIC status in any taxable year. 
 
 If we are characterized as a PFIC, our U.S shareholders may suffer adverse tax consequences, including having gains realized on the sale of our ordinary shares treated as ordinary income, rather than capital gain, the loss of the preferential rate applicable to dividends received on our ordinary shares by individuals who are U.S. shareholders who are individuals, having interest charges apply to distributions by us and gains from the sales of our shares, and additional reporting requirements under U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations. A U.S. Holder that (i) owns our ordinary shares at any point during a year in which we are characterized as a PFIC and (ii) does not timely make a QEF election (as described below) will treat such ordinary shares as stock in a PFIC for all subsequent tax years, even if we no longer qualify as a PFIC under the relevant tests in such subsequent tax years. A U.S. shareholder of a PFIC generally may mitigate these adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences by making a qualified electing fund QEF election, or, in some circumstances, a mark to market election. However, there is no assurance that we will provide the information required by the IRS in order to enable U.S. shareholders to make a timely QEF election. Moreover, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future. Accordingly, U.S. shareholders may be unable to make a timely QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares. 

54

Table of Contents 

Changes to tax laws could have a material adverse effect on us and reduce net returns to our shareholders. 
 
 Our tax treatment is subject to changes in tax laws, regulations and treaties, or the interpretation thereof, as well as tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration and the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate including those related to the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development s ("OECD") Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ("BEPS") Project (including "BEPS 2.0"), and the European Commission s state aid investigations and other initiatives. 
 
 Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the taxation of operating income, investment income, dividends received or, in the specific context of withholding tax dividends paid. The OECD has published a package of measures for reform as a product of BEPS, which include the reallocation of global profits of large multinational companies to market jurisdictions based on customer location as well as the introduction of a global minimum tax. Many of the package s proposed measures require amendments to the domestic tax legislation of various jurisdictions. 
 
 We are unable to predict what tax reform may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices, could affect our financial position and overall or effective tax rates in the future in countries where we have operations, reduce post-tax returns to our shareholders, and increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance. 
 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of our domestic and foreign earnings. For example, effective in 2022, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current period and requires U.S. taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 174. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. Changes in corporate tax rates, the realization of net deferred tax assets relating to our operations, the taxation of foreign earnings, and the deductibility of expenses could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future tax expenses. 
 
 Tax authorities may disagree with our positions and conclusions regarding certain tax positions, resulting in unanticipated costs, taxes or non-realization of expected benefits. 
 
 A tax authority may disagree with tax positions that we have taken, which could result in increased tax liabilities. For example, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or another tax authority could challenge our allocation of income by tax jurisdiction and the amounts paid between our affiliated companies pursuant to our intercompany arrangements and transfer pricing policies, including amounts paid with respect to our intellectual property development. Similarly, a tax authority could assert that we are subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable nexus, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. A tax authority may take the position that material income tax liabilities, interest and penalties are payable by us, in which case, we expect that we might contest such assessment. Contesting such an assessment may be lengthy and costly and if we were unsuccessful in disputing the assessment, the implications could increase our anticipated effective tax rate, where applicable. 
 
 If a United States person is treated as owning at least 10 of our ordinary shares, such holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
 
 If a United States person (as defined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )) is treated as owning (directly, indirectly or constructively) at least 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock entitled to vote or 10 or more of the total value of all classes of our stock, such United States person may be treated as a United States shareholder with respect to each controlled foreign corporation ("CFC") in our group (if any). Each United States shareholder of a CFC may be required to annually report and include in its U.S. taxable income its pro rata share of Subpart F income, global intangible low-taxed income and investments in U.S. property by the CFC, regardless of whether the CFC makes any distributions. In addition, a United States shareholder that realizes gain from the sale or exchange of shares in a CFC may be required to classify a portion of such gain as dividend income rather than capital gain. An individual who is a United States shareholder with respect to a CFC generally would not be allowed certain tax deductions or foreign tax credits that would be allowed to a United States shareholder that is a U.S. corporation. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a CFC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if United States shareholders own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the total value of the stock of such corporation. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is not entirely certain. Because our group includes at least one U.S. subsidiary (UroGen Pharma, Inc.), if we were to form or acquire any non-U.S. subsidiaries in the future, attribution rules could cause them to be treated as CFCs with respect to any United States person owning (directly, indirectly or constructively) at least 10 of the value or voting power of our ordinary shares. 
 
 We cannot provide any assurances that we will assist investors in determining whether we or any non-U.S. subsidiaries that we may form or acquire in the future would be treated as a CFC or whether such investor would be treated as a United States shareholder with respect to any such CFC. Further, we cannot provide any assurances that we will furnish to any United States shareholder information that may be necessary to comply with the reporting and tax paying obligations discussed above. Failure to comply with these reporting obligations may subject you to significant monetary penalties and may prevent the statute of limitations with respect to your U.S. federal income tax return for the year for which reporting was due from starting. U.S. shareholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of these rules to their investment in our ordinary shares. 
 . 

55

Table of Contents 

Our ability to use our U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income and taxes may be limited. 
 
 Under U.S. federal income tax law, federal net operating losses ("NOLs") incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs is limited to 80 of taxable income. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We have not performed a detailed analysis to determine whether an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code has occurred for UroGen Pharma, Inc. If we undergo or have undergone an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs and other tax attributes could be limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Future changes in our share ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. As a result, even if we attain profitability, we may be unable to use a material portion of our NOLs and other tax attributes, which could negatively impact our future cash flows. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 

Risks Related to our Operations in Israel 
 
 Our research and development and other significant operations are located in Israel and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic and military instability in Israel. 
 
 Our research and development facilities are located in Ra anana, Israel. If these or any future facilities in Israel were to be damaged, destroyed or otherwise unable to operate, whether due to war, acts of hostility, earthquakes, fire, floods, hurricanes, storms, tornadoes, other natural disasters, employee malfeasance, terrorist acts, pandemic, power outages or otherwise, or if performance of our research and development is disrupted for any other reason, such an event could delay our clinical trials or, if our product candidates are approved and we choose to manufacture all or any part of them internally, jeopardize our ability to manufacture our products as promptly as our prospective customers will likely expect, or possibly at all. If we experience delays in achieving our development objectives, or if we are unable to manufacture an approved product within a timeframe that meets our prospective customers expectations, our business, prospects, financial results and reputation could be harmed. 
 
 Political, economic and military conditions in Israel may directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries, Hamas (an Islamist militia and political group that controls the Gaza Strip) and Hezbollah (an Islamist militia and political group based in Lebanon). In addition, several countries, principally in the Middle East, restrict doing business with Israel, and additional countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies whether as a result of hostilities in the region or otherwise. Any hostilities involving Israel, terrorist activities, political instability or violence in the region or the interruption or curtailment of trade or transport between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and results of operations and adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 
 
 Additionally, the newly elected Israeli government has announced plans to significantly reduce the Israeli Supreme Court's judicial oversight, including reducing its ability to strike down legislation that it deems unreasonable, and plans to increase political influence over the selection of judges. These plans have prompted protests of Israeli citizens and criticism of leading Israeli business leaders as well as some foreign leaders. If such government plans are eventually enacted, they may cause operational challenges for us. In addition, if foreign policy is negatively impacted with regard to Israel, this could impact our business with suppliers and customers which could in turn adversely impact our reputation, results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation in the Middle East. Although the Israeli government is currently committed to covering the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, there can be no assurance that this government coverage will be maintained, or if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate us fully for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Further, our operations could be disrupted by the obligations of our employees to perform military service. As of January 31, 2023, we had 42 employees based in Israel. Of these employees, some may be military reservists, and may be called upon to perform military reserve duty of up to 36 days per year (and in some cases more) until they reach the age of 40 (and in some cases, up to the age of 45 or older). Additionally, they may be called to active duty at any time under emergency circumstances. In response to increased tension and hostilities in the region, there have been, at times, call-ups of military reservists, and it is possible that there will be additional call-ups in the future. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of these employees due to military service. Such disruption could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 Provisions of Israeli law and our articles of association may delay, prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an acquisition of, us, even when the terms of such a transaction are favorable to us and our shareholders. 
 
 Israeli corporate law regulates mergers, requires tender offers for acquisitions of shares above specified thresholds, requires special approvals for transactions involving directors, officers or significant shareholders and regulates other matters that may be relevant to such types of transactions. For example, a tender offer for all of a company s issued and outstanding shares can only be completed if shareholders not accepting the tender offer hold less than 5 of the issued share capital. Completion of the tender offer also requires approval of a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in the tender offer, unless shareholders not accepting the tender offer hold less than 2 of the company s outstanding shares. Furthermore, the shareholders, including those who indicated their acceptance of the tender offer, may, at any time within six months following the completion of the tender offer, petition an Israeli court to alter the consideration for the acquisition, unless the acquirer stipulated in its tender offer that a shareholder that accepts the offer may not seek such appraisal rights. 

56

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, Israeli tax considerations may make potential transactions unappealing to us or to our shareholders whose country of residence does not have a tax treaty with Israel exempting such shareholders from Israeli tax. For example, Israeli tax law does not recognize tax-free share exchanges to the same extent as U.S. tax law. With respect to mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain circumstances but makes the deferral contingent on the fulfillment of a number of conditions, including, in some cases, a holding period of two years from the date of the transaction during which sales and dispositions of shares of the participating companies are subject to certain restrictions. Moreover, with respect to certain share swap transactions, the tax deferral is limited in time, and when such time expires, the tax becomes payable even if no disposition of the shares has occurred. These provisions could delay, prevent or impede an acquisition of us or our merger with another company, even if such an acquisition or merger would be beneficial to us or to our shareholders. 
 
 It may be difficult to enforce a judgment of a U.S. court against us, our officers and directors or the Israeli experts named in our reports filed with the SEC in Israel or the United States, to assert U.S. securities laws claims in Israel or to serve process on our officers and directors and these experts. 
 
 We are incorporated in Israel. One of our directors resides outside of the United States, and most of the assets of this director are located outside of the United States. Therefore, a judgment obtained against us, or this director, including a judgment based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States and may not be enforced by an Israeli court. It may also be difficult for you to effect service of process on this director in the United States or to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws reasoning that Israel is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proven as a fact by expert witnesses, which can be a time consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. 
 
 There is little binding case law in Israel that addresses the matters described above. As a result of the difficulty associated with enforcing a judgment against us in Israel, you may not be able to collect any damages awarded by either a U.S. or foreign court. 
 
 Your rights and responsibilities as a shareholder will be governed by Israeli law, which differs in some material respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S. companies. 
 
 The rights and responsibilities of the holders of our ordinary shares are governed by our articles of association and by Israeli law. These rights and responsibilities differ in some material respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders in U.S. companies. In particular, a shareholder of an Israeli company has a duty to act in good faith and in a customary manner in exercising its rights and performing its obligations towards the company and other shareholders, and to refrain from abusing its power in the company, including, among other things, in voting at a general meeting of shareholders on matters such as amendments to a company s articles of association, increases in a company s authorized share capital, mergers and acquisitions and related party transactions requiring shareholder approval, as well as a general duty to refrain from discriminating against other shareholders. In addition, a shareholder who is aware that it possesses the power to determine the outcome of a vote at a meeting of the shareholders or to appoint or prevent the appointment of a director or executive officer in the company has a duty of fairness toward the company. 
 
 There is limited case law available to assist us in understanding the nature of these duties or the implications of these provisions. These provisions may be interpreted to impose additional obligations and liabilities on holders of our ordinary shares that are not typically imposed on shareholders of U.S. companies. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Management and Employees 
 
 We depend on our executive officers and key clinical, technical and commercial personnel to operate our business effectively, and we must attract and retain highly skilled employees in order to succeed. 
 
 Our success depends upon the continued service and performance of our executive officers who are essential to our growth and development. The loss of one or more of our executive officers could delay or prevent the continued successful implementation of our growth strategy, could affect our ability to manage our company effectively and to carry out our business plan, or could otherwise be detrimental to us. As of January 31, 2023, we had 200 employees. Therefore, knowledge of our product candidates and clinical trials is concentrated among a small number of individuals. Members of our executive team as well as key clinical, scientific, technical and commercial personnel may resign at any time and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to retain such personnel. If we cannot recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner, our business will be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our growth and continued success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain additional highly qualified and skilled research and development, operational, managerial and finance personnel. However, we face significant competition for experienced personnel in the pharmaceutical field. Many of the other pharmaceutical companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we cannot retain our existing skilled scientific and operational personnel and attract and retain sufficiently skilled additional scientific and operational personnel, as required, for our research and development and manufacturing operations on acceptable terms, we may not be able to continue to develop and commercialize our existing product candidates or new products. Further, any failure to effectively integrate new personnel could prevent us from successfully growing our company. 

57

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors 
 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our ordinary shares, the price of our ordinary shares could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our ordinary shares relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business, if at all. We do not have control over these analysts, and we do not have commitments from them to write research reports about us. The price of our ordinary shares could decline if no research reports are published about us or our business, or if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our ordinary shares or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 
 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders, and such activism could impact the trading value of our securities. 
 
 Shareholders may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors and management. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction or seek changes in the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A proxy contest would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses and administrative and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit of our business strategy. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from a proxy contest could lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives, or limit our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If individuals are ultimately elected to our board of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our shareholders. We may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of the proxy contest or matters arising from the proxy contest, which would serve as a further distraction to our board of directors and management and would require us to incur significant additional costs. In addition, actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in our share price based upon temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
 
 Unstable market, economic and geo-political conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 The global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past, including due to recent bank failures. These disruptions can result in severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, increase in inflation, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, further bank failures and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, higher inflation, bank failures or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Our portfolio of corporate and government bonds could also be adversely impacted. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our operations, growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn or rising inflation, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 
 Other international and geo-political events could also have a serious adverse impact on our business. For instance, in February 2022, Russia initiated military action against Ukraine. In response, the United States and certain other countries imposed significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia and could impose further sanctions, trade restrictions, and other retaliatory actions. While we cannot predict the broader consequences, the conflict and retaliatory and counter-retaliatory actions could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, inflation, regional economies, and the global economy, which in turn may increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, impair our ability to raise or access additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social and corporate governance matters or our reporting of such matters. 
 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, partners, and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social and corporate governance ESG") matters. We may be, or be perceived to be, not acting responsibly in connection with these matters, which could negatively impact us. For instance, the SEC has recently proposed climate change and ESG reporting requirements, which, if approved, would significantly increase our costs. In addition, we currently do not report our environmental emissions, and lack of reporting or future reporting could result in certain investors from declining to invest in our common stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Effective November 2019, we leased approximately 20,913 square feet of space in Princeton, NJ, which serves as our principal executive offices and is used for commercial and marketing as well as general and administrative purposes. We lease an approximately 11,495 square foot facility in Israel, which is used primarily as research and development laboratories as well as for administrative purposes. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional or alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal proceedings relating to claims arising out of our operations. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

58

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our ordinary shares have been traded on The Nasdaq Global Market since May 4, 2017 under the symbol URGN. Prior to such time, there was no public market for our ordinary shares. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 20, 2023, there were 17 registered holders of record of our ordinary shares. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have not paid any dividends on our ordinary shares since our inception and do not expect to pay dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds as well as future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our operations. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 

59

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read together with the historical consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully read Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a biotechnology company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative solutions that treat urothelial and specialty cancers. We have developed RTGel reverse-thermal hydrogel, a proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based technology that has the potential to improve therapeutic profiles of existing drugs. Our technology is designed to enable longer exposure of the urinary tract tissue to medications, making local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option. Our approved product Jelmyto (mitomycin) for pyelocalyceal solution, and our investigational candidate, UGN-102 (mitomycin) for intravesical solution, are designed to ablate tumors by non-surgical means and to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial cancer low-grade UTUC and low-grade intermediate risk non-muscle invasive bladder cancer low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC ), respectively. In addition, our immuno-uro-oncology pipeline includes UGN-301 (zalifrelimab), an anti-CTLA-4 antibody, which we intend to study as a combination therapy with multiple potential agents. 
 
 We estimate that the annual treatable patient population of low-grade UTUC in the United States is approximately 6,000 to 7,000 and the annual treatable population of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC is approximately 80,000. 
 
 RTGel is a novel proprietary polymeric biocompatible, reverse thermal gelation hydrogel technology, which, unlike the general characteristics of most forms of matter, is liquid at lower temperatures and converts into gel form when warmed to body temperature. We believe that these characteristics promote ease of delivery into and retention of drugs in body cavities, including the bladder and the upper urinary tract, forming a transient reservoir of drug that dissolves over time while preventing rapid excretion, providing for increased dwell time. RTGel leverages the physiologic flow of urine to provide a natural exit from the body. 
 
 We believe that RTGel , when formulated with an active drug, may allow for the improved efficacy of treatment of various types of urothelial and specialty cancers and urologic diseases without compromising the safety of the patient or interfering with the natural flow of fluids in the urinary tract. RTGel achieves this by: 

increasing the exposure of active drugs in the bladder and upper urinary tract by significantly extending the dwell time of the active drug while conforming to the anatomy of the bladder and the upper urinary tract, which allows for enhanced drug tissue coverage. For example, the average dwell time of the standard mitomycin water formulation, currently used as adjuvant treatment, in the upper urinary tract is approximately five minutes, compared to up to six hours when mitomycin is formulated with RTGel ; 

administering higher doses of an active drug than would otherwise be possible using standard water-based formulations. For instance, it is only possible to dissolve 0.5 mg of mitomycin in 1 mL of water while it is possible to formulate up to 8 mg of mitomycin with 1 mL of RTGel ; and 

maintaining the active drug s molecular structure and mode of action. 

These characteristics of RTGel enable sustained release of mitomycin in the urinary tract for both Jelmyto and UGN-102. Further, RTGel may be particularly effective in the bladder and upper urinary tract where tumor visibility and access are challenging, and where there exists a significant amount of urine flow and voiding. We believe that these characteristics of RTGel may prove useful for the local delivery of active drugs to other bodily cavities in addition to the bladder and upper urinary tract. 
 
 Jelmyto 
 
 On April 15, 2020, the FDA approved our new drug application NDA for Jelmyto (mitomycin) for pyelocalyceal solution, formerly known as UGN-101, for the treatment of adult patients with low-grade UTUC. Jelmyto consists of mitomycin, an established chemotherapy, and sterile hydrogel, using our proprietary sustained release RTGel technology. It has been designed to prolong exposure of urinary tract tissue to mitomycin, thereby enabling the treatment of tumors by non-surgical means. New product exclusivity for Jelmyto exists through April 15, 2023 and Orphan Drug exclusivity applies through April 15, 2027 as well as a composition of matter patents set to expire in early 2031. The main patents that protect Jelmyto in the United States are set to expire in January 2031. These patents were listed in the FDA's Orange Book (Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations). 
 
 Low-grade UTUC is a rare cancer that develops in the lining of the upper urinary tract, ureters and kidneys. In the United States, there are approximately 6,000 - 7,000 new or recurrent low-grade UTUC patients annually. It is a challenging condition to treat due to the complex anatomy of the urinary tract system. Prior to Jelmyto, the current standard of care included endoscopic resection(s) and radical nephroureterectomy, which involves the removal of the renal pelvis, kidney, ureter and bladder cuff. Treatment is further complicated by the fact that low-grade UTUC is most commonly diagnosed in patients over 70 years of age, who may already have compromised kidney function and may suffer further complications as a result of a major surgery. We are focused on changing the way urothelial cancers are treated, an area in which there has been no significant advancements in recent years. Jelmyto is the first drug therapy of its kind, providing an alternative to endoscopic resection(s) and/or radical nephroureterectomy. 
 
 The FDA approval is based on results from our Phase 3 OLYMPUS trial showing Jelmyto achieved clinically significant disease eradication in adults with low-grade UTUC. Findings from the final study results include: 

Complete response CR (primary endpoint) of 58 (41/71) in the intent-to-treat population and in the sub-population of patients who were deemed not capable of surgical removal at diagnosis. 

At the 12-month time point for assessment of durability, 23 patients remained in CR of a total of 41 patients, eight had experienced recurrence of disease and ten patients were unable to be evaluated. 

Durability of response was estimated to be 81.8 at 12 months by Kaplan-Meier analysis. The median duration of response was not reached. 

The most commonly reported adverse events 20 were ureteric obstruction, flank pain, urinary tract infection, hematuria, abdominal pain, fatigue, renal dysfunction, nausea, dysuria and vomiting. Most adverse events were mild to moderate and manageable. No treatment-related deaths occurred. 

60

Table of Contents 

In December 2022, we presented new data from the OLYMPUS trial designed to obtain long term follow up data on Jelmyto. Based on data available for 16 of the 23 patients who had remained in CR at the end of the OLYMPUS study, the median duration of response was 28.9 months. Thirteen patients remained in CR, two patients had recurrence of low grade UTUC on the same side as treated in OLYMPUS, and one patient underwent RNU due to ureteral stricture without evidence of UTUC at the time of surgery. No patient had progressed to high grade disease. 
 
 In June 2020, we initiated our commercial launch of Jelmyto in the United States. We have staffed, trained and prepared a customer-facing team that includes territory business managers with deep experience in both urology and oncology. These territory business managers are led by seven regional business directors, who are in turn supported by three regional operations managers. Each region is additionally supported by one to two clinical nurse educators to provide education and training around instillation, as well as a field reimbursement manager to help ensure access and reimbursement for appropriate patients. In addition, our organization currently includes several medical science liaisons who appropriately engage with physicians interested in learning more about UroGen, Jelmyto and our technology, both in person and virtually. In total, our customer-facing team comprises approximately 80 representatives. 
 
 We are committed to helping patients access Jelmyto . Our market access teams have laid the foundation for coverage and reimbursement, meeting multiple times with payors. All Medicare patients are covered and the vast majority of commercial plans have policies in place, in whole covering over 150 million lives. In addition to reimbursement and access, we have also been focused on ensuring seamless integration into physician practices. We have implemented processes to help make Jelmyto preparation and administration safe and seamless for practitioners and patients, including entering into an agreement with a major national specialty pharmacy under which the pharmacy, following receipt of a patient prescription, prepares and dispenses the Jelmyto admixture on our behalf. In September 2022, the FDA authorized an extension of the in-use period for Jelmyto admixture from eight hours to 96 hours (four days) following reconstitution of the product, adding convenience and flexibility in managing patient care. 
 
 In October 2020, a Medicare C-Code was issued for Jelmyto . The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services established a permanent and product-specific J-code for Jelmyto that took effect on January 1, 2021 and replaced the C-Code. We have also launched a registry to capture data and evaluate real world outcomes in patients with low-grade UTUC that have been or will be treated with Jelmyto. The purpose of the registry is to study the use of Jelmyto in clinical practice in the United States and address specific clinical questions. 
 
 In the first two full fiscal years following the initiation of our commercial launch of Jelmyto in June 2020, we have experienced a moderate decline in revenue during the third quarter from the preceding quarter. We believe this result is primarily attributable to the nature of low-grade disease, which does not require immediate treatment and therefore we believe there is an impact in the summer months. However, it is too early to say with confidence whether this seasonality trend will continue in future periods. Moreover, our future Jelmyto revenue will be impacted by various factors and we expect our Jelmyto revenue to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter for the foreseeable future. 
 
 UGN-102 (mitomycin) for intravesical solution 
 
 UGN-102 is our sustained-release formulation of mitomycin that we are developing for the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. 
 
 In October 2021, we reported final data from the Phase 2b OPTIMA II trial. The single-arm, open label trial completed enrollment of 63 patients at clinical sites across the United States and Israel in September 2019. Patients were treated with six weekly instillations of UGN-102 and underwent assessment of CR (the primary endpoint) four to six weeks following the last instillation; 65 , or 41 out of 63 patients, treated with UGN-102 achieved a complete response three months after the start of therapy. In this subset of patients, 39 (95 ), 30 (73 ), and 25 (61 remained disease-free at six, nine, and 12 months after treatment initiation, respectively. The probability of durable response nine months after CR (12 months after treatment initiation) was estimated to be 72.5 by Kaplan-Meier analysis. Thirteen patients had documented recurrences. Fifty-seven of 63 (90 patients completed all six instillations of UGN-102 according to the study protocol. Median duration of response was not reached. The most common adverse events, greater than 10 , were most often reported as mild to moderate in severity and include dysuria, hematuria, urinary frequency, fatigue, urgency and urinary tract infection. The final data was published online in The Journal of Urology in October 2021 and was included in the January 2022 print edition. 
 
 In December 2022 we presented new data from the OPTIMA II study designed to obtain long-term follow-up data on UGN-102 that shows median duration of response of 24.4 months based on available data for 15 out of 25 patients. Seven patients remained in CR, six patients had recurrence of low-grade disease, one patient had progression to high-grade disease and one patient withdrew consent but remained in CR at the last evaluation prior to discontinuation. All patients were alive at the last contact, and five patients were known to have had post-study treatment with transurethral resection of the bladder tumors or fulguration. 
 
 UGN-102 is administered locally using the standard practice of intravesical instillation directly into the bladder via a catheter. The instillation into the bladder is expected to take place in a physician s office as a non-operative same-day treatment, in comparison with TURBT or similar surgical procedures, which are operations conducted under general anesthesia and may require an overnight stay. Surgical tumor removal often has limited success due to the inability to properly identify, reach and resect all tumors. We believe that an effective chemoablation agent can potentially provide better eradication of tumors irrespective of the detectability and location of the tumors. In addition, by removing the need for surgery, patients may avoid potential complications associated with surgery. 
 
 We initiated the Phase 3 ATLAS trial in December 2020 and until November 2021, were enrolling patients in this trial comparing UGN-102 with or without TURBT to standard of care, TURBT. In parallel, we continued to engage in discussions with the FDA and based on this dialogue, we designed a trial in order to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of UGN-102. This Phase 3 ENVISION trial is a single-arm, multinational, multicenter study evaluating the efficacy and safety of UGN-102 as primary chemoablative therapy in patients with low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. The design of the Phase 3 ENVISION trial is similar to our Phase 2 OPTIMA II trial in that the patient population has similar clinical characteristics, receives the same investigational treatment regimen and undergoes similar efficacy and safety assessments and qualitative follow-up. Study participants receive six once-weekly intravesical instillations of UGN-102. The primary endpoint will evaluate the complete response rate at three months after the first instillation, and the key secondary endpoint will evaluate durability of response in patients who achieve complete response at the three-month assessment. 
 
 In February 2022, we announced the initiation of the Phase 3 ENVISION trial, targeting enrollment of 220 patients across 90 sites. In December 2022, we completed our target enrollment of the Phase 3 ENVISION trial. Assuming positive findings, we anticipate submitting an NDA for UGN-102 in 2024. As a result of the FDA's acceptance of a single arm approach, we stopped enrollment of the Phase 3 ATLAS study. However, at the time enrollment was stopped, any patients who had signed an informed consent were able to complete screening, and if eligible were randomized into the trial. Clinical results from these patients are expected to generate additional safety and efficacy data and other insights in our evaluation of UGN-102 as a primary therapy in the treatment of low-grade intermediate risk NMIBC. 
 
 We also initiated a Phase 3b study with the objective of demonstrating whether UGN-102 can be administered at home by a qualified home health professional, avoiding the need for repeated visits to a healthcare setting for instillation. As per the study design, patients in this study received six once-weekly intravesical instillations of UGN-102 with the initial treatment visit occurring at the investigative site and instillation performed by a qualified physician. Treatment visits two to six took place at the patient's home and instillation was performed by a properly trained and qualified home health professional. The primary endpoints of the study include safety and tolerability, discontinuations from at home study treatment and feedback from patients, home health professionals and investigators via standardized questionnaires. The study completed enrollment with a total of eight patients across four centers and all study visits for these enrolled patients have been completed. Preliminary results were reported through a press release in February 2023, finding that UGN-102 was suitable to administer at home by a visiting nurse under the supervision of a treating physician and resulted in 75 of patients achieving a complete response, defined as no detectable disease three months after starting treatment. Patients, nurses and investigators also completed home instillation feasibility questionnaires. These standardized feasibility questionnaires highlighted that all eight patients preferred at-home to in-office treatment, and five of six patients recommended UGN-102 home instillation instead of TURBT. Home instillation was reported as feasible for visiting nurses, and three of four investigators considered at-home treatment not different than in-office treatment. We believe establishing the precedent for a convenient at home solution may facilitate access to care and address quality of life issues that certain patients may face with the current standard of care. 
 
 UGN-301 (zalifrelimab) intravesical solution 
 
 Our immuno-uro-oncology pipeline includes UGN-301, an anti-CTLA-4 monoclonal antibody, which we intend to study as a standalone agent and as a combination therapy with multiple potential agents. Non-human primate toxicity studies supported the initiation of a multi-arm Phase 1 study of UGN-301 in combination with other agents. We believe that this approach leverages our unique drug delivery technology and provides an opportunity to evaluate intravesical delivery of UGN-301 in combination with other immuno-modulators, chemotherapies, gene therapy and innate immune stimulators. 
 
 High-grade NMIBC is a highly aggressive form of bladder cancer. TURBT followed by adjuvant intravesical immunotherapy with Bacillus of Calmette and Guerin ("BCG") is the current standard of care therapy for high-grade NMIBC. However, the high rates of recurrence and significant risk of progression to muscle-invasive tumors are particularly dangerous. Radical cystectomy, or bladder removal is strongly advocated in patients with BCG-unresponsive NMIBC (i.e., patients with BCG-refractory and BCG-relapsing tumors in whom further BCG therapy is not recommended) or for patients who cannot tolerate BCG. 
 
 The first combination we are seeking to investigate clinically involves the sequential use of UGN-201 (imiquimod), a toll-like receptor-7 ("TLR 7") agonist, and UGN-301 in high-grade NMIBC ("high-grade NMIBC"). UGN-201 is a liquid formulation of imiquimod for intravesical administration that has been optimized for delivery in the urinary tract. We believe that UGN-201 may elicit an innate immune response in the presence of released bladder cancer antigens, which may translate into a long lasting acquired immune response. We believe the combination of UGN-301 and UGN-201 could elicit an innate as well as adaptive immune response and potentially represent a valid post-TURBT adjuvant treatment of high-grade NMIBC. UGN-301 is delivered using our proprietary RTGel technology, which has been designed to significantly improve the effectiveness of certain intravesical therapy. In November 2019, we entered into a worldwide license agreement with Agenus Inc. to develop and commercialize zalifrelimab via intravesical delivery for the treatment of urinary tract cancers, initially in high-grade NMIBC. We believe that the combination of UGN-301 and UGN-201 makes local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option while minimizing systemic exposure and potential side effects. 
 
 In March 2022, we announced FDA clearance of our Investigational New Drug application ("IND") to begin a novel Phase 1 clinical study of UGN-301 in patients with recurrent NMIBC. The novel study design utilizes a Master Protocol that we believe is a more efficient and streamlined approach to development. It will provide more flexibility to add study arms as the trial progresses and is expected to increase efficiency and potentially reduce costs. We expect the Master Protocol will allow us to more quickly evaluate safety, tolerability and dosing of UGN-301 in combination with additional immunomodulators and chemotherapies, with the goal of developing optimized treatment regimens for patients. The multi-arm Phase 1 study, which is expected to support the development of UGN-301 in high-grade NMIBC, was initiated in April 2022 and is actively enrolling. 
 
 Our Research and Development and License Agreements 

61

Table of Contents 

Agenus Agreement 
 
 In November 2019, we entered into a license agreement with Agenus Inc. ("Agenus"), pursuant to which Agenus granted us an exclusive, worldwide (not including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Venezuela and their respective territories and possessions), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under Agenus s intellectual property rights to develop, make, use, sell, import, and otherwise commercialize products incorporating a proprietary monoclonal antibody of Agenus known as AGEN1884 (zalifrelimab), an anti-CTLA-4 antagonist, for the treatment of cancers of the urinary tract via intravesical delivery. UGN-301 is a formulation of zalifrelimab administered using RTGel technology that is in Phase 1 clinical development for high-grade NMIBC. 
 
 MD Anderson Agreement 
 
 In January 2021, we announced that we had entered into a three-year strategic research collaboration agreement with MD Anderson focusing on the sequential use of UGN-201 and UGN-301 as an investigational treatment for high-grade NMIBC. Pursuant to the agreement, as of December 31, 2022, we have made bi-annual payments totaling 2.0 million to MD Anderson to fund the collaboration, recognized evenly over the associated period through research and development expenses. In July 2022, we determined that we had achieved the objectives that we established when the agreement was initiated, and notified MD Anderson that we were exercising our right to conclude the collaboration in 2022 as we did not foresee initiating further development activities as part of the collaboration, although we will continue to collaborate on existing joint projects. As a result of this notification, we are not responsible for any further fixed bi-annual funding payments, although we will be responsible for costs related to existing joint projects that exceed the payments already made to MD Anderson. 
 
 For additional information regarding our research and development and license agreements, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Components of Operating Results 
 
 Revenue 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we recognized 64.4 million and 48.0 million of revenue, respectively, from sales of our product, Jelmyto . 

62

Table of Contents 

Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of inventory and related costs associated with the manufacturing, distribution, warehousing and preparation of Jelmyto, including inventory write-downs. In periods prior to receiving FDA approval for Jelmyto , we recognized inventory and related costs associated with the manufacture of Jelmyto as research and development expense. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses, net consists primarily of: 

salaries and related costs, including share-based compensation expense, for our personnel in research and development functions; 

expense incurred under agreements with third parties, including clinical research organizations ("CROs"), subcontractors, suppliers and consultants, nonclinical studies and clinical trials; 

expense incurred to acquire, develop and manufacture nonclinical study and clinical trial materials; 

expense incurred to purchase active pharmaceutical ingredient API in support of R D activities and other related manufacturing costs; and 

facility and equipment costs, including depreciation expense, maintenance and allocated direct and indirect overhead costs. 

We expense all research and development costs as incurred. We estimate nonclinical study and clinical trial expense based on the services performed pursuant to contracts with research institutions and contract research organizations that conduct and manage nonclinical studies and clinical trials on our behalf based on actual time and expense incurred by them. 
 
 We accrue for costs incurred as the services are being provided by monitoring the status of the trial or project and the invoices received from our external service providers. We adjust our accrual as actual costs become known. Where at risk contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development and collaboration agreements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when such development milestone results are achieved. 
 
 We are currently focused on advancing our product candidates, and our future research and development expense will depend on their clinical success. Research and development expense will continue to be significant and will increase over at least the next several years as we continue to develop our product candidates and conduct nonclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. 
 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We do not believe that it is possible at this time to accurately project total expenses required for us to reach commercialization of our product candidates. Due to the inherently unpredictable nature of nonclinical and clinical development, we are unable to estimate with certainty the costs we will incur and the timelines that will be required in the continued development and approval of our product candidates. Clinical and nonclinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from expectations. In addition, we cannot forecast which product candidates may be subject to future collaborations, if and when such arrangements will be entered into, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. We expect our research and development expense to increase over the next several years as our clinical programs progress and as we seek to initiate clinical trials of additional product candidates. We also expect to incur increased research and development expense as we selectively identify and develop additional product candidates. 
 
 The duration, costs and timing of clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors that include, but are not limited to, the following: 

per patient trial costs; 

the number of patients that participate in the trials; 

63

Table of Contents 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 

potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of patient follow-up; and 

the efficacy and safety profile of the product candidates. 

In addition, the probability of success for each product candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We will determine which programs to pursue and how much to fund each program in response to the scientific and clinical success of each product candidate, as well as an assessment of each product candidate s commercial potential. 
 
 Other than Jelmyto , which was approved by the FDA in April 2020, we have not received approval of any of our product candidates. UGN-102 and UGN-301 are still in clinical development. As such, we cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration arrangements. 
 
 License fees and development milestone payments related to in-licensed products and technology are expensed as incurred, or achieved, in the case of milestones, if it is determined at that point that they have no established alternative future use. 
 
 Selling and Marketing Expenses 
 
 To date, selling and marketing expenses consists primarily of commercial personnel costs (including share-based compensation) along with pre-commercialization and commercialization activities related to Jelmyto , formerly known as UGN-101. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs (including share-based compensation related to directors, executives, finance, medical affairs, business development, investor relations, and human resource functions). Other significant costs include medical affairs services, external professional service costs, facility costs, accounting and audit services, legal services, and other consulting fees. 
 
 Financing on Prepaid Forward Obligation 
 
 Financing on prepaid forward obligation is comprised of financing expense related to the RTW Transaction (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report). 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense is comprised of interest related to our long-term debt with Pharmakon (see Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report). 
 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 
 Interest and other income, net, consisted primarily of interest income, net losses on foreign exchange and bank commissions. 

64

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 
 We have yet to generate taxable income in Israel. We have historically incurred operating losses resulting in carry forward tax losses totaling approximately 419.1 million as of December 31, 2022. We anticipate that we will continue to generate tax losses for the foreseeable future and that we will be able to carry forward these tax losses indefinitely to future taxable years. Accordingly, we do not expect to pay taxes in Israel until we have taxable income after the full utilization of our carry forward tax losses. We have provided a full valuation allowance with respect to the deferred tax assets related to these carry forward losses. Income tax expense also consists of our estimate of uncertain tax positions, and related interest and penalties. See Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report for further information. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 

64,357 

48,042 

16,315 

Cost of revenue 

7,654 

5,157 

2,497 

Gross profit 

56,703 

42,885 

13,818 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

52,906 

47,642 

5,264 

Selling and marketing 

51,920 

47,592 

4,328 

General and administrative 

30,918 

39,943 

(9,025) 

Total operating expenses 

135,744 

135,177 

567 

Operating loss 

(79,041) 

(92,292) 

13,251 

Financing on prepaid forward obligation 

(21,559) 

(17,291) 

(4,268) 

Interest expense on long-term debt 

(8,438) 

(8,438) 

Interest and other income, net 

1,010 

212 

798 

Loss before income taxes 

(108,028) 

(109,371) 

1,343 

Income tax expense 

(1,755) 

(1,449) 

(306) 

Net loss 

(109,783) 

(110,820) 

1,037 

Revenue 
 
 Revenues were 64.4 million and 48.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 16.4 million reflects the increased volume of sales of our product Jelmyto . 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 
 Cost of revenue was 7.7 million and 5.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In periods prior to receiving FDA approval for Jelmyto , we recognized inventory and related costs associated with the manufacture of Jelmyto as research and development expense. Gross margin would have been approximately 87.5 versus 88.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, if we had not sold Jelmyto units that were expensed prior to regulatory approval. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses were 52.9 million and 47.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in research and development expenses of 5.3 million is primarily attributable to higher research and development expenses in 2022 related to the Phase 3 ENVISION study for UGN-102, research into ingredient scale-up and production efficiency for Jelmyto , partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expenses in 2022. 

65

Table of Contents 

Selling and Marketing Expenses 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses were 51.9 million and 47.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in selling and marketing expenses of 4.3 million is primarily attributable to brand marketing related expenses as well as expenses related to our participation in the American Urological Association's annual meeting, as well as our annual sales meeting, which did not occur in 2021, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expenses in 2022. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses were 30.9 million and 39.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in general and administrative expenses of 9.0 million resulted primarily from a decrease in compensation related costs in 2022. 
 
 Financing on Prepaid Forward Obligation 
 
 Financing on prepaid forward obligation was 21.6 million and 17.3 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The measurement of financing on prepaid forward obligation is an accounting estimate under the "imputed interest method" of accounting (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report) which is affected by estimated future payments to RTW, which are based on a percentage of revenues. The increase in financing on prepaid forward obligation of 4.3 million was driven primarily from a full twelve months of financing cost in 2022 for the RTW transaction, which was entered into in March 2021, partially offset by changes in underlying assumptions for remeasuring the effective rate. 
 
 Interest Expense on Long-term Debt 
 
 Interest expense was 8.4 million and zero for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the Pharmakon loan which closed in March 2022. 
 
 Interest and Other Income, Net 
 
 Interest and other income, net was income of 1.0 million and income of 0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 0.8 million was primarily due to changes in the overall interest rate environment. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 100.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. Cash in excess of immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to liquidity and capital preservation, and is held primarily in U.S. dollars. 
 
 Through December 31, 2022, we funded our operations primarily through public equity offerings, private placements of equity securities and our funding arrangements with RTW and Pharmakon. 
 
 In December 2019, we entered into a sales agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen pursuant to which we may from time to time offer and sell our ordinary shares having an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million. The remaining capacity under the ATM Sales Agreement is approximately 83.4 million as of December 31, 2022. The shares will be offered and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 15, 2022, which was declared effective on November 29, 2022. 
 
 In March 2021, we entered into a prepaid forward agreement with RTW, pursuant to which RTW agreed to provide us with an upfront cash payment of 75.0 million to support the launch of Jelmyto and the development of UGN-102, and we agreed to provide RTW with tiered future payments based on global annual net product sales of Jelmyto and UGN-102, if approved. In May 2021, following the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals, we received the 75.0 million prepaid forward payment 72.4 million net of transaction costs) from RTW. 
 
 On March 7, 2022, we entered into a loan agreement ("Loan Agreement") with Pharmakon for a senior secured term loan of up to 100.0 million in two tranches. The first tranche of 75.0 million 72.6 million of proceeds were received, 70.8 million net of additional transaction costs) was funded in March 2022, and the second tranche of 25.0 million was funded in December 2022. The Pharmakon loan will mature five years from initial funding and can be prepaid in whole at our discretion, at any time, subject to prepayment premiums and make-whole amounts. The Pharmakon loan will require interest-only payments for the first 48 months followed by principal and interest payments with interest accruing using 3-month LIBOR (with a 1.25 floor) plus 8.25 . In the event of the cessation of LIBOR, the benchmark governing the interest rate will be replaced with a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
 We have incurred losses since our inception and negative cash flows from our operations, and as of December 31, 2022 we had an accumulated deficit of 577.1 million. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the reasonably foreseeable future. Our primary uses of capital are, and we expect will continue to be, commercialization activities, research and development expense, including third-party clinical research and development services, laboratory and related supplies, clinical costs, including manufacturing costs, legal and other regulatory expense and general and administrative costs, partially offset by proceeds from sales of Jelmyto . 
 
 We routinely evaluate our liquidity needs, including assessment of our current financial condition, sources of liquidity including current cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities and management s cash flow projections. Our ability to continue as a going concern is expected to be impacted by our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, produce cash inflows from Jelmyto product sales and develop UGN-102. We believe that absent sufficient proceeds received from equity, financing, or business development transactions, we will not have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations beyond one year from the issuance of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. We estimate that our existing resources and projected revenues will only be sufficient to fund our planned operations until mid-way through the first quarter of 2024. Accordingly, we will, within the next twelve months, require significant additional financing to continue our operations. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will be able to secure such additional financing if at all, on terms that are satisfactory to us, and in amounts sufficient to meet our needs. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Failure to successfully receive additional financing will require us to delay, limit or reduce product development and commercialization efforts. 
 
 We cannot estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully commercialize any approved products, or whether, or when, we may achieve profitability. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings and collaboration arrangements. 

66

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(87,559) 

(84,892) 

Investing activities 

1,060 

4,069 

Financing activities 

97,134 

72,319 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

10,635 

(8,504) 

Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 87.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 84.9 million used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2.7 million increase was attributable primarily to financing costs related to the prepaid forward obligation and Pharmakon loan, as well as timing of certain accruals, partially offset by the increase in net sales of our product Jelmyto during 2022. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by investing activities of 4.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 3.0 million is attributable primarily to proportionately less maturities to purchases of marketable securities during 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 97.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 72.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 24.8 is primarily due to the receipt of net proceeds from the Pharmakon loan in 2022, as compared to net proceeds received from the RTW Transaction in 2021. 
 
 Funding and Cash Requirements 
 
 Our present and future funding and cash requirements will depend on many factors, including, among other things: 

the progress, timing and completion of clinical trials for UGN-102 and UGN-301; 

nonclinical studies and clinical trials for any of our other product candidates; 

the costs related to obtaining regulatory approval UGN-102 and UGN-301 and any of our other product candidates, and any delays we may encounter as a result of regulatory requirements or adverse clinical trial results with respect to any of these product candidates; 

selling, marketing and patent-related activities undertaken in connection with the commercialization of Jelmyto and UGN-102 and any of our other product candidates, and costs involved in the continued development of an effective sales and marketing organization; 

the costs involved in filing and prosecuting patent applications and obtaining, maintaining and enforcing patents or defending against claims or infringements raised by third parties, and license royalties or other amounts we may be required to pay to obtain rights to third party intellectual property rights; 

potential new product candidates we identify and attempt to develop; 

revenues we may derive either directly or in the form of royalty payments from future sales of Jelmyto , UGN-102, UGN-301, RTGel reverse thermal hydrogel technology and any other product candidates; and 

the repayment of outstanding debt. 

Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts . 

67

Table of Contents 

We may finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of any additional securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a shareholder. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants that further limit or restrict our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. In addition, the terms of the Forward Contract with RTW and the Loan Agreement limit our ability to take certain actions, including incurring additional indebtedness. 
 
 If we raise funds through additional collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 
 For more information as to the risks associated with our future funding needs, see Item 1.A Risk Factors. We will require additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this capital when needed and on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development, commercialization efforts or other operations . 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 In April 2016, we signed an addendum to our November 2014 lease agreement for our executive offices located in Israel, in order to increase the office space rented and to extend the rent period until 2019. In March 2019, we utilized the agreement extension option and extended the rent period for an additional three years until August 2022. In July 2022, we signed a lease extension agreement extending the term of the lease through September 2025. 
 
 In April 2018, we entered into a new lease agreement for an office in Los Angeles, CA. The lease commencement date was July 10, 2018 and terminates in March 2024. In November 2019, we subleased our offices in Los Angeles, CA. The lease commencement date was January 1, 2020 and terminates in March 2024. The subtenants exercised their early access clause and moved into the premises at the end of November 2019. 
 
 Also, in November 2019, we entered into a new lease agreement, dated effective October 31, 2019, for an office in Princeton, NJ. The lease commencement date was November 29, 2019 and the lease term is 38 months. In June 2022, the Company signed an amendment to its November 2019 lease agreement to extend the term for an additional three years through January 31, 2026. 
 
 The total obligation for future minimum lease payments under our operating leases is 2.9 million as of December 31, 2022. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report for further information. 
 
 In March 2022, UroGen Pharma Ltd., UroGen Pharma, Inc., as the borrower ("Borrower"), and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time, as guarantors ("Guarantors" and, collectively with UroGen Pharma Ltd. and Borrower, "Credit Parties"), entered into the Loan Agreement with funds managed by Pharmakon Advisors, L.P., including BPCR Limited Partnership (as a "Lender"), BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP (as a "Lender"), and BioPharma Credit PLC, as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, "Collateral Agent"), pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to make the Term Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100.0 million to be funded in two tranches: (i) the Tranche A Loan of 75.0 million was advanced in March 2022 and (ii) the Tranche B Loan of 25.0 million was advanced in December 2022. The Term Loans will mature on the fifth-year anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date (the Maturity Date ). The Term Loans bear interest at 8.25 plus three-month LIBOR per annum with a LIBOR floor of 1.25 . In the event of the cessation of LIBOR, the benchmark governing the interest rate will be replaced with a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as described in the Loan Agreement. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. Repayment of outstanding principal of the Term Loans will be made in four equal quarterly payments of principal commencing after the 17th-quarter anniversary of the Tranche A Closing Date. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by UroGen Pharma Ltd. and the other Guarantor and are secured by substantially all of the respective Credit Parties tangible and intangible assets and property, including intellectual property, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the balance sheets and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. In accordance with GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances at the time such estimates are made. Actual results may differ materially from our estimates and judgments under different assumptions or conditions. We periodically review our estimates in light of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates, if any, are reflected in our financial statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate. 
 
 We define our critical accounting policies as those accounting principles generally accepted in the United States that require us to make subjective estimates and judgments about matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as the specific manner in which we apply those principles. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe the following are the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

68

Table of Contents 

Revenue 
 
 Product sales from Jelmyto are recognized as revenue under ASC 606 at the point in time that control of the product has been transferred to the customer, generally at the point the product has been delivered to the treating physician. All product sales of Jelmyto are recognized through our arrangement with a single customer, a third-party national specialty distributor. Net revenue recognized includes gross revenue and management s estimate of returns, consideration paid to the customer, chargebacks relating to differences between the wholesale acquisition cost and the contracted price offered to the end consumer, chargebacks relating to 340b drug pricing programs, Medicaid drug rebate programs, and our co-pay assistance program, which are estimated based on our historical experience. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 We account for employees and directors share-based payment awards classified as equity awards using the grant-date fair value method. The fair value of share-based payment transactions is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, which is equal to the vesting period. The fair value of options is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of a restricted stock unit RSU equaled the closing price of the Company s ordinary shares on the grant date. We account for forfeitures as they occur in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . 

69

Table of Contents 

We elected to recognize compensation costs for awards conditioned only on continued service that have a graded vesting schedule using the straight-line method and to value the awards based on the single-option award approach. Performance based awards are expensed over the requisite service period when the achievement of performance criteria is probable. 
 
 Prepaid Forward Obligation 
 
 Under the RTW Transaction, we received funds to support the continued launch of Jelmyto and the development of UGN-102 in return for tiered, future cash payments based on net sales of Jelmyto and UGN-102 , if approved by the FDA. The net proceeds received under the RTW Transaction were recognized as a long-term liability. The subsequent measurement for the liability follows the accounting principles defined in ASC Topic 835-30 , Imputation of Interest . Each period we make a payment to RTW, an expense is recognized related to financing on the prepaid forward obligation based on an imputed rate derived from the expected future payments. Management reassesses the effective rate each period based on the current carrying value of the obligation and the revised estimated future payments. Changes in future payments from previous estimates are included in future financing expense. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We provide for income taxes based on pretax income, if any, and applicable tax rates available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, including Israel and the U.S. Deferred taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is recognized to the extent that it is more likely than not that the deferred taxes will not be realized in the foreseeable future. 
 
 We follow a two-step approach in recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. After concluding that a particular filing position can be recognized (i.e., has a more-likely-than-not chance of being sustained), ASC 740-10-30-7 requires that the amount of benefit recognized be measured using a methodology based on the concept of cumulative probability. Under this methodology, the amount of benefit recorded represents the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 
 Inte rest Rate Fluctuation R is k 
 
 Some of the securities in which we invest have market risk in that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the marketable securities to fluctuate. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 100.0 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We invest our cash primarily in money market accounts, but from time to time may invest in commercial paper and debt instruments of financial institutions, corporations, U.S. government-sponsored agencies and the U.S. Treasury. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to ensure liquidity and to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our marketable securities without significantly increasing risk. We have established guidelines regarding approved investments and maturities of investments, which are designed to maintain safety and liquidity. If a 10 change in interest rates were to have occurred on December 31, 2022, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our cash and cash equivalents as of that date. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 Inflation generally may affect us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. Inflation has not had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 The U.S. dollar is our functional and reporting currency. However, a significant portion of our operating expenses are incurred in NIS. As a result, we are exposed to the risk that the NIS may appreciate relative to the dollar, or, if the NIS instead devalues relative to the dollar, that the inflation rate in Israel may exceed such rate of devaluation of the NIS, or that the timing of such devaluation may lag behind inflation in Israel. In any such event, the dollar cost of our operations in Israel would increase and our dollar-denominated results of operations would be adversely affected. We cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation in Israel or the rate of devaluation, if any, of the NIS against the dollar. For example, the dollar appreciated against the NIS during 2022 by a total of 11.9 . If the dollar cost of our operations in Israel increases, our dollar-measured results of operations will be adversely affected. Our operations also could be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively hedge against currency fluctuations in the future. 
 
 We do not currently engage in currency hedging activities in order to reduce this currency exposure, but we may begin to do so in the future. Instruments that may be used to hedge future risks may include foreign currency forward and swap contracts. These instruments may be used to selectively manage risks, but there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against material foreign currency fluctuations. 

70

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 UroGen Pharma Ltd. 
 
 Index to financial statements 
 
 Pages 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 72 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 77 

71

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of UroGen Pharma Ltd. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UroGen Pharma Ltd. and its subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of shareholders' equity (deficit) and of cash flows for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred losses and experienced negative operating cash flows since its inception that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Gross Revenue from Product Sales 
 
 As described in Notes 1, 3 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, product sales from the Company s commercial product, Jelmyto, are recognized as revenue at the point in time that control of the product has been transferred to the customer, generally at the point the product has been delivered to the treating physician. All product sales of Jelmyto are recognized through the Company's arrangement with a single customer, a third-party national specialty distributor. Net revenue recognized includes gross revenue and management s estimate of returns, consideration paid to the customer, chargebacks relating to differences between the wholesale acquisition cost and the contracted price offered to the end consumer, chargebacks relating to 340b drug pricing programs, Medicaid drug rebate programs, and the Company s copay assistance program. The Company s consolidated net revenue was 64.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which gross revenue from product sales represented a majority. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for gross revenue from product sales is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others (i) testing the Company s reconciliation of gross revenue recognized from product sales to third-party information, (ii) evaluating reconciling items, as applicable, (iii) confirming sales terms with the Company s single customer, (iv) confirming accounts receivable from product sales of Jelmyto with the Company s single customer, and (v) evaluating a sample of gross revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, including the customer contract, purchase orders, invoices, proof of delivery, cash remittances, and bank statements, as applicable. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

72

Table of Contents 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts and par value) 

December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Assets 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Marketable securities 
 Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Non-current assets: 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Restricted deposit 
 Right of use assets 
 Marketable securities 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total Assets 
 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Employee related accrued expenses 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities: 
 Non-current liabilities: 
 Prepaid forward obligation 
 Long-term debt 
 Long-term lease liabilities 
 Uncertain tax positions liability 
 Total Liabilities 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19) 
 Shareholders' Equity (Deficit): 
 Ordinary shares, NIS 0.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; 23,129,953 and 22,462,995 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity 
 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

73

Table of Contents 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

Financing on prepaid forward obligation 

() 

() 

Interest expense on long-term debt 

() 

Interest and other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) 

Unrealized (loss) on investments 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per ordinary share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding used in computation of basic and diluted loss per ordinary share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

74

Table of Contents 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Ordinary Shares 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total 

Number of Shares 

Amount 

Amounts 

Balance as of January 1, 2021 

60 

452,525 

(356,501) 

271 

96,355 

Changes During 2021 

Exercise of options into ordinary shares 

1 

60 

61 

Share-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

(110,820) 

(110,820) 

Balance as of January 1, 2022 

() 

() 

Changes during 2022 

Exercise of options into ordinary shares 

2 

1,509 

1,511 

Share-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

63 

487,787 

(577,104) 

() 

(89,361) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

75

Table of Contents 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash from operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Inventory Obsolescence 

Accrued financing on prepaid forward obligation 

Amortization (accretion) on marketable securities 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of discount on long-term debt 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

() 

() 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Other non-current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Employee related accrued expenses 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

Lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Sales of marketable securities 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Proceeds from prepaid forward arrangement 

Proceeds from exercise of options into ordinary shares 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Issuance cost related to at-the-market issuances 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

() 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Year 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Activities 

Non-cash issuance cost 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

76

Table of Contents 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The Company expects to incur losses and have negative net cash flows from operating activities as it executes on its strategy including engaging in further research and development activities, particularly conducting non-clinical studies and clinical trials. The success of the Company depends on the ability to successfully commercialize its technologies to support its operations and strategic plan. 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of UPL and its wholly owned subsidiary UPI. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated during consolidation. 
 
 In accordance with the accounting guidance related to the presentation of financial statements, management evaluates whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the date the financial statements are issued. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, and do not include any adjustments relating to the carrying amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is expected to be impacted by its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations, produce cash inflows from Jelmyto product sales and develop UGN- 102. 
 
 The Company believes that absent sufficient proceeds received from equity, financing, or business development transactions, the Company will not have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund its operations beyond one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Accordingly, the Company will, over the next twelve months, require significant additional financing to continue its operations. In addition, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure such additional financing if at all, on terms that are satisfactory to the Company, and in amounts sufficient to meet its needs. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Failure to successfully receive additional financing will require the Company to delay, limit or reduce product development and commercialization efforts. 

- 
 Furniture - 
 Manufacturing equipment - 

Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or lease terms. See Note 8 for further discussion regarding property and equipment. 

Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis for operating leases. Variable lease payments associated with the Company s leases are recognized when the event, activity, or circumstance in the lease agreement on which those payments are assessed occurs. Variable lease payments are presented as operating expense on the consolidated statements of operations in the same line item as expense arising from fixed lease payments. 
 
 The Company s lease terms may include options to extend the lease. The lease extensions are included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. 
 
 Because most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate of return, an incremental borrowing rate is used based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments on an individual lease basis. The Company s incremental borrowing rate for a lease is the rate of interest it would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar terms. 
 
 ROU assets for operating leases are periodically reviewed for impairment losses under ASC 360 - 10, Property, Plant, and Equipment , to determine whether an ROU asset is impaired, and if so, the amount of the impairment loss to recognize. 

The following table summarizes the calculation of basic and diluted loss per common share for the periods presented (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

Weighted-average number of ordinary shares 
 Loss per ordinary share 

Accrued sales reserves 
 Accrued clinical expenses 
 Accrued research and development expenses 
 Accrued selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Accrued other expenses 
 Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Interest and Other Income, Net 
 
 Interest and other income, net consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Other income (expense), net 
 Total interest and other income, net 

Finished goods 
 Total inventories 

1 million and million of raw materials are included within other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Changes in non-current assets are reflected on the consolidated statements of cash flows within the caption of other non-current assets. 

As a basis for considering such assumptions, a three -tier fair value hierarchy has been established, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 
 
 Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 
 
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions. 
 
 The carrying amounts of the Company s cash, restricted cash, other current assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities are generally considered to be representative of their fair value because of the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. 
 
 The carrying value of the prepaid forward obligation (See Note 9 - Prepaid Forward Obligation) approximates its fair value. The Company estimated the fair value of the prepaid forward obligation using Level 3 inputs, including internally developed financial forecasts and management's estimate of probability of success related to product candidates, and determined that the effective interest rate in the obligation approximates market rates for loans with similar terms and risk characteristics. 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of long-term debt (see Note 10 - Long-Term Debt) using the income approach with Level 3 inputs. The Company estimated future floating rate interest payments using a forward curve of a three -month benchmark rate, and estimated fair value based on publicly available data reported in the financial statements of publicly traded venture lending companies. Based on a reasonable range of yields for debt instruments of similar tenor in a similar industry, the Company determined that the carrying value of the long-term debt on the Company's balance sheet approximates its fair value. 
 
 No transfers between levels have occurred during the periods presented. 
 
 Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis based on Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurement criteria as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands): 

Corporate bonds 
 Commercial paper 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Total marketable securities 

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis based on Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurement criteria as of December 31, 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 

Marketable securities 
 US government 
 Corporate bonds 
 Commercial paper 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Total marketable securities 
 Total assets at fair value 

The Company s investments in US government bonds and money market funds are measured based on publicly available quoted market prices for identical securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company's investments in corporate bonds, commercial paper and certificates of deposits are measured based on quotes from market makers for similar items in active markets. 

Corporate bonds 
 Commercial paper 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Total marketable securities 

The following table summarizes the Company s investments as of December 31, 2021 in thousands): 

Marketable securities 
 US government 
 Corporate bonds 
 Commercial paper 
 Certificates of deposit 
 Total marketable securities 
 Total assets at fair value 

The Company classifies its investments as available-for-sale, and they consist entirely of debt securities. As of December 31, 2022 , the amortized cost of investments included an immaterial amount of accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022 , marketable securities were in a net unrealized loss position. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are included as a component of comprehensive loss. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the aggregate fair value of investments held by the Company in an unrealized loss position was million which consisted of 20 securities. The unrealized loss was primarily driven by rising interest rates. The Company does not expect to settle the debentures at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investment; the Company expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. In accordance with the Company s general investment strategy, the Company does not intend to sell the investments before maturity. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company believes the cost basis for its marketable securities were recoverable in all material aspects and no allowance for credit losses were recognized in the period. 
 
 The Company s investments as of December 31, 2022 mature at various dates through August 2023. The fair values of investments by contractual maturity consist of the following (in thousands): 

Maturities after one year through three years 
 Total investments 

Computer equipment and software 
 Furniture 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Manufacturing equipment 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

million million net of transaction costs) to support the continued launch of Jelmyto and the development of UGN- 102. In return for the transferred funds, RTW is entitled to receive tiered, future cash payments based on aggregate worldwide annual net product sales of Jelmyto in an amount equal to: (i) of annual net sales up to 200 million, (ii) of annual net sales for annual net sales between 200 million and 300 million, and (iii) of annual net sales for annual net sales above 300 million. If certain revenue thresholds for Jelmyto aggregate worldwide annual net sales are not met, the future cash payments to RTW with respect to Jelmyto annual net sales up to 200 million will increase by , and may decrease back to 9.5 dependent on the Company meeting certain subsequent Jelmyto aggregate worldwide annual net sales thresholds. The rate in effect for the year ended December 31, 2022 for annual net sales up to million was . 
 
 In addition, subject to FDA approval of UGN- 102 , RTW is entitled to receive tiered, future cash payments based on aggregate worldwide annual net product sales of UGN- 102 in an amount equal to: (i) of annual net sales up to 200 million, (ii) of annual net sales for annual net sales between 200 million and 300 million, and (iii) of annual net sales for annual net sales above 300 million. If the Company does not receive FDA approval for UGN- 102 by a specified date, the future cash payments to RTW with respect to aggregate worldwide annual net sales of Jelmyto across all Jelmyto annual net sales tiers will increase by . 
 
 In accordance with the prepaid forward agreement, the Company will be required to make payments of amounts owed to RTW each calendar quarter, through and until the quarter in which the aggregate cash payments received by RTW are equal to or greater than 300 million. As security for the payment and fulfilment of these amounts throughout the arrangement, the Company has granted RTW a first priority security interest in Jelmyto and UGN- 102 , including the regulatory approvals, intellectual property, material agreements, proceeds and accounts receivable related to these products. 
 
 In May 2021, following the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals, the Company received the million prepaid forward payment million net of transaction costs) from RTW and recognized an associated prepaid forward obligation liability. Each period the Company makes a payment to RTW, an expense is recognized related to financing on the prepaid forward obligation based on an imputed rate derived from the expected future payments. Management reassesses the effective rate each period based on the current carrying value of the obligation and the revised estimated future payments. Changes in future payments from previous estimates are included in future financing expense. The Company does not expect to make any principal payments in the next 12 months. 
 
 The following table shows the activity with respect to the carrying value of the prepaid forward liability (in thousands): 

Capitalized closing costs 
 Financing on prepaid forward obligation 
 Amounts paid and payable (1) 
 Carrying value of prepaid forward obligation as of December 31, 2021 
 Financing on prepaid forward obligation 
 Amounts paid and payable (1) 
 Carrying value of prepaid forward obligation as of December 31, 2022 

1 million and million of the Amounts paid and payable are included as current portion of the prepaid forward obligation within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

million in two tranches. The first tranche of million was funded in March 2022. The second tranche of million was funded in December 2022. The facility will mature five years from initial funding and can be prepaid in whole at the Company's discretion, at any time, subject to prepayment premiums and make-whole amounts. The loan will require interest-only payments for the first 48 months followed by principal and interest payments with interest accruing using 3 -month London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR (with a floor) plus . In the event of the cessation of LIBOR, the benchmark governing the interest rate will be replaced with a rate based on the secured overnight financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The Company is not required to maintain any financial covenants. 
 
 The Company incurred financing expenses of million which are recognized as a direct offset to the long-term debt on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. These debt issuance costs are amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method, and are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as Interest expense". 
 
 The following table shows the activity with respect to the carrying value of the long-term debt, in thousands: 

Capitalized costs and discounts 
 Interest expense 
 Amounts paid 
 Carrying value of Pharmakon loan as of December 31, 2022 

million as of December 31, 2022. 

In September 2017, UPI entered into a new lease agreement for its office space in New York, which the Company previously used as its headquarters. The lease agreement commenced in October 2017 and terminated in February 2021. 

In April 2018, UPI entered into a new lease agreement for an office in Los Angeles, California. The lease commencement date was July 10, 2018 and terminates in March 2024. The landlord provided a tenant allowance for leasehold improvements of million that was accounted for as a lease incentive. The Company s remaining contractual obligation under this lease is approximately million as of December 31, 2022 . In November 2019, UPI entered into a sublease for this office space, with a lease commencement date of January 1, 2020 and continuing until the end of the lease term in March 2024. The subtenants exercised their early access clause and moved into the premises at the end of November 2019. The remaining rental payments to be received over the lease term is approximately million as of December 31, 2022 . The Company accounts for the sublease as on operating lease in accordance with ASC 842. 

In November 2019, UPI entered into a new lease agreement for an office in Princeton, New Jersey, which the Company now uses as its headquarters. The lease commencement date was November 29, 2019 with an original lease term of months, expiring January 31, 2023. In June 2022, the Company signed a lease extension for the Princeton office, extending the term of the lease through January 31, 2026. The Company s remaining contractual obligation under this lease is approximately million as of December 31, 2022 . 

In addition, the Company has other operating office equipment and vehicle leases. The Company s operating leases may require minimum rent payments, contingent rent payments adjusted periodically for inflation, or rent payments equal to the greater of a minimum rent or contingent rent. The Company s leases do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company s leases expire at various dates from 2022 through 2026, with varying renewal and termination options. 
 
 The components of lease cost for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Sublease income 
 Variable lease cost 

The amounts recognized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 

Long-term lease liabilities 
 Other current liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022, impairment losses have been recognized. 
 
 Supplemental information related to leases for the periods reported is as follows (in thousands, except for lease term and discount rate amounts): 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term of operating leases (in years) 
 Weighted-average discount rate of operating leases 

As of December 31, 2022 , maturities of lease liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 

2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 Less: Interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2021 , maturities of lease liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 

2023 
 2024 
 Total future minimum lease payments 

Subleases 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , undiscounted cash flows to be received under the Company s operating sublease on an annual basis were as follows (in thousands): 

2024 
 Total future minimum sublease payments 

As of December 31, 2021, undiscounted cash flows to be received under the Company s operating sublease on an annual basis was as follows (in thousands): 

2023 
 2024 
 Total future minimum sublease payments 

Sublease income is recognized net within operating expenses. Sublease income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 

Net revenue recognized includes gross revenue and management s estimate of returns, consideration paid to the customer, chargebacks relating to differences between the wholesale acquisition cost and the contracted price offered to the end consumer, chargebacks relating to 340b drug pricing programs, Medicaid drug rebate programs, and the Company s copay assistance program, which are estimated based on the Company s historical experience. Reserves related to items that are contractually able to be net settled are recognized as contra accounts receivable while other remaining reserves are recognized within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The following table shows the activity with respect to sales reserves for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , in thousands: 

Changes during 2021 
 Accruals 
 Utilizations 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Changes during 2022 
 Accruals 
 Utilizations 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

million to MD Anderson to fund the collaboration, recognized evenly over the associated period through research and development expenses. In July 2022, the Company determined that it had achieved the objectives that it established when the agreement was initiated, and notified MD Anderson that it was exercising its right to conclude the collaboration in 2022 as the Company did not foresee initiating further development activities as part of the collaboration, although the Company will continue to collaborate on existing joint projects. As a result of this notification, the Company is not responsible for any further fixed bi-annual funding payments, although the Company will be responsible for costs related to existing joint projects that exceed the payments already made to MD Anderson. 

million ordinary shares authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company had million and million ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Each ordinary share is entitled to one vote. The holders of ordinary shares are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available, when and if declared by the Board of Directors (the "Board"). Since its inception, the Board has not declared any dividends. 

years. Options shall not have an exercise price less than of the fair market value of the Company s ordinary shares on the grant date, and generally vest over a period of three years. If the individual possesses more than of the combined voting power of all classes of equity of the Company, the exercise price shall not be less than of the fair market value of an ordinary share on the date of grant. 
 
 The Company s RSU and option grants provide for accelerated or continued vesting in certain circumstances as defined in the plans and related grant agreements, including a termination in connection with a change in control. RSUs generally vest in a increment upon the first anniversary of grant, and in either equal quarterly or annual amounts for the two years following the one -year anniversary of the grant date. Options generally vest in a increment upon the first anniversary of the grant date, and in either equal quarterly or annual amounts for the two years following the one -year anniversary of the grant date. 
 
 The expected volatility is based on a mix of the Company s historical volatility, and the historical volatility of comparable companies with similar attributes to the Company, including industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial leverage. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the options granted. The expected term is the length of time until the expected dates of exercising the options and is estimated for employees using the simplified method due to insufficient specific historical information of employees exercise behavior, and for non-employees, and directors using the contractual term. 
 
 The maximum number of ordinary shares that was initially authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan was . On January 1, 2018, the share reserve increased by to shares. On October 12, 2018, the Company increased the amount of ordinary shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan by to shares. On June 8, 2020, the Company s shareholders approved an increase to the amount of ordinary shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan by to shares. On June 7, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved an increase to the amount of ordinary shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan by to shares. On June 8, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved an increase to the amount of ordinary shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan by to shares. 
 
 In May 2019, the Company adopted the UroGen Pharma Ltd. 2019 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan ). Under the Inducement Plan, the Company is authorized to issue up to ordinary shares pursuant to inducement awards. The only persons eligible to receive grants under the Inducement Plan are individuals who satisfy the standards for inducement grants under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5635 (c)( 4 and the related guidance under Nasdaq IM 5635 - 1, including individuals who were not previously an employee or director of the Company or are following a bona fide period of non-employment, in each case as an inducement material to such individual s agreement to enter into employment with the Company. In December 2021, the Board approved a increase in the share reserve of the Inducement Plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, ordinary shares are subject to outstanding awards under the Company's share-based compensation plans, and ordinary shares remain available for future awards. 

Options granted: 
 
 Set forth below are grants made by the Company as of December 31, 2022 . The majority of options vest over three years and expire on the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. 
 
 a) During 2022 , the Company granted options with exercise prices ranging from to per share. 

b) During 2021 , the Company granted options with exercise prices ranging from to per share. 

The fair value of options granted during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 The total unrecognized compensation cost of options as of December 31, 2022 was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 The fair value of options granted was computed using the Black-Scholes model. The underlying data used for computing the fair value of the options are as follows: 
 
 9 8 2 7 
 Dividend yield 
 Expected volatility - - 
 Risk-free interest rate - - 
 Expected term (in years) 6.0-10 years 6.0-10 years 

The expected volatility is based on a mix of the Company's historical volatility and the historical volatility of comparable companies with similar attributes to the Company, including industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial leverage. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the options granted. The expected term is the length of time until the expected dates of exercising the options and is estimated for employees using the simplified method due to insufficient specific historical information of employees exercise behavior, and for non-employees, and directors using the contractual term. 
 
 The following table summarizes the number of employee and non-employee options outstanding under the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and related information: 

Granted 
 Forfeited 
 Exercised 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Forfeited 
 Exercised 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes the outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 : 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the total vested and exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 is million. 
 
 The following table summarizes information about RSU activity as of December 31, 2022 : 

Granted 
 Vested and released 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted 
 Vested and released 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

The fair value of RSUs granted during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation cost of RSUs as of December 31, 2022 is million with a weighted average recognition period of years. 
 
 The following table illustrates the effect of share-based compensation on the Statements of Operations: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Total share-based compensation expense 

. 
 
 For financial reporting purposes, the expense for current income taxes consists of the following (in thousands): 

U.S. State 
 Total current taxes 

Deferred income taxes: 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company and its subsidiary deferred tax assets are as follows (in thousands): 

Research and development expenses 17,949 8,988 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Issuance costs 
 In-process research and development 
 Right of use asset 
 Lease Liabilities 
 Accrued expenses 
 Depreciation of fixed assets 
 Other 
 Less valuation allowance 
 Net deferred tax assets 

The change in valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Changes during the year 
 Balance at the end of the year 

The main reconciling item between the statutory tax rates of the Company and the effective rate is the share-based compensation, the provision for a full valuation allowance in respect of tax benefits from carryforward tax losses due to the uncertainty of the realization of such tax benefits, utilization of tax credits and expense related to uncertain tax positions. A reconciliation of the Company s statutory tax rate to effective tax is as follows (in thousands, except statutory rate): 
 Statutory rate 
 Income tax expense/(benefit) at statutory rate 
 Additional tax (tax saving) in respect of: 
 Non-deductible compensation expense 
 R D and orphan drug credits 
 Different tax rate of foreign subsidiaries 
 Uncertain tax positions 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Other 
 Income tax expense 

Pretax loss for December 31, 2022 and 2021 includes pretax loss from foreign (United States) jurisdictions of million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions that may limit our use of federal net operating loss carryforwards if significant changes occur in the constructive stock ownership of UroGen Pharma Inc. In the event it has had an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, utilization of its net operating loss carryforwards could be restricted under Section 382 of the Code and similar state provisions. Such limitations could result in the expiration of the net operating carryforwards incurred before 2018 before their utilization. 
 
 Losses for tax purposes carried forward to future years 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had approximately million and million of carryforward tax losses, prior to tax effecting, respectively, available to reduce future taxable income without limitation of use. 
 
 Uncertain tax positions 
 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of uncertain tax positions is as follows (in thousands): 

Gross increases tax positions in current period 
 Gross increases tax positions in prior period 
 Uncertain tax positions at the end of the year 

The balances of uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 would affect the Company s effective tax rate if recognized. 
 
 The Company has recorded a liability for uncertain tax positions of million as of December 31, 2022 for tax positions relating to transfer pricing between affiliated entities. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company's liability for uncertain tax positions includes million of accrued interest and penalties. 
 
 The Company operates on a global basis and is subject to tax laws and regulations in the United States and Israel. The estimate of the Company s tax liabilities relating to uncertain tax positions requires management to assess uncertainties and to make judgments about the application of complex tax laws and regulations, expectations regarding the outcome of tax authority examinations, as well as the ultimate measurement of potential liabilities. 
 
 The uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that could affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, including lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, correspondence with tax authorities, proposed assessments by tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation or regulations. The Company believes that adequate amounts of tax have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from its uncertain tax positions. Based upon the information currently available, the Company does not reasonably expect changes in its existing uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months and has recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. 
 
 The Company has received final tax assessments up to and including its 2015 tax year. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive and financial officers (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosures controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

92

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item and not set forth below will be set forth in the section headed Election of Directors and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC by May 1, 2023 ("Proxy Statement"), and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Corporate Code of Ethics and Conduct. The Corporate Code of Ethics and Conduct is available on our website at http://www.urogen.com under the Corporate Governance section of our Investors page. We will promptly disclose on our website (i) the nature of any amendment to the policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (ii) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the policy that is granted to one of these specified individuals, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver. Shareholders may request a free copy of the Corporate Code of Ethics and Conduct from c/o UroGen Pharma Ltd., 400 Alexander Park Dr., Princeton, NJ 08540. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Information regarding our equity compensation plans will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the sections headed Transactions With Related Persons and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this Annual Report by reference. 

93

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Part II, Item 8 above. 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2015, between the Registrant and Telormedix SA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-217201), filed with the SEC on April 7, 2017). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Association of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 18, 2017). 

4.1 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibit 3.1 . 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Ordinary Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Officer Indemnity and Exculpation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Report Form 6-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on July 13, 2018). 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated 2010 Israeli Share Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on March 15, 2018). 

10.3 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 

10.4 
 
 2017 Israeli Equity Incentive Sub Plan to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-217201), filed with the SEC on April 7, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 UroGen Pharma Ltd. 2019 Inducement Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the UroGen Pharma Ltd. 2019 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 28, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the UroGen Pharma Ltd. 2019 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 28, 2019). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Compensation Policy for Officer Holders. 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Elizabeth Barrett, dated as of January 3, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019). 

94

Table of Contents 

10.10 
 
 Amendment 1 to Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Elizabeth Barrett, dated as of January 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Omnibus Amendment to Equity Awards by and between the Registrant and Elizabeth Barrett, dated as of January 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark Schoenberg, dated as of December 5, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019). 

10.13 
 
 Amendment 1 to Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark Schoenberg, dated as of January 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-8079), filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Amendment 2 to Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Mark Schoenberg, dated as of March 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Jason Smith, dated August 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020). 

10.16 
 
 Amendment 1 to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Jason Smith, dated January 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Dong Kim, dated March 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 License Agreement, dated November 8, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Agenus Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated November 4, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Witman Properties, L.L.C. and Alexander Road at Davanne, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020). 

10.20 
 
 Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated June 8, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Witman Properties, L.L.C. and Alexander Road at Davanne, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022). 

10.21 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, dated May 30, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Isotopia Molecular Imaging Ltd. (the Isotopia Agreement and the extension to the Isotopia Agreement, dated August 25, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Isotopia Molecular Imaging Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022). 

10.22 
 
 Manufacturing Supply Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2020 and amended as of March 2, 2022, by and between UroGen Pharma Ltd. and Cenexi-Laboratoires Thissen s.a. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 

10.23 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2022, by and among UroGen Pharma Ltd. (the Company ), UroGen Pharma, Inc., as the borrower, and certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time, as guarantors, BPCR Limited Partnership, as a lender, BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP, as a lender, and BioPharma Credit PLC, as collateral agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38079), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiary of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page hereto). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officers Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of UroGen Pharma Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 The cover page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been formatted in Inline XBRL 

Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. 

Correction of the hyperlink for Exhibit 23.1 to the Form S-3 (File Number 333-268398), filed with the SEC on November 15, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

95

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UROGEN PHARMA LTD. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Elizabeth Barrett 

Elizabeth Barrett 

Chief Executive Officer 

SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 We, the undersigned directors and officers of UroGen Pharma Ltd. (the Company ), hereby severally constitute and appoint Elizabeth Barrett and Don Kim, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys, with full power to them, and to each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file or cause to be filed the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as each of us might or could do in person, and hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys, and each of them, or their substitute or substitutes, shall do or cause to be done by virtue of this Power of Attorney. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Elizabeth Barrett 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Elizabeth Barrett 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Don Kim 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Don Kim 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Arie Belldegrun 
 
 Chair 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Arie Belldegrun, M.D. 

/s/ Cynthia Butitta 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Cynthia Butitta 

/s/ Fred E. Cohen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Fred E. Cohen 

/s/ Leana S. Wen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Leana S. Wen 

/s/ Stuart Holden 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Stuart Holden, M.D. 

/s/ Ran Nussbaum 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Ran Nussbaum 

/s/ Dan Wildman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 

Dan Wildman 

96

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex_451119.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

ex_451119.htm 

Exhibit 10.3 

UroGen Pharma Ltd. 

2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

Adopted by the Board of Directors: March 29, 2017 and May 3, 2017 

 Approved by the Stockholders: April 19, 2017 

 IPO Date/Effective Date: May 9, 2017 

 Amended by the Board of Directors: August 29, 2018 

 Amended by the Board of Directors: April 26, 2020 

 Approved by the Stockholders: June 8, 2020 

 Amended by the Board of Directors: March 17, 2021 

 Approved by the Stockholders: June 7, 2021 

 Amended by the Board of Directors: March 7, 2022 

 Approved by the Stockholders: June 8, 2022 

1. GENERAL . 

(a) Eligible Award Recipients. Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards. 

(b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following types of Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, (vii) Performance Cash Awards, and (viii) Other Stock Awards. 

(c) Purpose. The Plan, through the grant of Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate, and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Ordinary Shares. 

2. ADMINISTRATION . 

(a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 1(f). 

(b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 

i. 

To determine: (A) who will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) what type of Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Ordinary Shares under the Award; (E) the number of Ordinary Shares subject to, or the cash value of, an Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. 

ii. 

To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement or in the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 

iii. 

To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 

iv. 

To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or Ordinary Shares may be issued in settlement thereof). 

v. 

To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent. 

vi. 

To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements (taking into account any permissible and effective opting out by the Company from such requirements), and except as provided in Section 1(uu) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of Ordinary Shares available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which Ordinary Shares may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Plan. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent. 

vii. 

To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 162(m) of the Code regarding the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to Covered Employees, (B) Section 422 of the Code regarding incentive stock options and/or (C) Rule 16b-3. 

viii. 

To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided, however, that a Participant s rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; and/or (D) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements. 

ix. 

Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 

x. 

To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are not United States nationals or who are employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). 

(c) Delegation to Committee. 

General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 

Section 162(m) and Rule 16b-3 Compliance. The Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, or solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. 

(d) Delegation to an Officer. The Board may delegate to one (1) or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Awards, and (ii) determine the number of Ordinary Shares to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of Ordinary Shares that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine Fair Market Value 

(e) No Repricing of Awards. Neither the Board nor any Committee will have the authority to (i) reduce the exercise or strike price of any outstanding Option or SAR or (ii) cancel any outstanding Option or SAR that has an exercise or strike price (per share) greater than the then-current Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares in exchange for cash or other Stock Awards under the Plan, unless the shareholders of the Company have approved such an action within twelve (12) months prior to such an event. 

(f) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 

3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN . 

(a) Share Reserve. Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards from and after the Effective Date will not exceed 4,750,167 shares (the Share Reserve ). For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 0 is a limitation on the number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 0 does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 1(ff). Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

(b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of Ordinary Shares that may be available for issuance under the Plan and the Ordinary Shares relating to such Stock Award (or portion thereof) will again become available for issuance under the Plan. If any Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. 

(c) Incentive Stock Option Limit. Subject to the provisions of Section 1(uu) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of Ordinary Shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be 5,600,000 Ordinary Shares. 

(d) Section 162(m) Limitations . Subject to the provisions of Section 1(uu) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, at such time as the Company may be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, the following limitations shall apply. 

A maximum of 500,000 Ordinary Shares subject to Options, SARs and Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Award is granted may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any additional Options, SARs or Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Award are granted to any Participant during any calendar year, compensation attributable to the exercise of such additional Stock Awards will not satisfy the requirements to be considered qualified performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code unless such additional Stock Award is approved by the Company s stockholders. 

A maximum of 500,000 Ordinary Shares subject to Performance Stock Awards may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year (whether the grant, vesting or exercise is contingent upon the attainment during the Performance Period of the Performance Goals). 

A maximum of 3.0 million may be granted as a Performance Cash Award to any one Participant during any one calendar year. 

(e) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Ordinary Shares, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 

4. ELIGIBILITY . 

(a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards . Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however , that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 

(b) Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. 

5. PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . 

Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for Ordinary Shares purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however , that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

(a) Term. Subject to the provisions of Section 1(o) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 

(b) Exercise Price. Subject to the provisions of Section 1(o) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in Ordinary Shares equivalents. 

(c) Purchase Price for Options. The purchase price of Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: 

by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company; 

pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds; 

by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of Ordinary Shares; 

if an Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; provided, however , that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Ordinary Shares will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or 

in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR. To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Ordinary Share equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Ordinary Share equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Ordinary Shares, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. 

(e) Transferability of Options and SARs. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: 

Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 

Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 

Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Ordinary Shares or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Ordinary Shares or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 

(f) Vesting Generally. The total number of Ordinary Shares subject to an Option or SAR may vest and become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 1(u) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of Ordinary Shares as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. 

(g) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date which occurs ninety (90) days following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. 

(h) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Ordinary Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Ordinary Shares received on exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the period of days or months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Ordinary Shares received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 

(i) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date which occurs 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 

(j) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date which occurs 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 

(k) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service. 

(l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any Ordinary Shares until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company's then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. 

6. PROVISIONS OF STOCK AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS AND SARS. 

(a) Restricted Stock Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s articles of association, at the Board s election, Ordinary Shares may be (x) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (y) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

Consideration. A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration (including future services) that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 

Vesting. Ordinary Shares awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 

Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the Ordinary Shares held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 

Transferability. Rights to acquire Ordinary Shares under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Ordinary Shares awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 

Dividends. A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. 

(b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 

Consideration. At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Ordinary Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Ordinary Shares subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 

Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 

Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of Ordinary Shares, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 

Additional Restrictions. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the Ordinary Shares (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 

Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of Ordinary Shares covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Ordinary Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 

Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 

(c) Performance Awards . 

Performance Stock Awards . A Performance Stock Award is a Stock Award (covering a number of shares not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d) above) that is payable (including that may be granted, may vest or may be exercised) contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals. A Performance Stock Award may but need not require the Participant s completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the applicable Award Agreement, the Board or the Committee may determine that cash may be used in payment of Performance Stock Awards. 

Performance Cash Awards . A Performance Cash Award is a cash award (for a dollar value not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d) above) that is payable contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals. A Performance Cash Award may also require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. At the time of grant of a Performance Cash Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion. The Board or the Committee may specify the form of payment of Performance Cash Awards, which may be cash or other property, or may provide for a Participant to have the option for his or her Performance Cash Award, or such portion thereof as the Board or the Committee may specify, to be paid in whole or in part in cash or other property. 

Board and Committee Discretion . The Board and the Committee retain the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for a Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 

Section 162(m) Compliance . Unless otherwise permitted in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to an Award intended to qualify as performance-based compensation thereunder, the Committee will establish the Performance Goals applicable to, and the formula for calculating the amount payable under, the Award no later than the earlier of (a) the date which occurs 90 days after the commencement of the applicable Performance Period, and (b) the date on which 25 of the Performance Period has elapsed, and in any event at a time when the achievement of the applicable Performance Goals remains substantially uncertain. Prior to the payment of any compensation under an Award intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee will certify the extent to which any Performance Goals and any other material terms under such Award have been satisfied (other than in cases where such Performance Goals relate solely to the increase in the value of the Ordinary Shares). Notwithstanding satisfaction of, or completion of any Performance Goals, the number of Ordinary Shares, Options, cash or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Performance Goals may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine. 

(d) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Ordinary Shares, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Ordinary Shares at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 0 and the preceding provisions of this Section 0. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of Ordinary Shares (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 

7. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY . 

(a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of Ordinary Shares reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards. 

(b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Ordinary Shares issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Ordinary Shares under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Ordinary Shares upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award. 

8. MISCELLANEOUS . 

(a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Ordinary Shares. Proceeds from the sale of Ordinary Shares pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 

(b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents. 

(c) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Ordinary Shares subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of Ordinary Shares under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Ordinary Shares subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 

(d) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the articles of association of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 

(e) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended. 

(f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Ordinary Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 

(g) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Ordinary Shares under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that such Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Ordinary Shares subject to the Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Ordinary Shares. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Ordinary Shares under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Ordinary Shares. 

(h) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding Ordinary Shares from the Ordinary Shares issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; provided, however, that no Ordinary Shares are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 

(i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 

(j) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Ordinary Shares or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 

(k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the Ordinary Shares are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 

(l) Clawback/Recovery . All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired Ordinary Shares or other cash or property upon the occurrence of an event constituting Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company. 

Adjustments upon Changes in Ordinary Shares; Other Corporate Events. 

(a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 0, (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 1(k), (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be awarded to any person pursuant to Sections (l), and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding Ordinary Shares not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the Ordinary Shares subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 

(c) Transactions. The following provisions shall apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board shall take one or more of the following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Transaction: 

arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Transaction); 

arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); 

accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Transaction as the Board shall determine (or, if the Board shall not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Transaction; 

arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award; 

cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and 

make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of Ordinary Shares in connection with the Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or other contingencies. 

The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. 

(d) Change in Control. A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 

Plan Term; Earlier Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 

The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the date the Plan is adopted by the Board (the Adoption Date ), or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 

Existence of the Plan; Timing of First Grant or Exercise. 

The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date; provided, however , that no Award may be granted prior to the IPO Date (that is, the Effective Date). In addition, no Stock Award will be exercised (or, in the case of a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Stock Award, or Other Stock Award, no Stock Award will be granted) and no Performance Cash Award will be settled unless and until the Plan has been approved by the stockholders of the Company, which approval will be within 12 months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. 

Choice of Law. 

The Plan, all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto and, except as provided below or in an applicable subplan, each Award Agreement to a Participant shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, excluding matters that are subject to tax laws, regulations and rules, or conflicts or choice of law rule or principles, of any specific jurisdiction, which shall be governed by the respective laws, regulations and rules of such jurisdiction. 

Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 

(a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 

(b) Award means a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. 

(c) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. 

(d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(e) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Ordinary Shares subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Adoption Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 

(f) Cause will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 

(g) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, (C) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by any individual who is, on the Adoption Date, either an executive officer or a Director (either, a Legacy Investor and/or any entity in which a Legacy Investor has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting rights or participation in profits or capital contributions) of more than 50 (collectively, the Legacy Entities or on account of the Legacy Entities continuing to hold shares that come to represent more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities as a result of the conversion of any class of the Company s securities into another class of the Company s securities having a different number of votes per share pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in the Company s articles of association; or (D) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; 

there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; provided, however , that a merger, consolidation or similar transaction will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving Entity or its parent are owned by the Legacy Entities; 

there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; provided, however , that a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries will not constitute a Change in Control under this prong of the definition if the outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the acquiring Entity or its parent are owned by the Legacy Entities; 

the stockholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company will otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation; or 

individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of the Plan, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company and the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. 

(h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 

(i) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 1(f). 

Company means UroGen Pharma Ltd., an Israeli corporation. 

(j) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 

Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 

(k) Corporate Transaction the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

a sale or other disposition of more than 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company; 

a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or 

a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 

(l) Covered Employee will have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code. 

(m) Director means a member of the Board. 

(n) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 

(o) Effective Date means the IPO Date. 

(p) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 

(q) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 

(r) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

(s) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 

(t) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Ordinary Shares determined as follows: 

If the Ordinary Shares are listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of an Ordinary Share will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Ordinary Shares) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 

Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Ordinary Shares on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 

In the absence of such markets for the Ordinary Shares, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 

(u) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 0 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

(v) IPO Date means the date of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Ordinary Shares, pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares are priced for the initial public offering. 

(w) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 

(x) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any Option granted pursuant to Section 0 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

(y) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

(z) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase Ordinary Shares granted pursuant to the Plan. 

(aa) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(bb) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 

(cc) Ordinary Shares means the Ordinary Shares of the Company, par value NIS 0.01 per Ordinary Share. 

(dd) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 1(ee). 

(ee) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(ff) Outside Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of the Company or an affiliated corporation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former employee of the Company or an affiliated corporation who receives compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan) during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an affiliated corporation, and does not receive remuneration from the Company or an affiliated corporation, either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an outside director for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code. 

(gg) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 

(hh) Participant means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. 

(ii) Performance Cash Award means an award of cash granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 0. 

Performance Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board or the Committee will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board or the Committee: (i) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); (ii) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; (iii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (iv) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and legal settlements; (v) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements and other income (expense); (vi) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense) and stock-based compensation; (vii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense), stock-based compensation and changes in deferred revenue; (viii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense), stock-based compensation, other non-cash expenses and changes in deferred revenue; (ix) total stockholder return; (x) return on equity or average stockholder s equity; (xi) return on assets, investment, or capital employed; (xii) stock price; (xiii) margin (including gross margin); (xiv) income (before or after taxes); (xv) operating income; (xvi) operating income after taxes; (xvii) pre-tax profit; (xviii) operating cash flow; (xix) sales or revenue targets; (xx) increases in revenue or product revenue; (xxi) expenses and cost reduction goals; (xxii) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; (xxiii) economic value added (or an equivalent metric); (xxiv) market share; (xxv) cash flow; (xxvi) cash flow per share; (xxvii) cash balance; (xxviii) cash burn; (xxix) cash collections; (xxx) share price performance; (xxxi) debt reduction; (xxxii) implementation or completion of projects or processes (including, without limitation, clinical trial initiation, clinical trial enrollment and dates, clinical trial results, regulatory filing submissions, regulatory filing acceptances, regulatory or advisory committee interactions, regulatory approvals, and product supply); (xxxiii) stockholders equity; (xxxiv) capital expenditures; (xxxv) debt levels; (xxxvi) operating profit or net operating profit; (xxxvii) workforce diversity; (xxxviii) growth of net income or operating income; (xxxix) billings; (xl) bookings; (xli) employee retention; (xlii) initiation of studies by specific dates; (xliii) budget management; (xliv) submission to, or approval by, a regulatory body (including, but not limited to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration) of an applicable filing or a product; (xlv) regulatory milestones; (xlvi) progress of internal research or development programs; (xlvii) acquisition of new customers; (xlviii) customer retention and/or repeat order rate; (xlix) improvements in sample and test processing times; (l) progress of partnered programs; (li) partner satisfaction; (lii) timely completion of clinical trials; (liii) submission of pre-market approvals and other regulatory achievements; (liv) milestones related to research development (including, but not limited to, preclinical and clinical studies), product development and manufacturing; (lv) expansion of sales in additional geographies or markets; (lvi) research progress, including the development of programs; (lvii) strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property; and (lviii) and to the extent that an Award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, other measures of performance selected by the Board or the Committee. 

Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board or the Committee for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board or the Committee (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board or the Committee will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of any unusual or infrequently occurring items as determined under generally accepted accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding Ordinary Shares of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to Ordinary Shareholders other than regular cash dividends; (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans; (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles; (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles; and (12) to exclude the effect of any other unusual, non-recurring gain or loss or other extraordinary item. In addition, the Board or the Committee retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 

(jj) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board or the Committee over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the payment of a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board or the Committee. 

(kk) Performance Stock Award means a Stock Award granted under the terms and conditions of Section 0. 

Plan means this UroGen Pharma Ltd. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as it may be amended. 

(ll) Restricted Stock Award means an award of Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 1(bb). 

(mm) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(nn) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive Ordinary Shares which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 1(cc). 

(oo) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(pp) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 

(qq) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(rr) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Ordinary Shares that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 0. 

(ss) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(tt) Stock Award means any right to receive Ordinary Shares granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Stock Award or any Other Stock Award. 

(uu) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 

(vv) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding ordinary shares having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 

(ww) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 

(xx) " Transaction " means a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 ex_491982.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

ex_491982.htm 

Exhibit 10.8 

UroGen Pharma Ltd. 

 2019 Officers 1 Compensation Policy 

1. 
			 
			 Introduction 

1.1. UroGen Pharma Ltd. Company is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel therapies designed to change the standard of care for urological pathologies. The Company has an innovative and broad pipeline of product candidates that it believes can overcome the deficiencies of current treatment options for a variety of urological conditions with a focus on uro-oncology. 

1.2. On May 9, 2017, the Company registered its shares on the Nasdaq Global Market (URGN). 

1.3. Per the provisions of Amendment 20 Amendment 20 to the Companies Law 5759-1999 Companies Law " ), the Company's Board of Directors Board has established a Compensation Committee Compensation Committee ). After consideration of the provisions of Amendment 20, the Compensation Committee has recommended that the Board shall adopt the director s and officer s compensation policy Compensation Policy ), specified below. The Board has considered the Compensation Committee's recommendation and on the basis of such recommendation has approved the Compensation Policy. 

1.4. Company's vision is to implement its unique knowledge and expertise in the field of urological pathologies, to further develop an innovative and broad pipeline of product candidates. As such, Company envisions its mission for the coming years to be: (i) establish each of our lead product candidates, UGN-101 and UGN-102, as the first-line therapy in its target; 

(ii) expand our uro-oncology product pipeline, including Vesimune; (iii) utilize our proprietary technology to expand our pipeline with other novel uro-oncology agents and/or into other body cavities and indications; and (iv) evaluate and selectively pursue potential collaborations to develop improved formulations and product lifecycle management strategies. 

1.5. Several main principles and objectives form the basis of the Compensation Policy: (a) to promote the Company's mission, long term goals and targets; (b) to create appropriate incentives for the Company s directors and officers with the aim of aligning such directors and officers' compensation with the Company's mission and goals, taking into account, inter alia, the compensation ranges for similar roles in the life science industry in the U.S.; (c) to adapt a compensation package combination that matches the size of the Company and the nature of its activities also in the context of comparable publicly-traded life science companies - of similar market capitalization and/or stage of development ; and (d) to comply with the provisions of the law by compensating those eligible pursuant to the Compensation Policy, based on their contribution and their efforts to the development of the Company s business and promotion of its goals, in the short and long term. 

1.6. The Compensation Policy is a multi-year policy which supersedes the Company s 2018 Officers Compensation Policy and shall be in effect for a period of five (5) years from the date the shareholders of the Company approved it Effective Date ), following which date it shall be subject to re-approval, and then every three (3) years thereafter. The Compensation Committee and the Board shall review the Compensation Policy from time to time, as required by the Companies Law. The Compensation Policy shall be reapproved (subject to changes to be decided by the Compensation Committee), as required by the applicable law. 

1 The term officer for purposes of this policy shall refer to any employee of the Company that meets either the definition of an officer (i) set out in the Companies Law: a chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, and/or chief medical or scientific officer and other manager/officer who reports directly to the chief executive officer , or (ii) Rule 16(a)-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

1

1.7. The Compensation Policy shall be subject to all mandatory provisions of any applicable law which apply to the Company and its directors and officers, and to the Company's Articles of Association. 

2. 

The Compensation Policy 

2.1. Parameters for Examining the Officer Compensation Terms . In general, the compensation terms for officers shall be examined, while taking into consideration, inter alia, the following parameters: 

2.1.1. The education, qualifications, expertise, seniority (in the Company in particular, and in the officer's profession in general), professional experience and achievements of the officer; 

2.1.2. 

The officer s position, and his previous agreements; 

2.1.3. 

The officer s contribution to the Company s business and stability; 

2.1.4. The degree of responsibility imposed on the officer; The Company s need to retain officers who have skills, know-how or unique expertise; 

2.1.5. 

The Company's global nature; 

2.1.6. The ratio between the officer's employment terms and conditions and other Company employees and/or contract workers employed by the Company and in particular the ratio between such officer's compensation to the average wage and the median wage in the Company and the impact of the differences on employment costs and labor relations in the Company; and 

2.1.7. Reasonable and customary terms of employment of similar officers in similar companies in the field of life science and pharmaceutical drug development and commercialization (valuation, number of employees, regulatory path, etc.) based on market conditions, compensation parameters and experience, and relative benchmarking analysis to such comparable companies, as compiled by an independent compensation consultant engaged by the Compensation Committee (the Market Benchmark ). 

2.2. Compensation Terms of Officers . The Company shall be entitled to grant to its officers (to all or part of them) a compensation package which may include a signing bonus, base salary, commissions (if applicable), annual cash bonus, Share-Based Compensation (as defined below), retirement grants, or any combination thereof. 

2.2.1. Base Salary . The base salary of each officer in the Company, whether paid as salary or as service fee through a management contract against a proper invoice, shall be determined based on the parameters specified in Section 2.1 above Base Salary ). In any case where an officer is providing services through a management services agreement and consideration is paid against an invoice, for the purpose of the Compensation Policy, the Base Salary of such officer shall be deemed to be equal to approximately seventy-five percent (75 of the total consideration paid for his or her services, under such invoice, excluding VAT. The Base Salary of officers whose company car tax liability is grossed up and paid by the Company, shall be deemed to be commensurately below that (approximately seventy percent (70 )) of the total consideration paid for his or her services, excluding VAT. 

2

The Compensation Committee and the Board shall be entitled to update the Base Salary and other terms of engagement of the CEO without shareholder approval, if such terms 

are not materially more favorable than in the previous engagement, which itself received Board, Compensation Committee and shareholders approval. Additionally, the CEO may approve non-material changes to a subordinate officer s engagement terms in accordance with this Compensation Policy, without further approval by the Compensation Committee or Board. In general, and without derogating from further limitations under applicable law, updating the Base Salary at a rate that exceeds fifteen percent (15 per year, of the Base Salary prior to such update (without taking into account any linkage differentials) will be deemed a material change Material Change and shall be considered as a deviation from this Compensation Policy. As of the Effective Date: 

2.2.1.1. Base Salary for the chief executive officer CEO shall be the maximum of (i) the 75 th percentile of the Market Benchmark for chief executive officers, (ii) the latest shareholder approved compensation package for the CEO, or (iii) in the case of a newly appointed CEO, the previously approved compensation package for the CEO, subject to an annual updating at a rate not to exceed fifteen percent (15 per year. 

2.2.1.2. Base Salary for any officer reporting directly to the CEO shall be the maximum of (i) the 75 th percentile of the Market Benchmark for such officer, (ii) the latest shareholder approved compensation package for the respective officer, or (iii) in the case of a newly appointed officer, the previously approved compensation package for such officer, subject to annual updating at a rate not to exceed fifteen percent (15 per year. 

2.2.2. Additional Terms of Compensation . The compensation for each officer may include additional standard benefits such as social benefits, pension insurance, managers insurance, study fund, car allowance, mobile phone allowance, and medical insurance. For the avoidance of doubt, in any event, the aggregate amount and/or update of such additional benefits shall not exceed fifty percent (50 of the officer's Base Salary, excluding such officers whose company car tax liability is grossed up and paid by the Company, in which case such additional benefits shall not exceed seventy percent (70 of the officer's Base Salary. 

2.2.3. Insurance, Exculpation and Indemnification . The officers of the Company shall be entitled to benefit from the insurance, exculpation and indemnification arrangements, to be approved from time to time by the Company, pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and applicable law. 

2.2.4. 

Retirement Terms 

2.2.4.1. Advance Notice . The advance notice period shall be determined individually with respect to each officer, taking into consideration the parameters set forth in Section 2.1 above, but shall not exceed a period of twelve (12) months advance notice Advance Notice ), except in cases whereby a severance payment is specified in the officers employment agreement for termination without cause or for good reason. 

2.2.4.2. In any event the combination of an Advance Notice and a retirement grant provided to a Company officer shall not exceed a period of twelve (12) months all together. 

2.2.5. 

Annual Cash Bonus 

2.2.5.1. Maximum Amount of the Annual Cash Bonus . The compensation package of officers may include an annual cash bonus based on long-term measurable criteria and non- measurable criteria as set forth hereunder Bonus ). 

3

In the event that an officer is eligible for a Bonus, pursuant to the terms of his or her employment, the Bonus shall be subject to the following: 

The Bonus of each officer shall not exceed twelve (12) times such officer s monthly Base Salary. 

In any event, the aggregate amount of all Bonuses, including the cash component of any Exceptional Awards, paid to each of the Company's officers (on an annual basis), on the date of payment thereof, shall not exceed the gross sum equal to 150 (one hundred fifty percent) of the Base Salary with respect to such Company's officers. 

The Bonus will be based mainly (in the case of the CEO, as agreed to in the CEO s employment agreement) on measurable criteria consistent with goals and objectives established at comparable companies such as those related to clinical, regulatory and manufacturing progress, at the sole discretion of the Board. 

2.2.5.2. The Board shall have discretion to reduce any amount out of the Bonus, excluding such bonuses the Company is obligated to pay its employees under any valid employment agreement and any such measurable criteria thereunder. 

2.2.6. 

Share-based Compensation 

2.2.6.1. The Board shall be entitled to grant to the Company s directors and officers: Options, Restricted Stock Units or any other share-based compensation Share- based Compensation ), pursuant to the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), or any successor or subsequent equity incentive plan adopted by the Company subsequent hereto, from time to time and subject to any applicable law. The Board may delegate its authority to grant Share-based Compensation under the Plan to a committee of the Board if it first sets the criteria for such grants (type, number of shares per position, term of option and vesting schedule). Further the Board may delegate the authority to issue the shares so issuable upon conversion or exercise of convertible securities to a committee or the CEO. 

2.2.6.2. The amount of Share Based Compensation granted to the Company's officers initially upon commencement of employment shall not exceed: 

CEO - 200,000 (two hundred thousand) Options or Restricted Stock Units, in the aggregate; and 

Any officer reporting directly to the CEO - 100,000 (one hundred thousand) Options or Restricted Stock Units, in the aggregate. 

2.2.6.3. In addition, the amount of Share Based Compensation granted to the Company's officers on an annual basis (excluding initial grants to officers during the year of commencement of employment) shall not exceed: 

CEO - 200,000 (two hundred thousand) Options or Restricted Stock Units, in the aggregate; and 

Any officer reporting directly to the CEO - 100,000 (one hundred thousand) Options or Restricted Stock Units, in the aggregate. 

2.2.6.4. When discussing the grant of a Share-based Compensation to an officer of the Company, the Compensation Committee and the Board shall consider whether the aforesaid grant is a suitable incentive for increasing the Company's value in the long term, the economic value of the grant, the exercise price and the other terms 

2.2.6.5. Share-Based Compensation, if granted, shall mature in installments or vesting periods (or depend on meeting milestones) which shall take into account the appropriate incentive, in light of the Company s objectives in the years following the approval of the grant, and in any event the vesting shall be at a minimum (i) first cliff after one (1) year from the date of grant; and (ii) full vesting after thirty-six (36) months from the date of an officer first grant. As of the second grant to an officer, full vesting shall occur no earlier than thirty-six 

 (36) months from the date of such applicable grant. 

4

2.2.6.6. The exercise price and any other terms of the grant will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the Board, as required by any applicable law. In any event, such exercise price shall be equal to the Closing Price of the Company's shares as of the date of such grant, or if such date is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day. 

2.2.6.7. The Compensation Committee has decided that in light of the limitations specified in Section 2.2.6.2 above, a limitation on the fair value of the Share-based Compensation after the date of grant will not be imposed. 

2.2.7. Additional Payment of Exceptional Awards for Achievement of Key Deliverables/Milestones . The compensation package of officers may include exceptional awards for the achievement of key deliverables or milestones in the form of cash bonus, or in the form of equity awards, in all cases as determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee and/or the Board Exceptional Awards ). 

2.2.8. 

Claw Back 

2.2.8.1. In the event that a payment to an officer is based on false financial statements of the Company, the officer shall not be entitled to any additional payment and shall be required to repay any excess payments made to them. 

2.3. Changes to an Existing Agreements with Officers . Any changes to the terms and conditions of an employment agreement with an officer, shall be examined by the Compensation Committee in order to determine whether: (i) the change is considered a Material Change in comparison to such officer's current employment terms; and (ii) whether such change is in compliance with the Company's Compensation Policy. 

2.4. 

Compensation of Directors 

2.4.1. Each member of the Board who is not also serving as an employee of the Company or any of its affiliates (each such member, an Eligible Director will receive the compensation described in this Compensation Policy for his or her Board service. An Eligible Director may decline all or any portion of his or her compensation by giving notice to the Company prior to the date cash is to be paid or equity awards are to be granted, as the case may be. 

2.4.2. The annual cash compensation amount set forth below is payable in equal quarterly installments, payable in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter in which the service occurred and payable in any currency chosen by each Eligible Director. If an Eligible Director joins the Board or a committee of the Board at a time other than effective as of the first day of a fiscal quarter, each annual retainer set forth below will be pro-rated based on days served in the applicable fiscal year, with the pro-rated amount paid for the first fiscal quarter in which the Eligible Director provides the service, and regular full quarterly payments thereafter, as follows: 

Position 

Board 

Audit Committee 

Any Other Committee 

Chairman 

US 195,000 

US 20,000 

US 15,000 

Eligible Director/Member 

US 40,000 

US 7,500 

US 5,000 

5

2.4.3. 

The annual cash compensation will be paid quarterly. 

2.4.4. The compensation of the Company's directors, who also serve as executive officers, shall be subject to the limitations as set forth above in this Compensation Policy. To the extent applicable, the compensation of the Company's external directors External Directors shall be in accordance with the Companies Regulations (Rules Regarding the Compensation and Expenses of an External Director), 5760-2000 Compensation of Directors Regulations ). 

2.4.5. Subject to applicable law, compensation shall be allowed in amounts higher than what is stated in the Compensation of Directors Regulations if any of the External Directors is a professional director, an expert director or a director who makes a unique contribution to the Company. 

2.4.6. The Company shall be entitled to pay to its External Directors Share- Based Compensation subject to applicable law and under the restrictions as set forth under section 2.2.6, but in any event the aggregate fair value of the Share-Based Compensation, measured at the time of a new grant, for all of the External Directors of the Company, as a group, in a five-year period, shall not exceed a fair value of US 5,000,000 (five million U.S. Dollars). 

2.4.7. The equity compensation set forth below will be granted under the Plan. All stock options granted under this Compensation Policy will be nonstatutory stock options, with an exercise price per share equal to 100 (one hundred percent) of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the underlying Ordinary Shares on the date of grant, and a term of ten (10) years from the date of grant (subject to earlier termination in connection with a termination of service as provided in the Plan). 

2.4.7.1. Initial Grant : On the Effective Date (in the case of Eligible Directors serving on the Board as of the Effective Date), or on the date of the Eligible Director s initial appointment or election to the Board (in the case of Eligible Directors joining the Board following the Effective Date) (or, if either such date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter), each newly appointed Eligible Director will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee, but subject to shareholders approval, if required, granted an option to purchase 20,000 (twenty thousand) Ordinary Shares at an exercise price per share equal to the closing price of the Ordinary Shares on the date of the Eligible Director s initial appointment or election to the Board (or, if either such date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter). The shares subject to each such stock option will vest in equal quarterly installments for 12 (twelve) quarters, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) through such vesting dates. A grant in excess of the 20,000 (twenty thousand) Initial Grant may be applied as an inducement for Eligible prospective or existing Directors, including the Chairman of the Company, in cases where the Board deems it appropriate in order to advance the interests of the Company, including without limitation in the case of the need for specific skills or leadership criteria on the Board. 

6

If a director joins the Board between annual meetings, the annual grant awarded at his/her first annual meeting will be pro-rated based on the duration of service leading up to the meeting date: (i) for service between 0 (zero) and 90 (ninety) days - no grant; (ii) for service between 91 (ninety-one) and 180 (one hundred eighty) days - 5,000 (five thousand) options; and (iii) for service of at least 181 (one hundred eighty-one) days - 10,000 (ten thousand) options. 

2.4.7.2. Annual Grant : On the date of each annual shareholders meeting of the Company held after the Effective Date, each Eligible Director who continues to serve as a non-employee member of the Board following such shareholders meeting will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee, granted an option to purchase 10,000 (ten thousand) Ordinary Shares at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Ordinary Shares on the date of grant. The shares subject to each such stock option will vest in equal quarterly installments for 4 (four) quarters, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) through such vesting dates. 

3. 

General 

The Compensation Committee and the Board shall, from time to time, review the Compensation Policy and assess the need to adjust it, based, inter alia, on the considerations and guidelines set forth in this policy. In so doing, they will conduct an examination of changes in the Company s goals, market conditions, the Company s profits and revenues in previous periods and in real time, and any other relevant factors. 

Furthermore, the Compensation Committee has taken under consideration the ratio between the Company's officers employment terms and conditions and other Company employees and/or contract workers employed by the Company and in particular the ratio between such officer's compensation to the average, median and lowest wage paid in the Company, and resolved that the above ratios are reasonable and acceptable in light of the Company's nature, and that they shouldn't have any impact on the labor relations in the Company. 

The Compensation Committee has considered the ratio between the fixed and variable components in the Compensation Policy. The Compensation Committee has resolved that such ratio with respect to the Company's officers and Non-Executive Directors shall not exceed a ratio of 1:3. The Compensation Committee further resolved that considering the Company size, nature of activities and long-term goals it is a reasonable and acceptable ratio. 

7

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex_451120.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_451120.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

UroGen Pharma Ltd. 

 Subsidiary of the Registrant 

Urogen Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex_451121.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_451121.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-268398) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-266761, 333-263729, 333-258496, 333-243750, 333-232034, 333-227812, 333-222955, 333-221212 and 333-218992) of UroGen Pharma Ltd. of our report dated March 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 Florham Park, New Jersey 
March 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex_451122.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_451122.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Elizabeth Barrett, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UroGen Pharma Ltd.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Elizabeth Barrett 

Elizabeth Barrett 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex_451123.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_451123.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Don Kim, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UroGen Pharma Ltd.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Don Kim 

Don Kim 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex_451124.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_451124.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Elizabeth Barrett, Chief Executive Officer of UroGen Pharma Ltd. (the Company ), and Don Kim, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 

1. 

The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. 

The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 24th day of March, 2023. 

/s/ Elizabeth Barrett 

/s/ Don Kim 

Elizabeth Barrett 

Don Kim 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of UroGen Pharma Ltd. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 urgn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 urgn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 urgn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 urgn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 urgn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

