<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1913724_0001913724-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3775227</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1007347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>561750</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1964247</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>66522</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>56458</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001913724-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316213658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001913724-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001913724
		IRS NUMBER:				886103622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01523
		FILM NUMBER:		23740557

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 692-8237

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001913724-23-000019.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 agci-20221231.htm
 10-K

agci-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): ) 
 ________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes o No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was no established public market for the Registrant s common shares of beneficial interest Common Shares ). 
 
 As of March 16, 2023, the registrant had Class I shares, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. Common Shares outstanding exclude March 1, 2023 subscriptions since the issuance price is not yet finalized at the date of this filing. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund (together, with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, the "Fund," TCAP, we, us, or our ), our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and opinions, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, should, targets, projects, outlook, potential, predicts and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation: 
 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the companies in which we may invest; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our investment strategy; 
 the impact of geo-political conditions, including revolution, insurgency, terrorism or war; 
 general economic, logistical and political trends and other external factors, including the impact of the uncertainty of the duration and severity of the current novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic, related COVID-19 variants and recent supply chain disruptions; 
 the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements and investments; 
 changes in the general interest rate environment; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our portfolio companies; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (the Adviser or any of its affiliates; 
 the elevating levels of inflation, and its impact on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we may invest; 
 the effect of investments that we expect to make and the competition for those investments; 
 our use of financial leverage, including the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments and the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on the availability of equity and debt capital on favorable terms or at all; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, including our and their ability to achieve our respective objectives; 
 the ability of the Adviser to source suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the impact of any future acquisitions and divestitures; 
 the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and as a business development company BDC 
 the impact on our business of U.S. and international financial reform legislation, rules and regulations; 
 the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest. 
 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of any projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and 

Table of Contents 

 elsewhere in this report. These projections and forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This annual report on Form 10-K contains statistics and other data that have been obtained from or compiled from information made available by third-party service providers. We have not independently verified such statistics or data. Because we are an investment company, the forward-looking statements and projections contained in this report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Act, as amended (the 1934 Act ). 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 
 We are a new company and have limited operating history. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on the ability of the Adviser to manage and support our investment process. 
 Our Board of Trustees may change our operating policies and strategies or amend our Declaration of Trust without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, which could delay deployment of our capital, reduce returns and result in losses and we may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 A significant portion of our investment portfolio is and will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 The amount of any distributions we may make is uncertain and there is a risk that investors in our shares may not receive distributions or that our distributions may decrease over time. Our distributions may exceed our earnings, particularly during the period before we have substantially invested the net proceeds from our public offering. Therefore, portions of the distributions that we make may represent a return of capital to shareholders that will lower their tax basis in their shares and reduce the amount of funds we have for investment in targeted assets. 
 We have not established any limit on the amount of funds we may use from available sources, such as borrowings, if any, or proceeds from our continuous offering, to fund distributions. 
 Although we expect to adopt a share repurchase program, we have discretion to repurchase shares at a disadvantageous time to our shareholders, not repurchase shares or to suspend the program. 
 Efforts to comply with regulations applicable to public companies will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with such regulations may adversely affect us. 
 General economic conditions could adversely affect the performance of our investments. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 Inflation may adversely affect our business and operations and those of our portfolio companies. 
 We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares less attractive to investors. 
 Disruptive, exogenous geopolitical or other macroeconomic events or large-scale conflicts, including warfare among countries could materially and adversely affect our and our portfolio companies respective businesses. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in the Common Shares 
 
 We may have difficulty paying distributions and the tax character of any distributions is uncertain. 
 Shareholders may experience dilution. 
 Investing in our shares involves a high degree of risk and the NAV of our shares may fluctuate significantly. 
 
 Risks Related to our Investments 
 
 We generally will not control our portfolio companies and our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 

Table of Contents 

 We invest in securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. 
 Price declines in the medium-sized U.S. corporate debt market may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio, reducing our NAV through increased net unrealized depreciation. 
 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and breach covenants or default on such debt. 
 There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 Second priority liens on collateral securing debt investments that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and adversely affect our operating results. 
 An investment strategy focused primarily on privately-held companies presents certain challenges, including, but not limited to, the lack of available information about these companies. 
 Our investments in the healthcare and pharmaceutical services industry sector are subject to extensive federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations and certain other risks particular to that industry. 
 We invest in middle market companies, including lower middle market companies, which involves a number of significant risks, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest 
 
 The Adviser and its affiliates, including our officers and some of our Trustees, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates or by obligations to other clients, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio. 
 The Adviser relies on key personnel, the loss of any of whom could impair its ability to successfully manage us. 
 
 Risks Related to Business Development Companies 
 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. 
 
 Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 
 When we borrow money, the potential for loss on amounts invested in us will be magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. 
 Provisions in a credit facility may limit our investment discretion and we may default under our credit facilities. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 We may enter into repurchase agreements. 
 
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements. 
 Our portfolio investments may present special tax issues. 
 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect investors. 
 
 Website Disclosure 
 
 We use our website (www.AGTBCAP.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and webcasts. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 68 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 68 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 68 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 68 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 69 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 71 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 72 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 88 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 89 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 101 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Trustees , Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 106 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 106 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 
 108 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 110 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 111 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 112 
 Signatures 
 113 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund (together, with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, the "Fund," TCAP, we, us, or our was formed on January 27, 2022 as a Delaware statutory trust. We are a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We are externally managed by our adviser, AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (the Adviser ), who also serves as our administrator (the Administrator ). The Adviser is an affiliate of Angelo, Gordon Co., LP and its subsidiaries Angelo Gordon ). We intend to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 
 On January 1, 2023, we completed a merger with an affiliated privately offered BDC, AGTB Private BDC (the Private BDC ), with our company continuing as the surviving company (the Merger ). The Merger was structured as a share-for-share merger in which each outstanding Private BDC common share was exchanged for one Class I share. See The Merger below for additional information. 
 
 Our investment objective is to generate attractive, consistent total returns, predominantly in the form of current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation, by targeting investment opportunities with favorable risk-adjusted returns. A risk-adjusted return measures an investment s return after taking into account the degree of risk that was taken to achieve it. 
 
 We will seek to invest principally in privately originated senior secured loans to U.S. middle market companies, which we believe have consistent capital needs and have not only been underserved in recent years by traditional providers of capital such as banks and the public debt markets, but also for a variety of reasons may prefer working with experienced non-bank lenders. Our origination strategy focuses on the middle market private equity community. This financing is expected to be utilized for a variety of purposes, including to fund organic growth, acquisitions, recapitalizations, management buyouts and leveraged buyouts for companies with revenue generally under 500 million. In describing our business, we generally use the term middle market to refer to companies with EBITDA of between 3 million and 50 million annually; however, we intend to focus our investing in lower middle market companies, which we generally define as companies with EBITDA of less than 25 million. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser may determine whether companies qualify as middle market in its sole discretion, and we may from time to time invest in larger or smaller companies. 
 
 By investing predominantly in senior secured debt, we expect to reduce our risk of principal loss and deliver more stable returns over time as compared with investments in bonds, unsecured loans, mezzanine investments and public, private and project equity. Senior secured debt includes loans with strong lender protections including first lien/claim to any underlying collateral, and selected second lien loans. However, the Fund may also invest opportunistically in other parts of the capital structure, including senior secured stretch and unitranche facilities, second lien loans, mezzanine and mezzanine-related loans, and equity investments, as well as select other subordinated instruments either directly or through acquisitions in the secondary market. Unitranche and senior secured stretch loans are loans that combine both senior and mezzanine debt, generally in the first lien position, and second lien or subordinated loans into a single loan at a lower cost than the borrower would pay if it had a standalone senior loan, plus a junior loan. Mezzanine loans are generally unsecured and/or subordinated to other obligations of borrower. 
 
 The Fund intends to invest primarily in floating rate senior secured debt, but may invest in fixed rate loans from time to time. The Fund expects that a vast majority of its loans will use SOFR as a reference rate or an alternative reference rate. However, we may determine to purchase certain loans in the secondary market which may continue to use LIBOR. 
 
 The level of our investment activity depends on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to prospective portfolio companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity for such companies, the availability of credit to finance transactions, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 
 Angelo Gordon believes the Fund s investment strategy represents a differentiated approach to middle market direct lending and seeks to provide investors with consistent, downside-protected returns. More specifically, Angelo Gordon believes that the following characteristics distinguish the Fund as a compelling investment opportunity, as the Adviser and the Fund are uniquely situated to benefit from the below noted strategies and wide array of experience of Angelo Gordon 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 and Twin Brook Capital Partners, LLC Twin Brook ), Angelo Gordon s middle market direct lending platform. Twin Brook is a wholly owned subsidiary of Angelo Gordon and maintains dedicated investment, operations, accounting, and treasury capabilities as well as access to Angelo Gordon s vast resources in legal, tax, treasury, compliance, accounting, reporting, investor relations, human resources, and operations. 
 
 Differentiated Business Selection. Twin Brook, including the Fund, seeks to invest primarily in U.S. middle market companies with between 3 million and 50 million in annual EBITDA, with a focus on companies with EBITDA of 25 million or less. By focusing on the lower end of the middle market spectrum, Twin Brook is able to maintain a consistent flow of investment opportunities without changing either underwriting standards or return targets. In addition, due to Twin Brook s expertise in complex structuring across capital structures as well as its in-depth due diligence and underwriting, Twin Brook is able to provide creative and tailored financial solutions to companies where traditional lenders may not be able to do so. 
 Proprietary Private Equity Sourcing Network. We primarily lend to middle market companies that are owned by private equity firms. Twin Brook has developed deep and long-standing relationships with many private equity firms operating in the middle market space, and in the lower middle market in particular. Twin Brook has reviewed transactions for over 850 sponsors and closed transactions with over 125 unique sponsors since its inception. 
 Selectivity. Twin Brook has screened over 10,300 transactions since the 2015 closing of its first commingled direct lending fund. Twin Brook reviews 1,000 to 1,500 middle market lending opportunities per year and has closed on less than 4 of the transactions screened. This deal flow allows Twin Brook to target only those transactions that meet the rigorous structure, price, industry, scale, geographic, environmental, social and governance ESG ), and diversifications standards. 
 Transaction Leadership. Twin Brook targets transactions where it is the Sole Lead, or Co-Lead Arranger. Twin Brook has served as the Sole Lead, or Co-Lead Arranger in 96 of closed transactions as of the date of this prospectus. Additionally, Twin Brook is differentiated by providing revolving credit facilities to nearly all of our borrowers. These leadership roles result in better information during the diligence process and documents that protect creditors interests. 
 Rigorous Investment Underwriting Process. The Adviser follows a rigorous underwriting process conducted over a 60- to 90-day period during which the Adviser has access to the same level of information private equity firms had when determining to purchase the target company, including financial data, quality of earnings reports, environmental reports, and other third party materials. Additionally, Twin Brook s underwriting team conducts insurance and environmental reviews, background checks, and on-site visits. This disciplined process and independent research differentiates Twin Brook in a market where the diligence process is truncated and access to borrowers and sponsors is limited. 
 Prudent Structuring to Preserve Capital. Consistent with our risk-averse underwriting approach, we structure our investments to ensure that we are situated to closely monitor the investment performance and have the appropriate lender protections in place to mitigate risk. We primarily focus on senior secured loans, which are loans at the top of the capital structure, where we have the first lien perfected security interests on all available tangible and intangible assets. We also obtain robust covenant packages with both financial and negative covenants. These structural features differentiate Twin Brook in a market where strong creditor protections like providing revolvers, liens, and covenants, are often sacrificed in order to deploy capital. In addition, Twin Brook s structuring discipline is reflected in its inception to date weighted average loan-to-value ratio for its clients, which averages 43 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cash Flow Lending. Twin Brook primarily targets transactions that have a demonstrated track record of cash flow generation rather than annualized recurring revenues transactions or asset-based loans. 
 Portfolio Variety. Historically, Twin Brook has targeted 125-175 discreet borrowers in its portfolios, with position sizes of 1 or less. The Adviser will seek to utilize the same disciplined approach to investing because it believes that a wide variety of borrowers across a broad range of geographies and industries can limit material adverse events to the Fund s portfolio and single borrower risk. 
 Strong Alignment with Angelo Gordon-affiliated Capital. Angelo Gordon has structured the Fund such that the Fund and Angelo Gordon-affiliated capital will generally be aligned, leveraging the same monitoring and risk management capabilities within Angelo Gordon s credit business, and owning the same loans at the same price. 
 
 BDCs are subject to certain restrictions applicable to investment companies under the 1940 Act. As a BDC, at least 70 of our assets must be the type of qualifying assets listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, as described herein, which are generally privately-offered securities issued by U.S. private or thinly-traded companies (small U.S. public operating companies with a market capitalization of less than 250 million). We may also invest up to 30 of our portfolio in non-qualifying portfolio investments. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to employ leverage within the limitations of the applicable laws and regulations for BDCs (which generally allows us to incur leverage for up to a 150 asset coverage). In connection with the Merger, the two existing credit facilities of the Private BDC were indirectly assumed by us, as each of the Private BDC s subsidiaries became our subsidiaries in the Merger. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources . Any decision on our part to use leverage will depend upon our assessment of the attractiveness of available investment opportunities in relation to the costs and perceived risks of such leverage. The amount of borrowings and leverage will depend on market conditions and investment opportunities, as well as the types of investments held by us and the liquidity and value of the investments. 
 
 In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. The use of borrowed funds to make investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds would be borne by holders of our Common Shares. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Debt Financing. 
 
 We are offering on a continuous basis up to 5,000,000,000 of our Common Shares pursuant to an offering registered with the SEC. We are offering to sell a combination of three separate classes of Common Shares: Class S shares, Class D shares and Class I shares, with a dollar value up to the maximum offering amount. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees. The underwriters in the offering are not required to sell a minimum number of shares. The purchase price per share for each class of Common Shares will equal our net asset value NAV per share, as of the effective date of the monthly share purchase date. Foreside Financial Services, LLC, the intermediary manager for this offering (the Intermediary Manager ), will use its best efforts to sell shares through selling agents, but is not obligated to purchase or sell any specific amount of shares in the offering. 
 
 About Angelo Gordon 
 
 Angelo Gordon is a privately held firm specializing in global alternative (non-traditional) investments with an absolute return orientation. The firm was founded in 1988 by John M. Angelo and Michael L. Gordon and as of June 30, 2022 manages approximately 52 billion. Angelo Gordon has more than 600 employees, including over 200 investment professionals, and is headquartered in New York with associated offices across the U.S., Europe and Asia. 
 
 Angelo Gordon manages capital across four investment categories: (i) corporate credit; (ii) direct lending; (iii) securitized products and (iv) real estate. Funds are managed in single-strategy vehicles or multi-strategy vehicles. The firm believes that a great deal of synergy exists among the investment teams, and their ability to work together has proven to be a key element in the firm s success. In each discipline, the firm seeks to generate absolute returns, in all market environments and with less volatility than the overall markets, by exploiting market inefficiencies and capitalizing on situations that are not in the mainstream of investment opportunities. The firm is an SEC registered investment adviser. 
 
 Angelo Gordon has more than 30 years of experience investing across strategies for its clients. Angelo Gordon s lending strategies focus on achieving consistency across economic cycles and are supported by highly experienced teams with broad sourcing networks. Angelo Gordon s middle market direct lending team builds on this long-term history in deep credit underwriting. Our objective is to bring Angelo Gordon s middle market lending platform to the non-exchange traded BDC industry. 
 Angelo Gordon and its affiliates manage a number of pooled investment vehicles that may compete with the Company for investment opportunities. We may invest alongside investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Angelo Gordon in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy, as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. We, our Advisor and Angelo Gordon have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us and certain of our controlled affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions, to co-invest with other funds managed by the Advisor and Angelo Gordon in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. 
 The Investment Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by the Advisor, an investment adviser that is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to an investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement with the Advisor. The Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. More information regarding the 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Advisor and its business activities can be found on its registration under Form ADV located on the Investment Adviser Registration Depository website of the SEC. 
 The Advisor has entered into a Resource Sharing Agreement (the Resource Sharing Agreement with Angelo Gordon, pursuant to which Angelo Gordon provides the Advisor with experienced investment professionals and access to the resources of Angelo Gordon so as to enable the Advisor to fulfill its obligations under the Advisory Agreement (as described in further detail below). Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, the Advisor intends to capitalize on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of Angelo Gordon s investment professionals, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Twin Brook. There can be no assurance that Angelo Gordon will perform its obligations under the Resource Sharing Agreement. The Resource Sharing Agreement may be terminated by either party on 60 days notice, which if terminated may have a material adverse consequence on our operations. 
 The Administrator 
 
 Our Adviser also serves as our administrator and will provide, or oversee the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of our other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of our Board of Trustees, managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. We will reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and the Fund s allocable portion of compensation of the Administrator s personnel and the Administrator s overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). 
 The Investment Team 
 Twin Brook s Chicago-based direct lending investment team (the Investment Team provided to our Advisor pursuant to the Resource Sharing Agreement is responsible for identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, structuring our investments and monitoring and servicing our investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Investment Team was comprised of over sixty-five investment professionals, all of whom dedicate a substantial portion of their time to supporting lending to U.S. middle market companies. In addition, the team has over ten dedicated operations professionals, two of whom have over a decade of experience. The team also has a dedicated Chief Financial Officer, who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, and dedicated accounting, finance and treasury professionals (in both Chicago and New York). These individuals may have additional responsibilities other than those relating to us, but generally allocate the vast majority of their time in support of our business and our investment objective as a whole. In addition, the Advisor believes that it has best-in-class support personnel, including expertise in risk management, legal, accounting, tax, information technology and compliance, among others. We expect to benefit from the support provided by these personnel in our operations. 
 The Investment Team takes a bottom-up, cash-flow based fundamental research approach to investing and focuses primarily on corporate credit investment opportunities in the United States. The senior team members have been actively involved in the lower middle market for over 20 years and have built strong relationships with the middle market private equity sponsor community, along with most of the capital markets and senior management teams at many of the leading middle market finance companies. 
 The Advisor has an investment committee comprised of six members that is responsible for approving all of our investments. The extensive experience of the investment professionals serving on our investment committee includes expertise in privately originated and publicly traded leveraged credit, stressed and distressed debt, bankruptcy, mergers and acquisitions and private equity. This diverse skill set provides a range of perspectives in the evaluation of each investment opportunity. 
 
 The Board of Trustees 
 
 Overall responsibility for oversight of the Fund s activities rests with the Board of Trustees. We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser will manage the Fund on a day-to-day basis. The Board of Trustees is responsible for overseeing the Adviser and other service providers in our operations in accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Fund s bylaws and applicable provisions of state and other laws. The Adviser will keep the Board of Trustees well informed as to the Adviser s activities on our behalf and our investment operations and 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 provide the Board of Trustees information with additional information as the Board of Trustees may, from time to time, request. The Board of Trustees is currently composed of five members, three of whom are Independent Trustees who are not interested persons of the Fund or the Adviser as defined in the 1940 Act. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 Angelo Gordon believes there are many market characteristics that make lending to private equity-backed middle market companies an attractive business for the Fund. On a broad level, Angelo Gordon believes that the opportunity set for investing in middle market companies is appealing; the market segment that we intend to focus on sourcing investment opportunities from is transaction and target rich, with approximately 200,000 U.S. companies with revenue between 25 and 500 million. We believe this strategy is less correlated with the broader macro-economic environment and therefore regardless of current economic conditions Angelo Gordon expects there will be a need for the Fund s capital for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, in Angelo Gordon s view, the competitive landscape is favorable many of the historical providers of financing, including many banking institutions, have either been acquired by other institutions, exited this market segment or are facing ongoing structural and regulatory challenges as a result of the global financial crisis. In addition, the Fund will benefit from the investment team s extensive historical relationships with the private equity sponsor community. Many of the new lenders in the market do not share this historical experience and are unable to directly source transactions. The market segment the Fund intends to focus on is less able to access capital via the traditional public debt and equity markets because of the smaller size of their loan demands. Although smaller companies have had access to debt capital from regional and local banks, these banks may have limited lending capacity, fairly conservative underwriting guidelines and very limited loan syndication capabilities. As a direct lender to private equity sponsored middle market companies, the Fund expects to receive a pricing premium versus broadly syndicated loans, as well as more lender friendly legal documentation and ongoing borrower support from sponsors. In many instances, Angelo Gordon is expected to drive deal documentation and structure, thereby ensuring the presence of covenants and a lender-friendly structure. Finally, Angelo Gordon believes that expected recovery rates in this market segment are generally higher than those in the broadly syndicated loan market due to more conservative capital structures, more manageable lender groups and more stringent legal documentation. 
 
 Over the last several years private equity firms have raised a significant amount of capital. Angelo Gordon believes private equity firms are poised to deploy meaningful amounts of capital, thus creating ongoing investment opportunities for private lenders. Since the founding of Angelo Gordon s non-investment grade corporate credit strategy in 1998, Angelo Gordon has frequently analyzed the middle market direct lending space. In the fourth quarter of 2014 Angelo Gordon hired a seasoned Investment Team to establish its middle market direct lending strategy. Since its inception at Angelo Gordon, the team has grown and now comprises more than 95 professionals in its Chicago office. Many of the senior team members previously worked together and have successfully navigated the direct lending markets through multiple credit, economic and interest rate cycles. The Fund s investment offering brings together an experienced and seasoned direct lending investment team and the strength and breadth of the Angelo Gordon platform. Angelo Gordon believes that the hiring of this exceptionally qualified and experienced team has enabled Angelo Gordon to successfully enter the middle market direct lending space and that the Fund will be well positioned to capitalize on the target segment s middle market lending opportunities. Importantly, Angelo Gordon intends to continue to grow its Chicago-based team as our middle market direct lending platform grows. 
 Investment Selection and Structuring 
 
 Our Adviser anticipates that the majority of our investments will be sourced via Angelo Gordon s direct origination strategy of sourcing through private equity sponsors as this is expected to result in investments with more attractive economics and lower credit risk. For example, the Adviser believes the key benefits to a direct origination platform include superior due diligence given greater access to the borrower, preferred allocations, equity investment opportunities, the ability to negotiate stronger credit terms (and therefore more meaningful lender protection and rights) and the opportunity to generate higher fees. 
 
 In addition, our Adviser adheres to a detailed underwriting process, screening, evaluating and executing prospective investments in a rigorous manner, beginning with an initial screen of a new investment opportunity to ensure that the investment is appropriate for the Fund. Should a potential investment pass the initial screen the next step includes engaging underwriting resources for a due diligence review this review will typically include an on-site meeting with executive management and a thorough review of all diligence material. If the information attained during the review provides support for the transaction, then a transaction summary of the opportunity is presented to the investment committee. Initial screening may be conducted by a subset of the investment committee. Upon approval of an opportunity through the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 transaction summary review process, a term sheet is issued to the private equity group(s) involved in the auction process. Once the private equity group(s) sign off on the term sheet terms, then the due diligence team proceeds to a full underwriting review this review will include third-party accounting and insurance reviews, as well as environmental reviews, including but not limited to disposal of waste, land usage and clean water, where relevant and executive background checks (other documentation such as third-party market studies might also be requested). This third-party information will be reviewed, and follow up meetings with management will take place to answer any additional diligence questions raised by review of the third-party sources. We recognize that a range of Environmental, Social and Governance ESG issues can impact risk-adjusted returns that we seek and, as such, we consider ESG factors in our investment process alongside other non-ESG factors. Our approach to responsible investing is tailored to reflect the nature of our investment strategy and is integrated into our investment process. The factors we consider and analyze in assessing ESG risk as part of our underwriting process are derived from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) materiality matrix. Once the diligence process is complete, an underwriting approval document is created to highlight what was learned during diligence and to request approval or request changes to the transaction from what was originally approved in the transaction summary. After the underwriting document has received majority approval from the investment committee, a commitment letter will typically be issued to the private equity group(s) that have the target company under letter of intent to purchase. At this stage, if both the Investment Team and the prospective client agree upon the specifics in the commitment letter, the deal team will commence the legal documentation and transaction closing process. 
 
 Given this very rigorous underwriting process, only a small percentage of the transactions that are screened are expected to be approved and closed. From the build out of the initial Investment Team from October 2014 through December 31, 2022, the team had screened over 10,300 deals from over 850 private equity sponsors and closed on more than 360 transactions. This represents less than 4 of total deals screened; the Investment Team anticipates remaining highly selective in terms of transactions going forward. In this process, the Fund and the Adviser will leverage the collective knowledge and resources of the Investment Team, Twin Brook and Angelo Gordon. 
 
 Our Adviser believes that the Investment Team s involvement in a long list of successfully completed transactions positions us well to benefit from deal dialogue with sponsors with whom they have previously worked. We believe the Investment Team s longstanding relationships and reputation with private equity sponsors, companies and intermediaries will allow us to establish a multi-channel origination strategy designed to uncover a broad and diversified set of attractive investment opportunities. Additionally, Angelo Gordon and its affiliates, including the Fund and the Adviser, are subject to the same sets of compliance policies and procedures, including policies and procedures governing the allocation of investment opportunities, and, accordingly, the Fund believes it will benefit from its connections with, and position within, the overall Angelo Gordon organization. 
 
 Over time our Adviser has developed both a generalist as well as a targeted industry marketing program. All originators are expected to cover a core group of generalist private equity firms that focus on a broad base of industry sectors within the middle market lending arena, including, but not limited to, healthcare, manufacturing, distribution, services, consumer products, aerospace and defense, business services and insurance, and technology services. Specific to healthcare, which has historically represented Angelo Gordon s largest allocation and largest industry for investment, the Investment Team has dedicated origination and underwriting personnel and experience. 
 
 Once we determine that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management of that company and its other capital providers, most notable the equity capital provider, to structure an investment. We negotiate among these parties to create a capital structure that we believe aligns with our investment objectives, as well as that of the private equity sponsor. In general, our allocations will consist of both funded and unfunded commitments. 
 
 We generally obtain security interests in the assets of our portfolio companies that will serve as collateral in support of the repayment of this debt. This collateral may take the form of first or second priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. 
 
 We may selectively originate or invest in unitranche loans, which are loans that combine features of first-lien, second-lien and mezzanine debt, generally in a first-lien position. There may be limited circumstances in which a lender other than the Company is in a first-lien position. 
 
 In the case of our secured debt and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt investments, we seek to tailor the terms of the investments to the facts and circumstances of the transactions and the prospective portfolio companies, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio companies to achieve their 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 business plan and improve their profitability. For example, in addition to seeking a senior position in the capital structure of our portfolio companies, we seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 requiring a total return on our investments (including both interest and fees) that compensates us for credit risk; and 
 negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or participation rights. 
 
 Our investments may include equity features, such as direct investments in the equity in a portfolio company. 
 
 We intend to use a buy-and-hold strategy and expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment. 
 The Merger 
 
 On January 1, 2023, we completed the Merger with the Private BDC and commenced operations as the surviving company. The Merger was structured as a share-for-share merger in which each outstanding Private BDC common share was exchanged for one Class I share. As a result of the Merger, the Fund issued an aggregate of approximately 20,943,030 Class I shares to former Private BDC shareholders. Further, no shareholder vote was required by Rule 17a-8 under the 1940 Act because at the time of the Merger (1) there were no material differences between the investment advisory agreement for the Private BDC and our investment advisory agreement; (2) the majority of our Independent Trustees consisted of the Independent Trustees of the Private BDC; (3) no policy of the Private BDC that could not be changed without a shareholder vote was materially different from a policy that we have; and (4) neither the Private BDC nor us paid any distribution fees pursuant to a plan adopted in accordance with Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act. Prior to the Merger closing, the Private BDC had the same investment adviser, substantially the same investment objectives and policies, and the same management and advisory fees as us. 
 
 The financial statements of the Private BDC, disclosed within Exhibit 99.1 of this 10-K, should be considered when reading the financial statements of TCAP. 
 Allocation of Investments 
 
 We may invest alongside investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Angelo Gordon in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy, as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. Angelo Gordon and its affiliates, including the Fund and the Adviser, are subject to the same sets of compliance policies and procedures, including policies and procedures governing the allocation of investment opportunities, and, accordingly, the Fund believes it will benefit from its connections with, and position within, the overall Angelo Gordon organization. We, our Adviser and Angelo Gordon have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us and certain of our controlled affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions, to co-invest with other funds managed by the Adviser and Angelo Gordon in a manner consistent with our investment objectives, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. 
 
 In addition, in the absence of exemptive relief granted for each investment by the SEC, we will not be permitted to invest in securities of an issuer where entities advised by Angelo Gordon have invested in different securities of that issuer. 
 
 Angelo Gordon currently manages a BDC, a number of private investment funds and managed accounts with investment strategies similar to that of the Fund. In addition, Angelo Gordon or an affiliate serves (and may in the future serve) as general partner or investment adviser for a number of collective investment vehicles and separate accounts, offering investment management services in a diverse range of investment strategies, including some funds and accounts that include investments of the type contemplated herein as part of their investment programs. 
 
 To the extent that a particular investment opportunity is suitable for both the Fund and other investment accounts of Angelo Gordon, such investment opportunity will typically be allocated among the Fund and the other accounts pursuant to the overarching Angelo Gordon allocation policies in a manner deemed to be fair and equitable over time which does not favor one client or group of clients taking into consideration such factors as legal, regulatory and tax considerations, availability of capital for investment by the account, liquidity concerns and such other factors as Angelo Gordon deems under the particular circumstances to be relevant in making its investment allocation determination. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 When the Adviser and Angelo Gordon determine that it would be appropriate for the Fund and one or more other investment accounts, respectively, to participate in an investment opportunity, they will generally seek to have all accounts participate on an equitable basis. Situations may occur where we could be disadvantaged because of the investment activities conducted by Angelo Gordon, the Adviser and their affiliates for other investment accounts. 
 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 
 An affiliate of the Adviser has received an exemptive order from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Fund s board of trustees (the Board of Trustees and each member of the Board of Trustees, a Trustee may establish objective criteria Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Fund will have the opportunity to participate with one or more listed or private Angelo Gordon-managed BDCs, including us (the Angelo Gordon BDCs ), and other public or private Angelo Gordon funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board Criteria, Angelo Gordon must offer an opportunity for the Angelo Gordon BDCs to participate. The Angelo Gordon BDCs may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether the Adviser determines that the investment is appropriate for the Angelo Gordon BDCs (e.g., based on investment strategy). The co-investment would generally be allocated to us, any other Angelo Gordon BDCs (including AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc.) and the other Angelo Gordon funds that target similar assets pro rata based on available capital in the applicable asset class. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board of Trustees at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We will compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity funds, mezzanine funds, performing and other credit funds, and funds that invest in CLOs, structured notes, derivatives and other types of collateralized securities and structured products), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. These other BDCs and investment funds might be reasonable investment alternatives to us and may be less costly or complex with fewer and/or different risks than we have. Moreover, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, have begun to invest in areas in which they have not traditionally invested, including making investments in private U.S. companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities in middle market companies may intensify. Many of our competitors are more experienced, substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. Furthermore, certain of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC and that the Code imposes on us as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms or structure. If we are forced to match our competitors pricing, terms or structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. As a result of operating in such a competitive environment, we may make investments that are on less favorable terms than what we may have originally anticipated, which may impact our return on these investments. 
 
 Non-Exchange Traded, Perpetual-Life BDC 
 
 The Fund is non-exchange traded BDC, meaning its shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and a perpetual-life BDC, meaning it is an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose common shares are intended to be sold by the BDC monthly on a continuous basis at a price generally equal to the BDC s monthly NAV per share. In our perpetual-life structure, we may offer investors an opportunity to repurchase their shares on a quarterly basis, but we are not obligated to offer to repurchase any in any particular quarter in our discretion. With a perpetual-life BDC, we believe we can provide a tax-efficient structure that is continuously invested in a full yielding portfolio of investments in the lower middle market asset class, representing a wide range of geographies and industries. While we may consider a liquidity event at any time in the future, we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our charter or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We are an emerging growth company, as defined by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting and disclosure requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 
 have an auditor attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 
 submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; or 
 disclose certain executive compensation related items, such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 
 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies. This means that an emerging growth company can delay adopting certain accounting standards until such standards are otherwise applicable to private companies. 
 
 We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of: (1) the last date of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (2) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or (3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined under Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 We do not believe that being an emerging growth company will have a significant impact on our business or this offering. As stated above, we have elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards available to emerging growth companies. Also, because we are not a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer under Section 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and will not be for so long as our Common Shares are not traded on a securities exchange, we will not be subject to auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act even once we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, so long as we are externally managed by the Adviser and we do not directly compensate our executive officers, or reimburse the Adviser or its affiliates for the salaries, bonuses, benefits and severance payments for persons who also serve as one of our executive officers or as an executive officer of the Adviser, we do not expect to include disclosures relating to executive compensation in our periodic reports or proxy statements and, as a result, do not expect to be required to seek shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachute compensation arrangements pursuant to Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Adviser or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administrator or its affiliates pursuant to the Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers is employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. Our day-to-day investment operations will be managed by the Adviser. The services necessary for the sourcing and administration of our investment portfolio will be provided by investment professionals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates. The Investment Team will focus on origination, non-originated investments and transaction development and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. In addition, we will reimburse the Administrator for its costs, expenses and allocable portion of overhead, including compensation paid by the Administrator (or its affiliates) to the Fund s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and general counsel and their respective staffs as well as other administrative personnel (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs of the Fund). 
 
 Regulation as a BDC 
 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material prohibitions and descriptions governing BDCs generally. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Qualifying Assets . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than Qualifying Assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, Qualifying Assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of Qualifying Assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an Eligible Portfolio Company (as defined below), or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an Eligible Portfolio Company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An Eligible Portfolio Company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 (i) does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 
 (ii) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million; 
 (iii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies, including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the Eligible Portfolio Company; or 
 (iv) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 
 (2) Securities of any Eligible Portfolio Company controlled by the Fund. 
 (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 
 (4) Securities of an Eligible Portfolio Company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and the Fund already owns 60 of the outstanding equity of the Eligible Portfolio Company. 
 
 (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 
 In addition, a BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 Significant Managerial Assistance . A BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as Qualifying Assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its trustees, officers or employees, offers to provide and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company through monitoring of portfolio company operations, selective participation in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising a portfolio company s officers or other organizational or financial guidance. 
 Temporary Investments . Pending investment in other types of Qualifying Assets, as described above, our investments can consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets would be Qualifying Assets. 
 Warrants . Under the 1940 Act, a BDC is subject to restrictions on the issuance, terms and amount of warrants, options or rights to purchase shares that it may have outstanding at any time. In particular, the amount of shares that would result from the conversion or exercise of all outstanding warrants, options or rights to purchase shares cannot exceed 25 of the BDC s total outstanding shares. 
 Leverage and Senior Securities; Coverage Ratio . We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of shares senior to our Common Shares if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, would at least equal 150 immediately after each such issuance. On October 25, 2022, our sole shareholder approved the adoption of this 150 threshold pursuant to Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act and such election became effective the following day. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we will be required to make provisions to prohibit any dividend distribution to our shareholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the dividend distribution or repurchase. We will also be permitted to borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes, which borrowings would not be considered senior securities. 
 
 We have established and expect to continue to establish credit facilities or enter into other financing arrangements to facilitate investments and the timely payment of our expenses. It is anticipated that any such credit facilities will bear interest at floating rates at to be determined spreads over SOFR or an alternative reference rate. We cannot assure shareholders that we will be able to enter into any additional credit facilities. Shareholders will indirectly bear the costs associated with any borrowings under a credit facility or otherwise. In connection with credit facilities or other borrowings, lenders may require us to pledge assets, commitments and/or drawdowns (and the ability to enforce the payment thereof) and may ask to comply with positive or negative covenants that could have an effect on our operations. In addition, from time to time, our losses on leveraged investments may result in the liquidation of other investments held by us and may result in additional drawdowns to repay such amounts. 
 
 We may also create leverage by securitizing our assets and retaining the equity portion of the securitized vehicle. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Debt Financing. We may also from time to time make secured loans of our marginable securities to brokers, dealers and other financial institutions. 
 Code of Ethics . We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the code are permitted to invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. You may read and copy this code of ethics at the SEC s Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090. You may also obtain copies of the codes of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following email address: publicinfo@sec.gov, or by writing the SEC s Public Reference Section, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. 
 Affiliated Transactions . We may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from conducting certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Trustees who are not interested persons and, in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. We have received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. 
 Other . We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act, and be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act. 
 
 We are also required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any Trustee or officer against any liability to our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 
 We are also required to designate a chief compliance officer and to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws and to review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

We are not permitted to change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67 or more of such company s shares present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of such company. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from (i) the net proceeds of our public and private offerings of our shares, (ii) cash flows from our operations, (iii) any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and (iv) any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. 
 
 Our primary uses of cash will be for (i) investments in portfolio companies and other investments, (ii) the cost of operations (including paying the Adviser and the Administrator), (iii) cost of any borrowings or other financing arrangements and (iv) cash distributions to the holders of our shares. 
 Investment Management Agreement; Administration Agreement 
 
 The Adviser will provide management services to us pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for the following: 
 determining the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with our investment objective, policies and restrictions; 
 identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for us, including negotiating the terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other instruments on our behalf; 
 monitoring our investments; 
 performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 
 exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for us; 
 serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of our portfolio companies; 
 negotiating, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage; and 
 providing us with such other investment advisory and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital. 
 
 The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities, and it intends to do so, so long as its services to us are not impaired. 
 Compensation of Adviser 
 
 Our investment activities will be managed by our Adviser, which will be responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring our investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which we have agreed to pay the Adviser a base management fee and an incentive fee for its services. The cost of both the base management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by our shareholders. 
 Base Management Fee 
 
 The base management fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first business day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, net assets means our total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the first calendar month in which the Fund has operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets. Substantial additional fees and expenses may also be charged by the Administrator to the Fund. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Incentive Fee 
 
 The Incentive Fee will consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on a percentage of our income and a portion is based on a percentage of our capital gains, each as described below. 
 
 Incentive Fee Based on Income 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between us and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees). 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as OID, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 We will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized) (the hurdle rate or Hurdle 
 100 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). We refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 12.5 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 
 12.5 of the dollar amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the Hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Adviser. 
 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets per quarter) 
 0 
 1.25 1.43 0 
 100 
 12.5 

Percentage of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 Allocated to Quarterly Incentive Fee 
 
 These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. You should be aware that a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur an 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 overall loss taking into account capital account losses. For example, if we receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in excess of the quarterly hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. 
 
 Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains 
 
 The second component of the Incentive Fee, the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals: 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to the Advisory Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof. 
 
 The fees that are payable under the Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 Administration Agreement 
 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will provide, or oversee the performance of, administrative and compliance services, including, but not limited to, maintaining financial records, overseeing the calculation of NAV, compliance monitoring (including diligence and oversight of our other service providers), preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC and other regulators, preparing materials and coordinating meetings of our Board of Trustees, managing the payment of expenses, the payment and receipt of funds for investments and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others and providing office space, equipment and office services. We will reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Such reimbursement will include the Fund s allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) the Fund s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, general counsel and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Fund; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of Angelo Gordon or any of its affiliates, subject to the limitations described in Advisory and Administration Agreements. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and we will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for us by such affiliate or third party. The Administrator may hire a sub-administrator to assist in the provision of administrative services. The sub-administrator will receive compensation for its sub-administrative services under a sub-administration agreement. 
 
 The amount of the reimbursement payable to the Administrator will be the lesser of (1) the Administrator s and/or sub-administrator s, if applicable, actual costs incurred in providing such services and (2) the amount that we estimate we would be required to pay alternative service providers for comparable services in the same geographic location. The Administrator will be required to allocate the cost of such services to us based on factors such as assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. We will not reimburse the Administrator for any services for which it receives a separate fee, or for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of the Administrator. 
 Certain Terms of the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement 
 
 Each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board of Trustees. Unless earlier terminated as described below, each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first becomes effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board of Trustees or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities (as defined by the 1940 Act) and, in each case, a majority of the Independent Trustees. We may terminate the Advisory Agreement or the Administration Agreement, without payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The decision to terminate the Advisory Agreement may be made by a majority of the Board of Trustees or the shareholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting securities, which means the lesser of (1) 67 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (2) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities. In addition, without payment of any penalty, the Adviser may terminate the Advisory Agreement upon 120 days written notice and the Administrator may terminate the Administration Agreement upon 60 days written notice. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate within the meaning of the 1940 Act and related SEC guidance and interpretations in the event of its assignment. 
 
 The Adviser and the Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which the Advisory Agreement and Administration Agreement, respectively, relate, provided that the Adviser and the Administrator shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Adviser or Administrator would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations disabling conduct ). Each of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement provide that, absent disabling conduct, each of our Adviser and our Administrator, as applicable, and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it (collectively, the Indemnified Parties will be entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement and our Administrator s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as adviser or administrator for us. The Adviser and the Administrator shall not be liable under their respective agreements with us or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent; provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained by the Adviser or the Administrator in good faith, unless such action or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Adviser or Administrator had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. In addition, we will not provide for indemnification of an Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnified Party, nor will we provide that an Indemnified Party be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by us, unless: 
 (1) we have determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in our best interest; 
 (2) the Indemnified Party was acting on our behalf or performing services for us; 
 (3) such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is the Adviser or Administrator, as applicable, an affiliate of the Adviser or Administrator or one of our officers; and 
 
 (4) the indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of our net assets and not from our shareholders. 
 Payment of Our Expenses Under the Investment Advisory and Administration Agreements 
 
 Except as specifically provided below, all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to us, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. We will bear all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to: 
 1. investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement; 
 2. the Fund s allocable portion of compensation, overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the Administration Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) the Fund s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, general counsel and their respective staffs; (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Fund; and (iii) any internal audit group personnel of Angelo Gordon or any of its affiliates, subject to the limitations described in Advisory and Administration Agreement Administration Agreement and 
 3. all other expenses of the Fund s operations and transactions, including those listed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Expenses. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders. 
 
 Costs and expenses of the Administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by the Fund will be reasonably allocated to the Fund on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 
 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 The Company approved an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser on October 25, 2022. The Adviser may elect to pay certain of the Fund s expenses on our behalf (each, an Expense Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distributions and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to the Company in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Company to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Company shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 
 No Reimbursement Payment for any month will be made if: (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share (as defined below) declared by the Company at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, or (2) the Operating Expense Ratio (as defined below) at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365 day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing operating expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to Adviser, and interest expense, by net assets. 
 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 
 Class S Shares 
 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class S shares, however, if you purchase Class S shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 3.5 cap on NAV for Class S shares. 
 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S shares, including any Class S shares issued pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan DRIP ). The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 services performed by such brokers, and, at the request of the Fund, will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 
 Class S shares are generally available for purchases through brokerage and transaction-based accounts. 
 
 Class D Shares 
 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class D shares, however, if you purchase Class D shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 1.5 cap on NAV for Class D shares. 
 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class D shares, including any Class D shares issued pursuant to our DRIP. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and, at the request of the Fund, will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D shares are generally available for purchase in this offering only: 
 (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, 
 
 (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, 
 (3) through transaction/ brokerage platforms at participating brokers, 
 (4) through certain registered investment advisers, 
 (5) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or 
 (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus. 
 
 Class I Shares 
 
 No upfront selling commissions or shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are paid for sales of any Class I shares and financial intermediaries will not charge you transaction or other such fees on Class I shares. 
 Class I shares are generally available for purchase in this offering only: 
 (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, 
 (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, 
 (3) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, 
 (4) through certain registered investment advisers, 
 (5) by our executive officers and trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of the Adviser, Angelo Gordon or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or 
 (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus. 
 In certain cases, where a holder of Class S or Class D shares exits a relationship with a participating broker for this offering and does not enter into a new relationship with a participating broker for this offering, such holder s shares may be exchanged into an equivalent NAV amount of Class I shares. 
 
 Purchase Price 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Shares will be sold at the then-current NAV per share. Each class of shares may have a different NAV per share because shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees differ with respect to each class. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our net investment income. See Item 1. Business Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company . 
 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares, and Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares) and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). In this way, shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are indirectly paid by holders of Class S and Class D shares, in that the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees charged to investors are used by the Fund to pay for the services provided by financial intermediaries. 
 
 There is no assurance we will pay distributions in any particular amount, if at all. We may fund any distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering proceeds, and although we generally expect to fund distributions from cash flow from operations, we have not established limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. The extent to which we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will depend on various factors, including the level of participation in our DRIP, how quickly we invest the proceeds from this and any future offering and the performance of our investments. Funding distributions from the sales of assets, borrowings or return of capital will result in us having less funds available to acquire investments. As a result, the return you realize on your investment may be reduced. Doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. Likewise, funding distributions from the sale of additional securities will dilute your interest in us on a percentage basis and may impact the value of your investment especially if we sell these securities at prices less than the price you paid for your shares. We believe the likelihood that we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will be higher in the early stages of the offering. 
 
 Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fees Class S and Class D 
 
 The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees we pay the Intermediary Manager with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I shares on an annualized basis as a percentage of our NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. 
 
 Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee as a of NAV 
 
 Class S shares 
 0.85 Class D shares 
 0.25 Class I shares 

Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation described in Limitations on Underwriting Compensation below, we will pay a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares and a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly. 
 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are similar to sales commissions. The distribution and servicing expenses borne by the participating 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 brokers may be different from and substantially less than the amount of shareholder servicing and/ or distribution fees charged. The Intermediary Manager will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and, at the request of the Fund, will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under our DRIP. The distribution and servicing plan adopted in compliance with Rule 12b-1 is a compensation plan, which means that the Intermediary Manager is compensated regardless of its expenses, as opposed to a reimbursement plan which reimburses only for expenses incurred. The Intermediary Manager does not retain any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees for profit. All shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are held in a retention account by the Intermediary Manager to pay for and/or reimburse the Adviser for distribution-related expenditures. 
 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Intermediary Manager, at the request of the Fund, will waive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 We have adopted a DRIP, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board of Trustees on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board of Trustees authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our DRIP will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 At the discretion of our Board of Trustees, we have implemented a share repurchase program in which we intend to offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. Our Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. Should the Board of Trustees suspend the share repurchase program, the Board of Trustees will consider whether the continued suspension of the program is in the best interests of the Fund and shareholders on a quarterly basis. We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 
 Under our share repurchase plan, to the extent we offer to repurchase shares, we expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers on or around the last business day of a month using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the prior month, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be subject to an Early Repurchase Deduction and repurchased at 98 of such NAV. The holding period ends on the one-year anniversary of the subscription closing date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability (as disabled is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code) of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Fund for the benefit of remaining shareholders. We may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below): 
 repurchases resulting from death, qualifying disability or divorce; or 
 in the event that a shareholder s shares are repurchased because the shareholder has failed to maintain the 500 minimum account balance. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation Procedures 
 
 In calculating the value of our total assets, we value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations if they are deemed to represent fair value. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market price is not readily available or whose market quotations are not deemed to represent fair value are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the our investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board of Trustees. Even though the Board of Trustees designated the Adviser as valuation designee, the Board of Trustees is ultimately responsible for fair value determinations under the 1940 Act. Market quotations may be deemed not to represent fair value in certain circumstances where the Adviser reasonably believes that facts and circumstances applicable to an issuer, a seller or purchaser or the market for a particular security causes current market quotes not to reflect the fair value of the security. Examples of these events could include cases in which material events are announced after the close of the market on which a security is primarily traded, when a security trades infrequently causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become stale or in the event of a fire sale by a distressed seller. 
 
 If and when market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, we typically utilize independent third party valuation firms to assist us in determining fair value. Accordingly, such investments go through our multi- step valuation process as described below. The Adviser intends to engage multiple independent valuation firms based on a review of each firm s expertise and relevant experience in valuing certain securities. In each case, our independent valuation firms consider observable market inputs together with significant unobservable inputs in arriving at their valuation recommendations for such Level 3 categorized assets. 
 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, the Adviser undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 (1) our valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of our Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; 
 (2) preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of our Adviser; 
 (3) independent valuation firms may be engaged by our Adviser as needed to conduct independent appraisals by reviewing our Adviser s preliminary valuations and then making their own independent assessment; 
 (4) the Adviser discusses valuations and determines in good faith the fair value of each investment in our portfolio based on, among other things, the input of the applicable independent valuation firm, and such determinations are presented to the Board of Trustees; and 
 (5) for Level 3 investments entered into within the current quarter, the cost (purchase price adjusted for accreted original issue discount/amortized premium) or any recent comparable trade activity on the security investment shall be considered to reasonably approximate the fair value of the investment, provided that no material change has since occurred in the issuer s business, significant inputs or the relevant environment. 
 
 Investments are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). 
 
 The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in fair value pricing our investments include, as relevant: 
 available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, 
 applicable market yields and multiples, 
 security covenants, 
 seniority of investments in the investee company s capital structure, 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 call protection provisions, 
 information rights, 
 the nature and realizable value of any collateral, 
 the portfolio company s ability to make payments, 
 its earnings and discounted cash flows, 
 the markets in which the portfolio company does business, 
 comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, 
 M A comparables, 
 our principal market (as the reporting entity) and 
 enterprise values, among other factors. 
 
 Investments determined by these valuation procedures to have a fair value of less than 1 million during the prior fiscal quarter may be valued based on inputs identified by the Adviser without the necessity of obtaining valuation from an independent valuation firm, if once annually an independent valuation firm using the procedures described herein provides valuation analysis. 
 
 Determination of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates not susceptible to substantiation by auditing procedures. Accordingly, under current auditing standards, the notes to our financial statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus, refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our financial statements. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees reviews the adequacy of our policies and procedures regarding valuations and the effectiveness of their implementation. 
 Available Information 
 
 We furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. 
 
 The SEC maintains a website that contains annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically with the SEC, which can be accessed at www.sec.gov. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Adviser, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well as a duty to cast votes in the best interest of clients and not subrogate client interests to its own interests. Rule 206(4)-6 under the Advisers Act places specific requirements on registered investment advisers with proxy voting authority. 
 Proxy Policies 
 
 The Adviser s policies and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that the Adviser votes proxies in the best interest of the Fund and addresses how it will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies and, in so doing, to maximize the value of the investments made by the Fund, taking into consideration the Fund s investment horizons and other relevant factors. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a shareholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by its clients. Although the Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Decisions on how to vote a proxy generally are made by the Adviser. The Investment Committee and the members of the Investment Team covering the applicable security often have the most intimate knowledge of both a company s operations and the potential impact of a proxy vote s outcome. Decisions are based on a number of factors which may vary depending on a proxy s subject matter, but are guided by the general policies described in the proxy policy. In addition, the Adviser may determine not to vote a proxy after consideration of the vote s expected benefit to clients and the cost of voting the proxy. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser will require the members of the Investment Committee to disclose any personal conflicts of interest they may have with respect to overseeing a Fund s investment in a particular company. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 
 You may obtain information, without charge, regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 
 The following discussion is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Common Shares. This discussion does not purport to be complete or to deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to shareholders in light of their particular circumstances. Unless otherwise noted, this discussion applies only to U.S. shareholders that hold our Common Shares as capital assets. A U.S. shareholder is a shareholder who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a U.S. corporation, (iii) a trust if it (a) is subject to the primary supervision of a court in the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person, or (iv) any estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source. This discussion is based upon present provisions of the Code, the regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and administrative ruling authorities, all of which are subject to change, or differing interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). This discussion does not represent a detailed description of the U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to special classes of taxpayers including, without limitation, financial institutions, insurance companies, investors in pass-through entities, U.S. shareholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, tax-exempt organizations, dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities or commodities that elect mark to market treatment, or persons that will hold our Common Shares as a position in a straddle, hedge or as part of a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, this discussion does not address the application of the Medicare tax on net investment income or the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax, any U.S. federal estate or gift tax consequences or any tax consequences attributable to persons being required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to our Common Shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors with regard to the U.S. federal tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, or disposition of our Common Shares, as well as the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, foreign country or other taxing jurisdiction. 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 
 The Fund intends to elect to be treated, and intends to qualify each taxable year thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 
 To qualify for the favorable tax treatment accorded to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code, the Fund must, among other things: 
 1) have an election in effect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 2) have filed with its return for the taxable year an election to be a RIC or have made such election for a previous taxable year; 
 3) derive in each taxable year at least 90 of its gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, and gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities or foreign currencies, or other income (including but not limited to gains from options, futures or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing in such stock, securities, or currencies; and (b) net income derived from an interest in certain publicly-traded partnerships that are treated as 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that derive less than 90 of their gross income from the items described in (a) above (each, a Qualified Publicly-Traded Partnership and 
 4) diversify its holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year of the Fund (a) at least 50 of the value of the Fund s total assets is represented by cash and cash items (including receivables), U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs, and other securities for purposes of this calculation limited, in respect of any one issuer to an amount not greater in value than 5 of the value of the Fund s total assets, and to not more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer, and (b) not more than 25 of the value of the Fund s total assets is invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs) of (I) any one issuer, (II) any two or more issuers which the Fund controls and which are determined to be engaged in the same or similar trades or businesses or related trades or businesses or (III) any one or more Qualified Publicly-Traded Partnerships (described in 3(b) above). 
 
 As a RIC, the Fund generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its investment company taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code, but determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid) and net capital gain (the excess of net long-term capital gain over net short-term capital loss), if any, that it distributes in each taxable year to its shareholders, provided that it distributes at least 90 of the sum of its investment company taxable income and its net tax-exempt income for such taxable year. Generally, the Fund intends to distribute to its shareholders, at least annually, substantially all of its investment company taxable income and net capital gains, if any. 
 
 Amounts not distributed on a timely basis in accordance with a calendar year distribution requirement are subject to a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax. To prevent imposition of the excise tax, the Fund must distribute during each calendar year an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gains in excess of its capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any ordinary income and capital gains for previous years that were not distributed during those years. For these purposes, the Fund will be deemed to have distributed any income or gains on which it paid U.S. federal income tax. 
 
 A distribution will be treated as paid on December 31 of any calendar year if it is declared by the Fund in October, November or December with a record date in such a month and paid by the Fund during January of the following calendar year. Such distributions will be taxable to shareholders in the calendar year in which the distributions are declared, rather than the calendar year in which the distributions are received. 
 
 If the Fund failed to qualify as a RIC or failed to satisfy the 90 distribution requirement in any taxable year, the Fund would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates on its taxable income (including distributions of net capital gain), even if such income were distributed to its shareholders, and all distributions out of earnings and profits would be taxed to shareholders as ordinary dividend income. Such distributions generally would be eligible (i) to be treated as qualified dividend income in the case of individual and other non-corporate shareholders and (ii) for the dividends received deduction in the case of corporate shareholders. In addition, the Fund could be required to recognize unrealized gains, pay taxes and make distributions (which could be subject to interest charges) before requalifying for taxation as a RIC. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us may also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, the NAV of our Common Shares could decline, and an investor may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 
 We are a new company and have a limited operating history. 
 The Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC with a limited operating history. On January 1, 2023, we merged with the Private BDC, which began operations in May 2022. Accordingly, prospective investors have a limited track record or history on which to base their investment 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 decision. We are subject to the business risks and uncertainties associated with relatively recently formed businesses, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and the value of a shareholder s investment could decline substantially or become worthless. Further, even though the Adviser and its affiliates have managed other BDCs, neither the Adviser nor its affiliates have previously offered and the Investment Team has limited experience managing a non-traded BDC. While we believe that the past professional experiences of the Adviser and the Investment Team, including investment and financial experience of the Adviser s senior management, will increase the likelihood that the Adviser will be able to manage the Fund successfully, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. 
 We cannot guarantee that we will be able to replicate the historical results achieved by other Angelo Gordon products. 
 Our primary focus in making investments may differ from those of existing investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles that are or have been managed by Angelo Gordon. We may consider co-investing in portfolio investments with other investment funds, accounts or investment vehicles managed by Angelo Gordon. Any such investments will be subject to regulatory limitations and approvals by Independent Trustees. We can offer no assurance, however, that we will be able to obtain such approvals or develop opportunities that comply with such limitations. There can be no guarantee that we will replicate the historical results achieved by similar strategies managed by Angelo Gordon, and we caution shareholders that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by them in prior periods. Additionally, all or a portion of the prior results may have been achieved in particular market conditions which may never be repeated. Moreover, current or future market volatility and regulatory uncertainty may have an adverse impact on our future performance. 
 Our Board of Trustees may change our operating policies and strategies without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our Board of Trustees has the authority to modify or waive our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies without prior notice and without shareholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, NAV, operating results and value of our shares. However, the effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay distributions and cause shareholders to lose all or part of their investment. Moreover, we have significant flexibility in investing the net proceeds from our continuous offering and may use the net proceeds from our continuous offering in ways with which shareholders may not agree or for purposes other than those contemplated in this Annual Report. 
 Our Board of Trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust without prior shareholder approval. 
 Our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder vote, subject to certain exceptions, amend or otherwise supplement the Declaration of Trust by making an amendment, a Declaration of Trust supplemental thereto or an amended and restated Declaration of Trust, including without limitation to classify the Board of Trustees, to impose advance notice bylaw provisions for Trustee nominations or for shareholder proposals, to require super-majority approval of transactions with significant shareholders or other provisions that may be characterized as anti-takeover in nature. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on the ability of the Adviser to manage and support our investment process. If the Adviser or Angelo Gordon were to lose any members of their respective senior management teams, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed. 
 Since we have no employees, we depend on the investment expertise, skill and network of business contacts of the broader networks of Angelo Gordon, the Adviser and its affiliates. The Adviser evaluates, negotiates, structures, executes, monitors and services our investments. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of Angelo Gordon and its senior management team. The departure of any members of Angelo Gordon s senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. Additionally, while the Adviser anticipates that the various Angelo Gordon teams will communicate frequently and assist each other in market intelligence and investment analysis, from time to time communications among the teams may be limited due to the possession of confidential or material non-public information. In such circumstances where the Adviser s investment professionals are in possession of confidential or material non-public information, the Fund may not be in a position to benefit from any such information, and may be restricted from effecting certain securities transactions for the Fund that otherwise may have been effected. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on the Adviser s ability to identify and analyze, and to invest in, finance and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. The Adviser s capabilities in structuring the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 investment process, providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us, and facilitating access to financing on acceptable terms depend on the employment of investment professionals in an adequate number and of adequate sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. To achieve our investment objective, the Adviser may need to hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process. The Adviser may not be able to find investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. Failure to support our investment process could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While the Adviser has entered into the Resource Sharing Agreement with Angelo Gordon, pursuant to which Angelo Gordon will provide the Adviser with experienced investment professionals and access to the resources of Angelo Gordon so as to enable the Adviser to fulfill its obligations under the Advisory Agreement, there can be no assurance that Angelo Gordon will perform its obligations under the Resource Sharing Agreement. In addition, the Resource Sharing Agreement may be terminated by either party on 60 days notice, which if terminated may have a material consequence on the Fund s operations. 
 The Advisory Agreement has been approved pursuant to Section 15 of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Advisory Agreement has termination provisions that allow the parties to terminate the agreement. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without penalty, by us upon 60 days written notice or by the Adviser upon 120 days written notice. If the Advisory Agreement is terminated, it may adversely affect the quality of our investment opportunities. In addition, in the event the Advisory Agreement is terminated, it may be difficult for us to replace the Adviser and our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well as our ability to meet our payment obligations under future indebtedness, if any, and pay distributions, are likely to be adversely affected, and the value of our Common Shares may decline. 
 Because our business model depends to a significant extent upon relationships with private equity sponsors, investment banks and commercial banks, the inability of the Adviser to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 The Adviser depends on the broader Angelo Gordon relationships with private equity sponsors, investment banks and commercial banks, and we rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If the Adviser or its organizations fail to maintain their existing relationships or develop new relationships with other sponsors or sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the Adviser or its broader organizations have relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, there is no assurance that such relationships will generate investment opportunities for us. 
 We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, which could delay deployment of our capital, reduce returns and result in losses. 
 We will compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity funds, mezzanine funds, performing and other credit funds, and funds that invest in CLOs, structured notes, derivatives and other types of collateralized securities and structured products), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. These other BDCs and investment funds might be reasonable investment alternatives to us and may be less costly or complex with fewer and/or different risks than we have. Moreover, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, have begun to invest in areas in which they have not traditionally invested, including making investments in private U.S. companies. As a result of these new entrants, competition for investment opportunities in middle market companies may intensify. Some of our competitors are more experienced, substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. Furthermore, certain of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC and that the Code imposes on us as a RIC. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match such competitors pricing, terms or structure. If we are forced to match such competitors pricing, terms or structure, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. As a result of operating in such a competitive environment, we may make investments that are on less favorable terms than what we may have originally anticipated, which may impact our return on these investments. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 As required by the 1940 Act, a significant portion of our investment portfolio is and will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value. The Board of Trustees has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, and in that role the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of our investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board of Trustees. Even though the Board of Trustees designated the Adviser as valuation designee, the Board of Trustees is ultimately responsible for fair value determinations under the 1940 Act. There is not a public market for the securities of the privately-held companies in which we invest. Most of our investments will not be publicly-traded or actively traded on a secondary market. As a result, we value these securities quarterly (and monthly, to accommodate subscriptions) at fair value as determined in good faith as required by the 1940 Act. In connection with striking a NAV as of the last day of a month that is not also the last day of a calendar quarter, the Fund will consider whether there has been a material change to such investments as to affect their fair value, but such analysis will be more limited than the quarter end process. 
 As part of our valuation process, the Adviser will take into account relevant factors in determining the fair value of the Fund s investments without market quotations. Such factors that the Adviser may take into account generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly-traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. The Adviser s determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these non-traded securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations may cause our NAV on a given date to materially differ from the value that we may ultimately realize upon the sale of one or more of our investments. 
 The amount of any distributions we may make is uncertain and there is a risk that investors in our shares may not receive distributions or that our distributions may decrease over time. Our distributions may exceed our earnings, particularly during the period before we have substantially invested the net proceeds from our public offering. Therefore, portions of the distributions that we make may represent a return of capital to shareholders that will lower their tax basis in their shares and reduce the amount of funds we have for investment in targeted assets. 
 We may fund our cash distributions to shareholders from any sources of funds available to us, including proceeds from our continuous offering, borrowings, net investment income from operations, capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, non-capital gains proceeds from the sale of assets, dividends or other distributions paid to us on account of preferred and common equity investments in portfolio companies and fee and expense reimbursement waivers from the Adviser or the Administrator, if any. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by, among other things, the impact of one or more of the risk factors described in this Annual Report, including but not limited to the risk that we may not achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified or stable level of cash distributions and our distributions may decrease over time. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC may limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions are and will be paid at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our RIC status, compliance with applicable BDC regulations and such other factors as our Board of Trustees may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure shareholders that we will continue to pay distributions to our shareholders in the future. In the event that we encounter delays in locating suitable investment opportunities, we may pay all or a substantial portion of our distributions from borrowings or sources other than cash flow from operations in anticipation of future cash flow, which may constitute a return of a shareholder s capital. A return of capital is a return of a shareholder s investment, rather than a return of earnings or gains derived from our investment activities. 
 Although we do not intend to fund distributions from sources other than operating cash flow in the ordinary course, we may fund distributions from other sources, including but not limited to proceeds from our continuous offering if, for example, we determine that it would not be in the best interests of shareholders to sell portfolio investments in a market downturn and we are unable to borrow due to 1940 Act asset coverage limitations to fund distributions. As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, we are generally required to distribute 90 of our ordinary income to ensure RIC tax treatment and we may take such actions to ensure we meet the applicable RIC tax treatment requirements. We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. To the extent we pay distributions from a source other than net investment income, we are required to notify 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 shareholders of the sources of such distribution pursuant to Section 19 and Rule 19a-1 under the 1940 Act. Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of the Board of Trustees, which has a fiduciary duty to shareholders, taking into account factors such as our disclosure to investors, earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. 
 Our distributions to shareholders may be funded from expense reimbursements or waivers of investment advisory fees that are subject to repayment pursuant to our Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement. 
 Substantial portions of our distributions may be funded through the reimbursement of certain expenses by our Adviser and its affiliates, including through the waiver of certain investment advisory fees by our Adviser. Any such distributions funded through expense reimbursements or waivers of advisory fees will not be based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in future periods and/or our Adviser and its affiliates continue to make such reimbursements or waivers of such fees. Our future repayments of amounts reimbursed or waived by our Adviser or its affiliates will reduce the distributions that shareholders would otherwise receive in the future. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the performance necessary to be able to pay distributions at a specific rate or at all. Our Adviser and its affiliates have no obligation to waive advisory fees or otherwise reimburse expenses in future periods. 
 We have not established any limit on the amount of funds we may use from available sources, such as borrowings, if any, or proceeds from our continuous offering, to fund distributions (which may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in assets). 
 We intend to generally fund distributions from operating cash flow in the ordinary course. However, we may make distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations or relying on fee or expense reimbursement waivers, if any, from the Adviser or the Administrator and that such distributions are not based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in future periods and/or the Adviser or the Administrator continues to make such expense reimbursements, if any. The extent to which we pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations will depend on various factors, including the level of participation in our DRIP, how quickly we invest the proceeds from any future offering and the performance of our investments. To the extent that we borrow to fund distributions, the payment of interest on such borrowings will decrease the Fund s NAV, which would also cause the price per share in an offering to decrease. Further, if the Adviser elects to cover certain of our expenses pursuant to the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, this could cause a smoothing effect on our distributions because we will be able to pay distributions at times when we may otherwise be unable to. Shareholders should also understand that any amounts we use to pay distributions to shareholders from sources other than cash flow from operations may be required to be repaid in the future and that our future repayments of such amounts to the Adviser or any lender will reduce the amount of the future distributions. Further, the per share amount of distributions on Class S, Class D and Class I shares may differ because of different allocations of class-specific expenses. For example, distributions on Class S and Class D shares will be lower than on Class I shares because Class S and Class D shares are subject to different shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees. There can be no assurance that we will achieve such performance in order to sustain these distributions, or be able to pay distributions at all. The Adviser and the Administrator have no obligation to waive fees or receipt of expense reimbursements, if any. 
 Although we expect to adopt a share repurchase program, we have discretion to not repurchase shares or to suspend the program. 
 Our Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program at any time in its discretion. For example, in accordance with our Board of Trustees fiduciary duty to the Fund and shareholders, it may amend or suspend the share repurchase program during periods of market dislocation where selling assets to fund a repurchase could have a materially negative impact on remaining shareholders. Shareholders may not be able to sell their shares on a timely basis in the event our Board of Trustees amends or suspends the share repurchase program, absent a liquidity event, and we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our charter or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. Following any such suspension, the Board of Trustees will reinstate the share repurchase program when appropriate and subject to its fiduciary duty to the Fund and shareholders. We will notify shareholders of such developments in our quarterly reports or other filings. If less than the full amount of Common Shares requested to be repurchased in any given repurchase offer are repurchased, funds will be allocated pro rata based on the total number of Common Shares being repurchased without regard to class. The share repurchase program has many limitations and should not be considered a guaranteed method to sell shares promptly or at a desired price. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our shareholders. 
 In the event a shareholder chooses to participate in our share repurchase program, the shareholder will be required to provide us with notice of intent to participate prior to knowing what the NAV per share of the class of shares being repurchased will be on the Repurchase Date. Although a shareholder will have the ability to withdraw a repurchase request prior to the Repurchase Date, to the extent a shareholder seeks to sell shares to us as part of our periodic share repurchase program, the shareholder will be required to do so without knowledge of what the repurchase price of our shares will be on the Repurchase Date. 
 As a public company, we are subject to regulations not applicable to private companies, such as provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Efforts to comply with such regulations will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with such regulations may adversely affect us. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Our management is required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. As a relatively new company, developing and maintaining an effective system of internal controls may require significant expenditures, which may negatively impact our financial performance and our ability to make distributions. This process also will result in a diversion of our management s time and attention. We cannot be certain of when our evaluation, testing and remediation actions will be completed or the impact of the same on our operations. In addition, we may be unable to ensure that the process is effective or that our internal controls over financial reporting are or will be effective in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls and maintain or achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we may be adversely affected. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until there is a public market for our shares, which is not expected to occur. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including our ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet our investment criteria, the interest rate payable on the loans or other debt securities we originate or acquire, the level of our expenses (including our borrowing costs), variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any previous period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 
 General economic conditions could adversely affect the performance of our investments and implementation of our investment strategy. 
 The success of the Fund s investment strategy and our investment activities will be affected by, and will depend, in part, upon general economic and market conditions in the U.S. and global economies, such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, availability of credit, credit defaults, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, as well as by changes in applicable laws and regulations (including laws relating to taxation of our investments), trade barriers, currency exchange controls, asset re-investment, resource self-sufficiency and national and international political and socioeconomic circumstances in respect of the countries in which the Fund may invest. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity of the Fund s portfolio investments, which could impair the Fund s profitability or result in losses. In addition, general fluctuations in the market prices of securities and interest rates may affect the Fund s investment opportunities and the value of the Fund s investments and prolonged disruption may prevent the Fund from advantageously realizing or disposing of portfolio investments. We may maintain substantial trading positions that can be adversely affected by the level of volatility in the financial markets; the larger the positions, the greater the potential for loss. Declines in the performance of national economies or the credit markets in certain jurisdictions have had a negative impact on general economic and market conditions globally, and as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Further, the Adviser s financial condition may be adversely affected by a significant general economic downturn and it may be subject to legal, regulatory, reputational and other unforeseen risks that could have a material adverse effect on the Adviser s businesses and operations (including those of the Fund). 
 Uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets and political systems of the United States, the United Kingdom and other countries may have adverse spill-over effects into the global financial markets generally. Moreover, a recession, slowdown and/or a sustained downturn in the U.S. or global economy (or any particular segment thereof) will have a pronounced impact on the Fund and could adversely affect the Fund s profitability, impede the ability of the Fund s portfolio companies to perform under or refinance their existing obligations, and impair the Fund s ability to effectively deploy its capital or realize upon portfolio investments on favorable terms and may have an adverse impact on the business and operations of the Fund. Angelo Gordon and the Adviser may also be affected by difficult conditions in the capital markets and any overall weakening of the financial services industry of the U.S. and/or global economies. Any of the foregoing events could result in substantial or total losses to the Fund in respect of certain or all portfolio investments, which losses will likely be exacerbated by the presence of leverage in the Fund s capital structure. An economic downturn could adversely affect the financial resources of the Fund s portfolio companies and their ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, outstanding debt when due. In the event of such defaults, whereby portfolio companies default under the Fund s loans to them, the Fund could lose both invested capital in, and anticipated profits from, the affected portfolio companies. Such marketplace events may also impact the availability and terms of financing for leveraged transactions. Private equity investors have recently been required to finance transactions with a greater proportion of equity relative to prior periods and the terms of debt financing are significantly less flexible for borrowers compared to prior periods. These developments may impair the Fund s ability to consummate transactions and may cause the Fund to enter into transactions on less attractive terms than those executed by other Angelo Gordon funds. 
 Finally, economic problems in a single country are increasingly affecting other markets and economies. A continuation of this trend could adversely affect global economic conditions and world markets and, in turn, could adversely affect the Fund s performance. 
 Any of the foregoing events could result in substantial or total losses to the Fund in respect of certain investments, which losses will likely be exacerbated by the presence of leverage in a portfolio company s capital structure. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments and our investment returns and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our investment objective and our net investment income. 
 Because we may borrow money and issue debt securities or preferred shares to make investments, our net investment income will be dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay interest or dividends on such debt securities or preferred shares and the rate at which we invest these funds. In this period of rising interest rates, our interest income will increase if the majority of our portfolio bears interest at variable rates while our cost of funds will also increase, to a lesser extent, if the majority of our indebtedness bears interest at fixed rates, with the net impact being an increase to our net investment income. Conversely, if interest rates decrease we may earn less interest income from investments and our cost of funds will also decrease, to a lesser extent, resulting in lower net investment income. From time to time, we may also enter into certain hedging transactions to mitigate our exposure to changes in interest rates. In the past, Angelo Gordon and its affiliates have entered into certain hedging transactions, such as interest rate swap agreements, to mitigate exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates, and the Fund may do so in the future. However, we cannot assure shareholders that such transactions will be successful in mitigating our exposure to interest rate risk. There can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 Rising interest rates may also increase the cost of debt for our underlying portfolio companies, which could adversely impact their financial performance and ability to meet ongoing obligations to us. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our Shares less attractive if we are not able to pay dividends at a level that provides a similar return, which could reduce the value of our Shares. 
 Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 The Federal Reserve has raised, and may continue to raise, certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat inflation and the Fund as well as our portfolio companies will be impacted by such inflation. Recent inflationary pressures 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 have increased the costs of labor, energy and raw materials, have adversely affected consumer spending and economic growth, and may adversely affect our portfolio companies operations. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs of operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans, particularly if interest rates rise in response to inflation. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 
 During periods of heightened inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments the Fund or entities related to portfolio investments may have issued could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to investors in the Fund. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by the rising prices of commodities which are critical to the operation of portfolio companies as noted above. Portfolio companies may have fixed income streams and, therefore, be unable to pay their debts when they become due. The market value of such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund s portfolio investments may have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. Governmental efforts to curb inflation often have negative effects on the level of economic activity. In an attempt to stabilize inflation, certain countries have imposed wage and price controls at times. Past governmental efforts to curb inflation have also involved more drastic economic measures that have had a materially adverse effect on the level of economic activity in the countries where such measures were employed. There can be no assurance that continued and more wide-spread inflation in the U.S. and/or other economies will not become a serious problem in the future and have a material adverse impact on the Fund s returns. 
 It may be difficult to bring suit or foreclosure in non-U.S. countries. 
 Because the effectiveness of the judicial systems in the countries in which the Fund may invest varies, the Fund (or any portfolio company) may have difficulty in foreclosing or successfully pursuing claims in the courts of such countries, as compared to the United States or other countries. Further, to the extent the Fund or a portfolio company may obtain a judgment but is required to seek its enforcement in the courts of one of these countries in which the Fund invests, there can be no assurance that such courts will enforce such judgment. The laws of other countries often lack the sophistication and consistency found in the United States with respect to foreclosure, bankruptcy, corporate reorganization or creditors rights. 
 The nature of bankruptcy proceedings may impact the value of the Fund s investments. 
 A portfolio company may become involved in a reorganization, bankruptcy or other proceeding. In any such event, the Fund may lose its entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities or assets with a value less than the Fund s original investment and/or may be required to accept payment over an extended period of time. 
 In the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of an obligor, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to the Fund s investments would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before the Fund receives any distributions in respect of its investments. After repaying the senior creditors, such obligor may not have any remaining assets to repay its obligations to the Fund. In the case of debt ranking equally with the loans or debt securities in which the Fund invests, the Fund would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant investee company. Each jurisdiction in which the Fund invests has its own insolvency laws. As a result, investments in similarly situated investee companies in different jurisdictions may well confer different rights in the event of insolvency. 
 A portfolio company that becomes distressed or any distressed asset received by the Fund in a restructuring would require active monitoring. Involvement by the Adviser in a company s reorganization proceedings could result in the imposition of restrictions limiting the Fund s ability to liquidate its position therein. Bankruptcy proceedings involve a number of significant risks. Many of the events within a bankruptcy litigation are adversarial and often beyond the control of the creditors. While creditors generally are afforded an opportunity to object to significant actions, there can be no assurance that a bankruptcy court would not approve actions which may be contrary to the interests of the Fund, particularly in those jurisdictions which give a comparatively high priority to preserving the debtor company as a going concern, or to protecting the interests of either creditors with higher ranking claims in bankruptcy or of other stakeholders, such as employees. 
 Generally, the duration of a bankruptcy case can only be roughly estimated. The reorganization of a company usually involves the development and negotiation of a plan of reorganization, plan approval by creditors and confirmation 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 by the bankruptcy court. This process can involve substantial legal, professional and administrative costs to the company and the Fund; it is subject to unpredictable and lengthy delays, particularly in jurisdictions which do not have specialized insolvency courts or judges and/or may have a higher risk of political interference in insolvency proceedings, all of which may have adverse consequences for the Fund. During such process, the company s competitive position may erode, key management may depart and the company may not be able to invest adequately. In some cases, the company may not be able to reorganize and may be required to liquidate assets. Although the Fund will invest primarily in debt, the debt of companies in financial reorganization will, in most cases, not pay current interest, may not accrue interest during reorganization and may be adversely affected by an erosion of the issuer s fundamental values. Such investments can result in a total loss of principal. 
 One of the protections offered in certain jurisdictions in bankruptcy proceedings is a stay on required payments by the borrower on loans or other securities. When a portfolio company or other issuer seeks relief under the bankruptcy laws of a particular jurisdiction (or has a petition filed against it), an automatic stay prevents all entities, including creditors, from foreclosing or taking other actions to enforce claims, perfect liens or reach collateral securing such claims. Creditors who have claims against the issuer prior to the date of the bankruptcy filing must generally petition the court to permit them to take any action to protect or enforce their claims or their rights in any collateral. Such creditors may be prohibited from doing so if the court concludes that the value of the property in which the creditor has an interest will be adequately protected during the proceedings. If the bankruptcy court s assessment of adequate protection is inaccurate, a creditor s collateral may be wasted without the creditor being afforded the opportunity to preserve it. Thus, even if the Fund holds a secured claim, it may be prevented from collecting the liquidation value of the collateral securing its debt, unless relief from the automatic stay is granted by the court. If relief from the stay is not granted, the Fund may not realize a distribution on account of its secured claim until a plan of reorganization or liquidation for the debtor is confirmed. Bankruptcy proceedings are inherently litigious, time consuming, highly complex and driven extensively by facts and circumstances, which can result in challenges in predicting outcomes. The equitable power of bankruptcy judges also can result in uncertainty as to the ultimate resolution of claims. A stay on payments to be made on the assets of the Fund could adversely affect the value of those assets and the Fund itself. Other protections in such proceedings may include forgiveness of debt, the ability to create super-priority liens in favor of certain creditors of the debtor and certain well-defined claims procedures. Additionally, the numerous risks inherent in the insolvency process create a potential risk of loss by the Fund of its entire investment in any particular issuer. Insolvency laws may, in certain jurisdictions, result in a restructuring of the debt without the Fund s consent under the cramdown provisions of applicable insolvency laws and may also result in a discharge of all or part of the debt without payment to the Fund. 
 Security interests held by creditors are closely scrutinized and frequently challenged in bankruptcy proceedings and may be invalidated for a variety of reasons. For example, security interests may be set aside because, as a technical matter, they have not been perfected properly under applicable law. If a security interest is invalidated, the secured creditor loses the value of the collateral and because loss of the secured status causes the claim to be treated as an unsecured claim, the holder of such claim will be more likely to experience a significant loss of its investment. There can be no assurance that the security interests securing the Fund s claims will not be challenged vigorously and found defective in some respect, or that the Fund will be able to prevail against the challenge. As such, investments in issuers involved in such proceedings could subject the Fund to certain additional potential liabilities that may exceed the value of the Fund s original investment therein. 
 Moreover, under applicable bankruptcy law, debt may be disallowed or subordinated to the claims of other creditors if the creditor is found guilty of certain inequitable conduct resulting in harm to other parties with respect to the affairs of a company or other issuer filing for protection from creditors. In addition, creditors claims may be treated as equity if they are deemed to be contributions to capital, or if a creditor attempts to control the outcome of the business affairs of an issuer prior to its filing under such laws. If a creditor is found to have interfered with an issuer s affairs to the detriment of other creditors or shareholders, the creditor may be held liable for damages to injured parties. There can be no assurance that claims for equitable subordination or creditor liability will not be asserted with respect to the Fund s portfolio investments. 
 While the challenges to liens and debt normally occur in a bankruptcy proceeding, the conditions or conduct that would lead to an attack in a bankruptcy proceeding could in certain circumstances result in actions brought by other creditors of the debtor, shareholders of the debtor or even the debtor itself in other U.S. state or U.S. federal proceedings, including pursuant to state fraudulent transfer laws. As is the case in a bankruptcy proceeding, there can be no assurance that such claims will not be asserted or that the Fund will be able successfully to defend against them. To the extent that the Fund assumes an active role in any legal proceeding involving the debtor, the Fund may be prevented from disposing of securities issued by the debtor due to the Fund s possession of material, non-public information concerning the debtor. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. bankruptcy law permits the classification of substantially similar claims in determining the classification of claims in a reorganization for purpose of voting on a plan of reorganization. Because the standard for classification is vague, there exists a significant risk that the Fund s influence with respect to a class of claims can be lost by the inflation of the number and the amount of claims in, or other gerrymandering of, the class. In addition, certain administrative costs and claims that have priority by law over the claims of certain creditors (for example, claims for taxes) may be quite high. 
 The insolvency of a portfolio company and related proceedings may have a materially adverse effect on the performance of the Fund. 
 If a court in a lawsuit brought by a creditor or representative of creditors (such as a trustee in bankruptcy) of a portfolio company were to find that: 
 (a) the portfolio company did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for incurring the indebtedness evidenced by the securities that the company issued to the Fund and 
 (b) after giving effect to such indebtedness and the use of the proceeds thereof, the portfolio company 
 (i) was insolvent, 
 (ii) was engaged in a business for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital or 
 (iii) intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, such court could 
 1. invalidate, in whole or in part, such indebtedness as a fraudulent conveyance, 
 2. subordinate such indebtedness to existing or future creditors of the obligor or 
 3. recover amounts previously paid by the portfolio company to the Fund and/or proceeds with respect to such securities previously applied by the Fund, in each case, in satisfaction of such indebtedness. 
 In addition, upon the insolvency of a portfolio company, payments that such portfolio company made to the Fund may be subject to avoidance, cancellation and/or clawback as a preference if made within a certain period of time (which may be as long as two years) before insolvency. There can be no assurance as to what standard a court would apply in order to determine whether the company was insolvent or that, regardless of the method of valuation, a court would not determine that the company was insolvent, in each case, after giving effect to the indebtedness evidenced by the securities held by the Fund and the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 In general, if payments are voidable, whether as fraudulent conveyances, extortionate transactions or preferences, such payments may be recaptured either from the initial recipient (such as the Fund) or from subsequent transferees of such payments, including the shareholders. To the extent that any such amounts are recaptured from the Fund, there may be a materially adverse effect on the performance of the Fund. 
 The above discussion is based upon U.S. federal and state laws. Insofar as investments that are obligations of non-U.S. obligors are concerned, the laws of non-U.S. jurisdictions may provide for avoidance remedies under factual circumstances similar to those described above, with consequences that may or may not be analogous to those described above under U.S. federal and state laws. 
 The Fund may invest in portfolio companies whose capital structures may have significant leverage, which may impair these companies ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. 
 While investments in leveraged companies offer the potential opportunity for capital appreciation, such investments also involve a higher degree of risk as a result of recessions, operating problems and other general business and economic risks that may have a more pronounced effect on the profitability or survival of such companies. Such investments are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, competitive pressures and increases in expenses. Moreover, rising interest rates may significantly increase portfolio companies interest expense, causing losses and/or the inability to service debt levels. Leverage magnifies gains and losses attributable to other investment policies and practices, such as investing in 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 below investment grade instruments. If a portfolio company cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet debt obligations, the portfolio company may default on its loan agreements or be forced into bankruptcy resulting in a restructuring of the company s capital structure or liquidation of the company, and the Fund may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in the portfolio company. Furthermore, to the extent companies in which the Fund has invested become insolvent, the Fund may determine, in cooperation with other debt holders or on its own, to engage, at the Fund s expense in whole or in part, counsel and other advisors in connection therewith. In addition to leverage in the capital structure of portfolio companies, the Fund may incur leverage. 
 We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares less attractive to investors. 
 We will be and we will remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act until the earlier of: 
 (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the date of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and 
 (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive because we will rely on some or all of these exemptions. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We will take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us since our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates and may result in less investor confidence. 
 Failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling, and changes in the amount of federal debt, may negatively impact the economic environment and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. federal government has established a limit on the level of federal debt that the U.S. federal government can have outstanding, often referred to as the debt ceiling. The U.S. Congress has authority to raise or suspend the debt ceiling and to approve the funding of U.S. federal government operations within the debt ceiling, and has done both frequently in the past, often on a relatively short-term basis. On January 19, 2023, the U.S. reached its borrowing limit and currently faces risk of defaulting on its debt. Generally, if effective legislation to manage the level of federal debt is not enacted and the debt ceiling is reached in any given year, the federal government may suspend its investments for certain government accounts, among other available options, in order to prioritize payments on its obligations. It is anticipated that the U.S. federal government will be able to fund its operations through approximately mid-2023. However, contention among policymakers, among other factors, may hinder the enactment of policies to further increase the borrowing limit or address its debt balance timely. A failure by the U.S. Congress to raise the debt limit would increase the risk of default by the U.S. on its obligations, the risk of a lowering of the U.S. federal government s credit rating, and the risk of other economic dislocations. Such a failure, or the perceived risk of such a failure, could consequently have a material adverse effect on the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. If economic conditions severely deteriorate as a result of U.S. federal government fiscal gridlock, our operations, or those of our portfolio companies, could be affected, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Any unrealized losses we experience on our portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. 
 As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at the fair value as determined in good faith by our Board of Trustees. Decreases in the market value or fair value of our investments relative to amortized cost will be recorded as unrealized depreciation. Any unrealized losses in our portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected loans. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our income available for distribution in future periods. In addition, decreases in the market value or fair value of our investments will reduce our NAV. 
 Terrorist attacks, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may adversely affect our operations. 
 Terrorist acts, acts of war, global health emergencies or natural disasters may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to recent global economic instability. Future terrorist activities, military or security operations, global health emergencies or natural disasters could further weaken the domestic/global economies and create additional uncertainties, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Losses from terrorist attacks, global health emergencies or natural disasters are generally uninsurable. 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine may have a material adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. 
 On February 24, 2022, President Putin commenced a full-scale invasion of Russia s pre-positioned forces into Ukraine. In response, countries worldwide, including the United States, have imposed sanctions against Russia on certain businesses and individuals. This invasion has led, is currently leading, and for an unknown period of time will continue to lead to disruptions in local, regional, national, and global markets and economies affected thereby. Furthermore, the conflict between the two nations and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries could preclude prediction as to their ultimate adverse impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the Fund and the performance of its investments or operations, and the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that third parties, investors, or related customer bases have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. 
 Force Majeure events may adversely affect our operations. 
 The Fund may be affected by force majeure events (e.g., acts of God, fire, flood, earthquakes, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, war, terrorism, nationalization of industry and labor strikes). Force majeure events could adversely affect the ability of the Fund or a counterparty to perform its obligations. The liability and cost arising out of a failure to perform obligations as a result of a force majeure event could be considerable and could be borne by the Fund. Certain force majeure events, such as war or an outbreak of an infectious disease, could have a broader negative impact on the global or local economy, thereby affecting the Fund. Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control, could result in a loss to the Fund if an investment is affected, and any compensation provided by the relevant government may not be adequate. 
 COVID-19 is expected to continue to have, and other public health emergencies may have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The global impact of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. Precautionary measures have created significant disruption in the global public and private markets, supply chains and economic activity and have had a particularly adverse impact on transportation, hospitality, tourism, entertainment and other industries. It is expected that many countries will continue to encounter issues with respect to the distribution, uptake and efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines and treatments. The full impact of the pandemic, including a global, regional or other economic recession (which some financial experts opine have already arrived), is still uncertain and difficult to assess. 
 Any public health emergency, including any outbreak of COVID-19, SARS, Monkeypox, H1N1/09 flu, avian flu, other coronavirus, Ebola or other existing or new epidemic diseases, or the threat thereof, could negatively impact the Fund 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 and its portfolio companies and could meaningfully affect the Fund s ability to fulfill its investment objectives. In particular, recipients should note that the performance information presented herein should not be relied upon. Certain updated valuations used to calculate the performance of the Fund and other Angelo Gordon products may be lower than those reflected herein and in certain cases, materially so. Accordingly, correspondingly qualified considerations should be attached to the valuation and performance information included herein. 
 The extent of the impact of any public health emergency on the Fund s and its portfolio companies operational and financial performance will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the duration and scope of such public health emergency, the extent of any related travel advisories and voluntary or mandatory government restrictions implemented, the impact of such public health emergency on overall supply and demand, goods and services, investor liquidity, consumer confidence and spending levels, the extent of government support and levels of economic activity, the impact of labor market interruptions, and the extent of its disruption to important global, regional and local supply chains and economic markets, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. For this reason, valuations in this environment are subject to heightened uncertainty and subject to numerous subjective judgments, any or all of which could turn out to be incorrect with the benefit of hindsight. Furthermore, traditional valuation approaches that have been used historically may need to be modified in order to effectively capture fair value in the midst of significant volatility or market dislocation. The effects of a public health emergency may negatively impact the value and performance of the Fund s portfolio companies, the Fund s ability to source, manage and divest investments (including but not limited to circumstances where potential transactions are already signed but not closed) and the Fund s ability to achieve its investment objectives, all of which could result in significant losses to the Fund. 
 In connection with the impacts of any such future public health crisis, the Fund is expected to incur heightened legal expenses which could similarly have an adverse impact to the Fund s returns. For example, but not by limitation, the Fund or portfolio companies may be subject to heightened litigation and its resulting costs, which costs may be significant and are expected to be borne by the Fund and/or its portfolio companies. There is also a heightened risk of cyber and other security vulnerabilities during the current public health emergency and any future one, which could result in adverse effects to the Fund or the portfolio companies in the form of economic harm, data loss or other negative outcomes. 
 Governmental intervention in the financial markets may increase volatility. 
 In response to a recession, economic slowdown or financial market instability, governments and regulators may choose to intervene by implementing austerity measures and reforms, as seen in the 2007-2008 global financial crisis. There is no guarantee a government or regulatory intervention will have the desired effect and any such intervention may result in social unrest, limit future growth and economic recovery or have unintended consequences. Additionally, such interventions have sometimes been unclear in scope and application, resulting in confusion and uncertainty which in itself has been detrimental to the efficient functioning of financial markets. It is impossible to predict with certainty what temporary or permanent governmental restrictions may be imposed on the markets in the future and/or the effect of such restrictions on the Advisers ability to implement the Fund s investment objective, the European or global economy or the global securities market. Instability in the global financial markets or government intervention may increase the volatility of the Fund and hence the risk of loss to the value of a shareholder s investment. 
 The current period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty may make it difficult to obtain indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Current market conditions may make it difficult to obtain indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently expect to experience, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make commitments. An inability to obtain indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may face a breach of our cyber security, which could result in adverse consequences to our operations and exposure of confidential information. 
 Cyber security incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. Angelo Gordon and its affiliates and portfolio companies and 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 service providers information and technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cyber security breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, or usage errors by their respective professionals or service providers. If unauthorized parties gain access to such information and technology systems, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including non-public personal information related to shareholders (and their beneficial owners) and material non-public information. Although Angelo Gordon has implemented, and portfolio companies and service providers may implement, various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, such systems could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. Angelo Gordon does not control the cyber security plans and systems put in place by third-party service providers, and such third-party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to Angelo Gordon, its affiliates, the Fund, the shareholders and/or a portfolio company, each of which could be negatively impacted as a result. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems and/or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in Angelo Gordon s, its affiliates , the Fund s and/or a portfolio company s operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to shareholders (and their beneficial owners), material non-public information and the intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information of Angelo Gordon and/or portfolio companies. Angelo Gordon, the Fund and/or a portfolio company could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any such failures, harm to their reputations, legal claims that they and their respective affiliates may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity, and other events that may affect their business and financial performance. 
 We may not be able to obtain all required state licenses or in any other jurisdiction where they may be required in the future. 
 We may be required to obtain various state licenses in order to, among other things, originate commercial loans, and may be required to obtain similar licenses from other authorities, including outside of the United States, in the future in connection with one or more investments. Applying for and obtaining required licenses can be costly and take several months. There is no assurance that we will obtain all of the licenses that we need on a timely basis. Furthermore, we will be subject to various information and other requirements in order to obtain and maintain these licenses, and there is no assurance that we will satisfy those requirements. Our failure to obtain or maintain licenses might restrict investment options and have other adverse consequences. 
 Risks related to the transition away from LIBOR. 
 Although we do not intend to lend at rates based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), we may purchase loans on the secondary market that continue to use LIBOR. While many LIBOR rates were phased out at the end of 2021, a selection of widely used U.S.-dollar LIBOR rates will continue to be published until June 2023. On July 29, 2021, the U.S. Federal Reserve System, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, formally recommended replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidation Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act LIBOR Act ), was signed into law in the U.S. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for financial contracts that mature after June 30, 2023 which do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. Although the transition process away from LIBOR has become increasingly well-defined (e.g. the LIBOR Act now provides a uniform benchmark replacement for LIBOR-based instruments in the U.S.), the transition process may involve, among other things, increased volatility or illiquidity in markets for instruments that currently rely on LIBOR and may result in a reduction in the value of certain instruments held by the Fund. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR, or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there remains uncertainty regarding the future utilization of LIBOR and the nature of any replacement rate. In many cases, the nominated replacements, as well as other potential replacements, are not complete or ready to implement and require margin adjustments. There is currently no final consensus as to which benchmark rate(s) (along with any adjustment and/or permutation thereof) will replace all or any LIBOR tenors after the discontinuation thereof and there can be no assurance that any such replacement benchmark rate(s) will attain market acceptance. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Regional and investor-specific sentiment may differ in what constitutes a material positive or negative ESG factor. There is no guarantee that our ESG practices will uniformly fit every investor s definition of best practices for all ESG considerations across geographies and investor types. Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. 
 Compliance with the SEC s Regulation Best Interest may negatively impact our ability to raise capital in our continuous offering, which would harm our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 As of June 30, 2020, broker-dealers must comply with Regulation Best Interest, which, among other requirements, enhances the existing standard of conduct for broker-dealers and natural persons who are associated persons of a broker-dealer when recommending to a retail customer any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to a retail customer. The impact of Regulation Best Interest on broker- dealers participating in our continuous offering cannot be determined at this time, but it may negatively impact whether broker-dealers and their associated persons recommend our continuous offering to retail customers. Regulation Best Interest imposes a duty of care for broker-dealers to evaluate reasonable alternatives in the best interests of their clients. Reasonable alternatives to the Fund, such as listed entities, exist and may have lower expenses, less complexity and/or lower investment risk than the Fund. Certain investments in listed entities may involve lower or no commissions at the time of initial purchase. Under Regulation Best Interest, broker-dealers participating in our continuous offering must consider such alternatives in the best interests of their clients. If Regulation Best Interest reduces our ability to raise capital in our continuous offering, it would harm our ability to create a diversified portfolio of investments and achieve our investment objectives and would result in our fixed operating costs representing a larger percentage of our gross income. 
 Our Declaration of Trust includes exclusive forum and jury trial waiver provisions that could limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim or, if such provisions are deemed inapplicable or unenforceable by a court, may cause the Fund to incur additional costs associated with such action. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Fund, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a duty owed by any Trustee, officer or other agent of the Fund to the Fund or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Title 12 of the Delaware Code, Delaware statutory or common law, our Declaration of Trust, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (for the avoidance of doubt, including any claims brought to interpret, apply or enforce the securities or antifraud laws of any international, national, state, provincial, territorial, local or other governmental or regulatory authority, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction. In addition, our Declaration of Trust provides that no shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Fund unless holders of at least ten percent (10 of the outstanding shares join in the bringing of such action. These provisions of our Declaration of Trust may make it more difficult for shareholders to bring a derivative action than a company without such provisions. 
 Our Declaration of Trust also includes an irrevocable waiver of the right to trial by jury in all such claims, suits, actions and proceedings. Any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our Common Shares shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions of our Declaration of Trust. These provisions may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum or in a manner that it finds favorable for disputes with the Fund or the Fund s Trustees or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provision or the jury trial waiver provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions or in other manners, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, neither we nor any of our investors are permitted to waive compliance with any provision of the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to an Investment in the Common Shares 
 We may have difficulty paying distributions and the tax character of any distributions is uncertain. 
 We generally intend to distribute substantially all of our available earnings annually by paying distributions on a monthly basis, as determined by the Board of Trustees in its discretion. We cannot assure investors that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions (particularly during the early stages of our operations) or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of the risk factors described in this Annual Report. Due to the asset coverage test applicable to us under the 1940 Act as a BDC, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions. In addition, if we enter into a credit facility or any other borrowing facility, for so long as such facility is outstanding, we anticipate that we may be required by its terms to use all payments of interest and principal that we receive from our current investments as well as any proceeds received from the sale of our current investments to repay amounts outstanding thereunder, which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions. 
 Furthermore, the tax treatment and characterization of our distributions may vary significantly from time to time due to the nature of our investments. The ultimate tax characterization of our distributions made during a taxable year may not finally be determined until after the end of that taxable year. We may make distributions during a taxable year that exceed our investment company taxable income and net capital gains for that taxable year. In such a situation, the amount by which our total distributions exceed investment company taxable income and net capital gains generally would be treated as a return of capital up to the amount of a shareholder s tax basis in the shares, with any amounts exceeding such tax basis treated as a gain from the sale or exchange of such shares. A return of capital generally is a return of a shareholder s investment rather than a return of earnings or gains derived from our investment activities. Moreover, we may pay all or a substantial portion of our distributions from borrowings or sources other than cash flow from operations in anticipation of future cash flow. Any such distributions may constitute a return of shareholders capital, which would lower such shareholders tax basis in our shares and may result in increased tax liability to shareholders when they sell such shares. 
 Shareholders may experience dilution. 
 All distributions declared in cash payable to shareholders that are participants in our DRIP will generally be automatically reinvested in our Common Shares. As a result, shareholders that do not participate in our DRIP may experience dilution over time. 
 Holders of our Common Shares will not have preemptive rights to any shares we issue in the future. Our charter allows us to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares. Our Board of Trustees may elect, without shareholder approval, to: 
 (1) sell additional shares in this or future public offerings; 
 (2) issue Common Shares or interests in any of our subsidiaries in private offerings; 
 (3) issue Common Shares upon the exercise of the options we may grant to our Independent Trustees or future employees; or 
 (4) subject to applicable law, issue Common Shares in payment of an outstanding obligation to pay fees for services rendered to us. 
 Because of these and other reasons, our shareholders may experience substantial dilution in their percentage ownership of our shares or their interests in the underlying assets held by our subsidiaries. 
 Investing in our shares involves a high degree of risk. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive and there can be no assurance that the Fund s investment strategy will produce favorable returns, due to the risks and uncertainties described herein, among others. Prospective investors must be prepared to bear 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 capital losses that might result from an investment in the Fund, including a complete loss of the prospective investor s investment and, therefore, an investment in our shares may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 The NAV of our shares may fluctuate significantly. 
 The NAV and liquidity, if any, of the market for our shares may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: 
 changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; 
 loss of RIC or BDC status; 
 changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 
 changes in the value of our portfolio of investments; 
 changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments; 
 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors; 
 departure of either of our Adviser or certain of its respective key personnel; 
 general economic trends and other external factors; and 
 loss of a major funding source. 
 
 Provisions of our Declaration of Trust and bylaws could deter takeover attempts. 
 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and bylaws, as amended, our Board of Trustees is divided into three classes of trustees. Each class consists, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of Trustees, and each class has a three-year term. Our classified board could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent Trustees more time consuming and difficult. Because our Trustees may be removed (i) by a majority of the remaining Trustees (or in the case of the removal of an Independent Trustee, a majority of the remaining Independent Trustees) but only for cause or (ii) upon a vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of our outstanding shares entitled to vote with or without cause, at least two annual meetings of shareholders, instead of one, will generally be required to effect a change in a majority of our Board of Trustees. Thus, our classified board could increase the likelihood that incumbent Trustees will retain their positions. The staggered terms of Trustees may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer by a third party or an attempt to change control of us or another transaction that might involve a premium price for our common shares that might be in the best interest of our shareholders. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 
 Our investments in prospective portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Our investments may be risky and there is no limit on the amount of any such investments in which we may invest. In addition, investment analyses and decisions by the Fund and the Adviser will often be undertaken on an expedited basis in order for the Fund to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to the Fund and the Adviser at the time of an investment decision may be limited, and the Fund and the Adviser may not have access to the detailed information necessary for a full evaluation of the investment opportunity. In addition, the financial information available to the Fund and the Adviser may not be accurate or provided based upon accepted accounting methods. The Fund and the Adviser will rely upon independent consultants or advisors in connection with the evaluation of proposed investments. There can be no assurance that these consultants or advisors will accurately evaluate such investments. 
 Risk Associated with Unspecified Transactions; No Assurance of Investment Return. 
 Investors will be relying on the ability of the Adviser to source, negotiate, consummate and syndicate Fund originated loans (each, a loan and, together with other portfolio investments, the portfolio investments using the 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 investments of shareholders, and there is no assurance that the Adviser will find a sufficient number of attractive opportunities to meet the Fund s investment objectives or that the Fund will be able to make and realize its investment objective. The realizable value of a highly illiquid investment, at any given time, may be less than its intrinsic value. In addition, certain types of investments held by the Fund may require a substantial length of time to liquidate. Furthermore, to the extent the investment strategy of the Fund relies upon a certain set of market and economic conditions and such conditions do not materialize for an extended period of time, the Fund may not be able to invest a significant portion of the proceeds. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to generate returns for its investors or that the returns will be commensurate with the risks of investing in the type of portfolio investments and transactions described herein. 
 Any information included in any of the Fund s marketing materials regarding targeted returns for the Fund is provided as an indicator as to how the Fund will be managed and is not intended to be viewed as an indicator of likely performance returns to investors in the Fund. Any targeted return information is based upon projections, estimates and assumptions that a potential investment will yield a return equal to or greater than the target. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Fund s projections, estimates or assumptions will be realized or that the Adviser will be successful in finding investment opportunities that meet these anticipated return parameters. 
 Debt Instruments Generally . The Fund will invest in debt and credit-related instruments. Such debt may be unsecured and structurally or contractually subordinated to substantial amounts of senior indebtedness, all or a significant portion of which may be secured. Moreover, such debt investments may not be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness and there is no minimum credit rating for such debt investments. Other factors may materially and adversely affect the market price and yield of such debt investments, including investor demand, changes in the financial condition of the applicable issuer, government fiscal policy and domestic or worldwide economic conditions. Certain debt instruments in which the Fund may invest may have speculative characteristics. 
 Generally, speculative investment securities offer a higher return potential than higher-rated securities, but involve greater volatility of price and greater risk of loss of income and principal. The issuers of such instruments (including sovereign issuers) may face significant ongoing uncertainties and exposure to adverse conditions that may undermine the issuer s ability to make timely payment of interest and principal. Such instruments are regarded as predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal in accordance with the terms of the obligations and involve major risk exposure to adverse conditions. In addition, an economic recession could severely disrupt the market for most of these instruments and may have an adverse impact on the value of such instruments. It also is likely that any such economic downturn could adversely affect the ability of the issuers of such instruments to repay principal and pay interest thereon and increase the incidence of default for such instruments. 
 Loans Risk . The loans that the Fund may invest in include loans that are first lien, second lien or that are unsecured. In addition, the loans the Fund will invest in will usually be rated below investment grade or may also be unrated (known as junk loans). Loans are subject to a number of risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report, including credit risk, liquidity risk, below investment grade instruments risk and management risk. 
 Although certain loans in which the Fund may invest will be secured by collateral, there can be no assurance that such collateral could be readily liquidated or that the liquidation of such collateral would satisfy the borrower s obligation in the event of non-payment of scheduled interest or principal. In the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of a borrower, the Fund could experience delays or limitations with respect to its ability to realize the benefits of the collateral securing a loan. In the event of a decline in the value of the already pledged collateral, if the terms of a loan do not require the borrower to pledge additional collateral, the Fund will be exposed to the risk that the value of the collateral will not at all times equal or exceed the amount of the borrower s obligations under the loans. To the extent that a loan is collateralized by stock in the borrower or its subsidiaries, such stock may lose some or all of its value in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the borrower. Those loans that are under-collateralized involve a greater risk of loss. 
 Further, there is a risk that any collateral pledged by portfolio companies in which the Fund has taken a security interest may decrease in value over time or lose its entire value, may be difficult to sell in a timely manner, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based upon the success of the business and market conditions, including as a result of the inability of the portfolio company to raise additional capital. To the extent the Fund s debt investment is collateralized by the securities of a portfolio company s subsidiaries, such securities may lose some or all of their value in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the portfolio company. Also, in some circumstances, the Fund s security interest may be contractually or structurally subordinated to claims of other creditors. In addition, deterioration in a portfolio company s financial condition and prospects, including its inability to raise additional capital, may be accompanied by deterioration in the value of the collateral for the debt. Secured debt that is under-collateralized involves a 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 greater risk of loss. In addition, second lien debt is granted a second priority security interest in collateral, which means that any realization of collateral will generally be applied to pay senior secured debt in full before second lien debt is paid. Consequently, the fact that debt is secured does not guarantee that the Fund will receive principal and interest payments according to the debt s terms, or at all, or that the Fund will be able to collect on the debt should it be forced to enforce remedies. 
 Loans are not registered with the SEC, or any state securities commission, and are not listed on any national securities exchange. There is less readily available or reliable information about most loans than is the case for many other types of securities, including securities issued in transactions registered under the Securities Act or registered under the Exchange Act. No active trading market may exist for some loans, and some loans may be subject to restrictions on resale. A secondary market may be subject to irregular trading activity, wide bid/ask spreads and extended trade settlement periods, which may impair the ability to realize full value and thus cause a material decline in the Fund s NAV. In addition, the Fund may not be able to readily dispose of its loans at prices that approximate those at which the Fund could sell such loans if they were more widely-traded and, as a result of such illiquidity, the Fund may have to sell other investments or engage in borrowing transactions if necessary to raise cash to meet its obligations. During periods of limited supply and liquidity of loans, the Fund s yield may be lower. 
 Some loans are subject to the risk that a court, pursuant to fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws, could subordinate the loans to presently existing or future indebtedness of the borrower or take other action detrimental to lenders, including the Fund. Such court action could under certain circumstances include invalidation of loans. 
 If legislation of state or federal regulations impose additional requirements or restrictions on the ability of financial institutions to make loans, the availability of loans for investment by the Fund may be adversely affected. In addition, such requirements or restrictions could reduce or eliminate sources of financing for certain borrowers. This would increase the risk of default. 
 If legislation or federal or state regulations require financial institutions to increase their capital requirements this may cause financial institutions to dispose of loans that are considered highly levered transactions. Such sales could result in prices that, in the opinion of the Adviser, do not represent fair value. If the Fund attempts to sell a loan at a time when a financial institution is engaging in such a sale, the price the Fund could get for the loan may be adversely affected. 
 The Fund may acquire loans through assignments or participations. The Fund will typically acquire loans through assignment. The purchaser of an assignment typically succeeds to all the rights and obligations of the assigning institution and becomes a lender under the credit agreement with respect to the debt obligation; however, the purchaser s rights can be more restricted than those of the assigning institution, and the Fund may not be able to unilaterally enforce all rights and remedies under the loan and with regard to any associated collateral. 
 A participation typically results in a contractual relationship only with the institution selling the participation interest, not with the borrower. Sellers of participations typically include banks, broker-dealers, other financial institutions and lending institutions. Certain participation agreements also include the option to convert the participation to a full assignment under agreed upon circumstances. 
 In purchasing participations, the Fund generally will have no right to enforce compliance by the borrower with the terms of the loan agreement against the borrower, and the Fund may not directly benefit from the collateral supporting the debt obligation in which it has purchased the participation. As a result, the Fund will be exposed to the credit risk of both the borrower and the institution selling the participation. Further, in purchasing participations in lending syndicates, the Fund will not be able to conduct the due diligence on the borrower or the quality of the loan with respect to which it is buying a participation that the Fund would otherwise conduct if it were investing directly in the loan, which may result in the Fund being exposed to greater credit or fraud risk with respect to the borrower or the loan than the Fund expected when initially purchasing the participation. 
 The Fund also may originate loans or acquire loans by participating in the initial issuance of the loan as part of a syndicate of banks and financial institutions, or receive its interest in a loan directly from the borrower. 
 Loan Origination. The Adviser will originate loans on behalf of the Fund. The level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, necessary for successful financing to companies, particularly companies experiencing significant business and financial difficulties, is high. There can be no assurance that the Adviser and the Fund will correctly evaluate 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 the value of the assets collateralizing these loans or the prospects for successful repayment or a successful reorganization or similar action. 
 In accordance with Angelo Gordon s co-investment exemptive order, the Fund s ability to acquire loans could be dependent on the existence and performance of Angelo Gordon s origination platform, which includes other fund s managed by Angelo Gordon and enables Angelo Gordon to commit in size to multiple deals. Therefore, a decrease in Angelo Gordon s origination platform or its inability to acquire investments suitable for the Fund could reduce or possibly eliminate the ability of the Fund to participate in certain loans within the Fund s investment objective and would have a material adverse effect on the Fund s performance. Other Angelo Gordon funds could be subject to certain restrictions on the types of investments they can make, and such restrictions may in effect limit the types of investments the Fund could make to the extent that the Fund is dependent on Angelo Gordon s origination platform. 
 Loan origination involves a number of particular risks that may not exist in the case of secondary debt purchases. Angelo Gordon may have to rely more on its own resources to conduct due diligence of the borrower, and such borrower may in some circumstances present a higher credit risk and/or could not obtain debt financing in the syndicated markets. As a result, the diligence is likely to be more limited than the diligence conducted for a broadly syndicated transaction involving an underwriter. Loan origination may also involve additional regulatory risks given licensing requirements for certain types of lending in some jurisdictions, and the scope of these regulatory requirements (and certain permitted exemptions) may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may change from time to time. In addition, in originating loans, the Fund will compete with a broad spectrum of lenders, some of which may have greater financial resources than the Fund, and some of which may be willing to lend money on better terms (from a borrower s standpoint) than the Fund. Increased competition for, or a diminution in the available supply of, qualifying loans may result in lower yields on such loans, which could reduce returns to the Fund. The level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, necessary for successful financing to companies, particularly companies experiencing significant business and financial difficulties is unusually high. There is no assurance that the Adviser will correctly evaluate the value of the assets collateralizing these loans or the prospects for successful repayment or a successful reorganization or similar action. 
 Given that the Fund intends to engage in originating, lending and/or servicing loans, the Fund may therefore also be subject to state and federal regulation, borrower disclosure requirements, limits on fees and interest rates on some loans, state lender licensing requirements and other regulatory requirements in the conduct of its business as they pertain to such transactions. The Fund may also be subject to consumer disclosures and substantive requirements on consumer loan terms and other federal regulatory requirements applicable to consumer lending that are administered by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and other applicable regulatory authorities. These state and federal regulatory programs are designed to protect borrowers. 
 Senior Loans . The investment objective of the Fund includes investing in senior secured loans. As such, the assets of the Fund may include first lien senior secured debt and may also include selected second lien senior secured debt, the latter of which involves a higher degree of risk of a loss of capital. 
 The factors affecting an issuer s first and second lien loans, and its overall capital structure, are complex. Some first lien loans may not necessarily have priority over all other unsecured debt of an issuer. For example, some first lien loans may permit other secured obligations (such as overdrafts, swaps or other derivatives made available by members of the syndicate to the company), or involve first liens only on specified assets of an issuer e.g. , excluding real estate). Issuers of first lien loans may have multiple tranches of first lien debt outstanding, each with first liens on separate collateral, or may share first liens on the same collateral. Furthermore, liens with respect to primarily U.S. financings generally only cover U.S. assets, and non-U.S. assets are not included (other than, for example, where a borrower pledges a portion of the stock of first-tier non-U.S. subsidiaries). In the event of Chapter 11 filing by an issuer, the U.S. Bankruptcy Code authorizes the issuer to use a creditor s collateral and to obtain additional credit by grant of a prior lien on its property, senior even to liens that were first in priority prior to the filing, as long as the issuer provides what the presiding bankruptcy judge considers to be adequate protection, which may, but need not always, consist of the grant of replacement or additional liens or the making of cash payments to the affected secured creditor. The imposition of prior liens on the Fund s collateral would adversely affect the priority of the liens and claims held by the Fund and could adversely affect the Fund s recovery on its leveraged loans. 
 Any secured debt is secured only to the extent of its lien and only to the extent of the value of underlying assets or incremental proceeds on already secured assets. Moreover, underlying assets are subject to credit, liquidity, and interest rate risk. Although the amount and characteristics of the underlying assets selected as collateral may allow the Fund to withstand certain assumed deficiencies in payments occasioned by the borrower s default, if any deficiencies exceed such 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 assumed levels or if underlying assets are sold, it is possible that the proceeds of such sale or disposition will not be sufficient to satisfy the amount of principal and interest owing to the Fund in respect of its investment. 
 Senior secured credit facilities are generally syndicated to a number of different financial market participants. The documentation governing such facilities typically requires either a majority consent or, in certain cases, unanimous approval for certain actions in respect of the credit, such as waivers, amendments, or the exercise of remedies. In addition, voting to accept or reject the terms of a restructuring of a credit pursuant to a Chapter 11 plan of reorganization is done on a class basis. As a result of these voting regimes, the Fund may not have the ability to control any decision in respect of any amendment, waiver, exercise of remedies, restructuring or reorganization of debts owed to the Fund. 
 Senior secured loans are also subject to other risks, including: 
 (i) the possible invalidation of a debt or lien as a fraudulent conveyance 
 (ii) the recovery as a preference of liens perfected or payments made on account of a debt in the 90 days before a bankruptcy filing; 
 (iii) equitable subordination claims by other creditors; 
 (iv) lender liability claims by the portfolio company of the obligations; and 
 (v) environmental and/or other liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations. 
 Decisions in bankruptcy cases have held that a secondary loan market assignee can be denied a recovery from the debtor in a bankruptcy if a prior holder of the loans either received and does not return a preference or fraudulent conveyance, or if such prior holder engaged in conduct that would qualify for equitable subordination. 
 The Fund s investments may be subject to early redemption features, refinancing options, pre-payment options or similar provisions that, in each case, could result in the portfolio company repaying the principal on an obligation held by the Fund earlier than expected. As a consequence, the Fund s ability to achieve its investment objective may be adversely affected. 
 These risks are magnified for stretch senior loans. Stretch senior loans are senior loans that have a greater loan-to-value ratio than traditional senior loans and typically carry a higher interest rate to compensate for the additional risk. Because stretch senior loans have a greater loan-to-value ratio, there is potentially less over-collateralization available to cover the entire principal of the stretch senior loan. 
 Equity Investments . We may make investments in common and other equity securities. Although common stock has historically generated higher average total returns than fixed income securities over the long term, common stock also has experienced significantly more volatility in those returns. The equity securities we acquire may fail to appreciate and may decline in value or become worthless, and our ability to recover our investment will depend on our portfolio company s success. Investments in equity securities involve a number of significant risks. While there are many types of equity securities, prices of all equity securities will fluctuate. Any equity investment we make in a portfolio company could be subject to further dilution as a result of the issuance of additional equity interests and to serious risks as a junior security that will be subordinate to all indebtedness (including trade creditors) or other senior securities in the event that the issuer is unable to meet its obligations or becomes subject to a bankruptcy process. To the extent that the portfolio company requires additional capital and is unable to obtain it, we may not recover our investment. In some cases, equity securities in which we invest will not pay current dividends, and our ability to realize a return on our investment, as well as to recover our investment, will be dependent on the success of the portfolio company. 
 We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the equity securities of investment funds that are operating pursuant to the exceptions set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act and, to the extent we so invest, will bear our ratable share of any such company s expenses, including management and performance fees. We will also remain obligated to pay the management fee and incentive fee to the Adviser with respect to the assets invested in the securities and instruments of such companies. With respect to each of these investments, each of our common shareholders will bear his or her share of the management fee and incentive fee due to the Adviser as well as indirectly bearing the management and performance fees and other expenses of any such investment funds or advisers. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Preferred Securities. Investments in preferred securities involve certain risks. Certain preferred securities contain provisions that allow an issuer under certain conditions to skip or defer distributions. If the Fund owns a preferred security that is deferring its distribution, the Fund may be required to include the amount of the deferred distribution in its taxable income for tax purposes although it does not currently receive such amount in cash. In order to receive the special treatment accorded to RICs and their shareholders under the Code and to avoid U.S. federal income and/or excise taxes at the Fund level, the Fund may be required to distribute this income to shareholders in the tax year in which the income is recognized (without a corresponding receipt of cash). Therefore, the Fund may be required to pay out as an income distribution in any such tax year an amount greater than the total amount of cash income the Fund actually received, and to sell portfolio securities, including at potentially disadvantageous times or prices, to obtain cash needed for these income distributions. Preferred securities often are subject to legal provisions that allow for redemption in the event of certain tax or legal changes or at the issuer s call. In the event of redemption, the Fund may not be able to reinvest the proceeds at comparable rates of return. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt securities in an issuer s capital structure in terms of priority for corporate income and liquidation payments, and therefore will be subject to greater credit risk than those debt securities. Preferred securities may trade less frequently and in a more limited volume and may be subject to more abrupt or erratic price movements than many other securities, such as common stocks, corporate debt securities and U.S. government securities. 
 Non-U.S . Securities . We may invest in non-U.S. securities, which may include securities denominated in U.S. dollars or in non-U.S. currencies, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Because evidence of ownership of such securities usually is held outside the United States, we would be subject to additional risks if we invested in non-U.S. securities, which include possible adverse political and economic developments, seizure or nationalization of foreign deposits and adoption of governmental restrictions, which might adversely affect or restrict the payment of principal and interest on the non-U.S. securities to shareholders located outside the country of the issuer, whether from currency blockage or otherwise. Because non-U.S. securities may be purchased with and payable in foreign currencies, the value of these assets as measured in U.S. dollars may be affected unfavorably by changes in currency rates and exchange control regulations. 
 Subordinated Debt . Our subordinated debt investments will generally rank junior in priority of payment to senior debt and will generally be unsecured. This may result in a heightened level of risk and volatility or a loss of principal, which could lead to the loss of the entire investment. These investments may involve additional risks that could adversely affect our investment returns. To the extent interest payments associated with such debt are deferred, such debt may be subject to greater fluctuations in valuations, and such debt could subject us and our shareholders to non-cash income. Because we will not receive any principal repayments prior to the maturity of some of our subordinated debt investments, such investments will be of greater risk than amortizing loans. 
 Below Investment Grade Risk . In addition, we intend to invest in securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. They may also be difficult to value and illiquid. The major risks of below investment grade securities include: 
 Below investment grade securities may be issued by less creditworthy issuers. Issuers of below investment grade securities may have a larger amount of outstanding debt relative to their assets than issuers of investment grade securities. In the event of an issuer s bankruptcy, claims of other creditors may have priority over the claims of holders of below investment grade securities, leaving few or no assets available to repay holders of below investment grade securities. 
 Prices of below investment grade securities are subject to extreme price fluctuations. Adverse changes in an issuer s industry and general economic conditions may have a greater impact on the prices of below investment grade securities than on other higher-rated fixed-income securities. 
 Issuers of below investment grade securities may be unable to meet their interest or principal payment obligations because of an economic downturn, specific issuer developments or the unavailability of additional financing. 
 Below investment grade securities frequently have redemption features that permit an issuer to repurchase the security from us before it matures. If the issuer redeems below investment grade securities, we may have to invest the proceeds in securities with lower yields and may lose income. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Below investment grade securities may be less liquid than higher-rated fixed-income securities, even under normal economic conditions. There are fewer dealers in the below investment grade securities market, and there may be significant differences in the prices quoted by the dealers. Judgment may play a greater role in valuing these securities and we may be unable to sell these securities at an advantageous time or price. 
 We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting issuer. 
 The credit rating of a high-yield security does not necessarily address its market value risk. Ratings and market value may change from time to time, positively or negatively, to reflect new developments regarding the issuer. 
 Junior, Unsecured Securities. Our strategy may entail acquiring securities that are junior or unsecured instruments. While this approach can facilitate obtaining control and then adding value through active management, it also means that certain of the Fund s investments may be unsecured. If a portfolio company becomes financially distressed or insolvent and does not successfully reorganize, we will have no assurance (compared to those distressed securities investors that acquire only fully collateralized positions) that we will recover any of the principal that we have invested. Similarly, investments in last out pieces of unitranche loans will be similar to second lien loans in that such investments will be junior in priority to the first out piece of the same unitranche loan with respect to payment of principal, interest and other amounts. Consequently, the fact that debt is secured does not guarantee that we will receive principal and interest payments according to the debt s terms, or at all, or that we will be able to collect on the debt should it be forced to enforce its remedies. 
 While such junior or unsecured investments may benefit from the same or similar financial and other covenants as those enjoyed by the indebtedness ranking more senior to such investments and may benefit from cross-default provisions and security over the issuer s assets, some or all of such terms may not be part of particular investments. Moreover, our ability to influence an issuer s affairs, especially during periods of financial distress or following insolvency, is likely to be substantially less than that of senior creditors. For example, under typical subordination terms, senior creditors are able to block the acceleration of the junior debt or the exercise by junior debt holders of other rights they may have as creditors. Accordingly, we may not be able to take steps to protect investments in a timely manner or at all, and there can be no assurance that our rate of return objectives or any particular investment will be achieved. In addition, the debt securities in which we will invest may not be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness, may have limited liquidity and are not expected to be rated by a credit rating agency. 
 Early repayments of our investments may have a material adverse effect on our investment objectives. In addition, depending on fluctuations of the equity markets and other factors, warrants and other equity investments may become worthless. 
 There can be no assurance that attempts to provide downside protection through contractual or structural terms with respect to our investments will achieve their desired effect and potential investors should regard an investment in us as being speculative and having a high degree of risk. Furthermore, we have limited flexibility to negotiate terms when purchasing newly issued investments in connection with a syndication of mezzanine or certain other junior or subordinated investments or in the secondary market. 
 Covenant-lite Obligations . We may invest in, or obtain exposure to, obligations that may be covenant-lite, which means such obligations lack certain financial maintenance covenants. While these loans may still contain other collateral protections, a covenant-lite loan may carry more risk than a covenant-heavy loan made by the same borrower, as it does not require the borrower to provide affirmation that certain specific financial tests have been satisfied on a routine basis as is required under a covenant-heavy loan agreement. Should a loan we hold begin to deteriorate in quality, our ability to negotiate with the borrower may be delayed under a covenant-lite loan compared to a loan with full maintenance covenants. This may in turn delay our ability to seek to recover its investment. 
 Bridge Financings. From time to time, we may lend to portfolio companies on a short-term, unsecured basis or otherwise invest on an interim basis in portfolio companies in anticipation of a future issuance of equity or long-term debt securities or other refinancing or syndication. Such bridge loans would typically be convertible into a more permanent, long-term security; however, for reasons not always in the Fund s control, such long-term securities issuance or other refinancing or syndication may not occur and such bridge loans and interim investments may remain outstanding. In such event, the interest rate on such loans or the terms of such interim investments may not adequately reflect the risk associated with the position taken by the Fund. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Distressed Investments; Restructurings . The Fund may make investments in companies that subsequently become distressed e.g. , defaulted, out-of-favor or distressed bank loans and debt securities). Certain of the Fund s investments may, therefore, include specific investments in companies that become highly leveraged with significant burdens on cash flow, and, therefore, involve a high degree of financial risk. Portfolio companies may be facing liquidity challenges due to debt maturities, covenant violations, cyclical challenges or imminent bankruptcy, or they need financing in order to exit bankruptcy. The Fund s investments may be considered speculative and subject to a high degree of risk, and the ability of the relevant portfolio companies to pay their debts on schedule could be adversely affected by interest rate movements, changes in the general economic climate or the economic factors affecting a particular industry, or specific developments within such companies. Investments in companies operating in workout or bankruptcy modes also present additional legal risks, including fraudulent conveyance, voidable preference and equitable subordination risks. The level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, necessary for successful investment in companies experiencing significant business and financial difficulties is unusually high. There is no assurance that the Adviser will correctly evaluate the value of the assets collateralizing the Fund s loans or the prospects for a successful reorganization or similar action. 
 Distressed/Defaulted Securities . The Fund may invest in the securities of companies that subsequently become involved in bankruptcy proceedings, reorganizations or financial restructurings, and that may face pending covenant violations or significant debt maturities. In such a case, the Fund may have a more active participation in the affairs of such portfolio companies than is generally assumed by an investor. Such investments could, in certain circumstances, subject the Fund to certain additional potential liabilities, which may exceed the value of the Fund s original investment therein. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender who has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. Furthermore, such investments could also subject the Fund to litigation risks or prevent the Fund from disposing of securities. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to a portfolio company or an investment, the Fund may lose its entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than the Fund s original investment and/or may be required to accept payment over an extended period of time. In addition, under certain circumstances, payments to the Fund and the related distributions by the Fund to the shareholders may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment, or similar transaction under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. As more fully discussed below, in a bankruptcy or other proceeding, the Fund as a creditor may be unable to enforce its rights in any collateral or may have its security interest in any collateral challenged or disallowed, and its claims may be subordinated to the claims of other creditors. 
 The market for distressed securities is expected to be less liquid than the market for securities of companies that are not distressed. A substantial length of time may be required to liquidate investments in securities that become distressed. Furthermore, at times, a major portion of an issue of distressed securities may be held by relatively few investors, and the market may be limited to a narrow range of potential counterparties, such as other financial institutions. Under adverse market or economic conditions or in the event of adverse changes in the financial condition of the portfolio companies, the Fund may find it more difficult to sell such securities when the Adviser believes it advisable to do so or may only be able to sell such securities at a loss. The Fund may also find it more difficult to determine the fair market value of distressed securities for the purpose of computing the Fund s net asset value. In some cases, the Fund may be prohibited by contract from selling investments for a period of time. 
 Non-Performing Debt . Certain debt instruments that the Fund may invest in may be or become nonperforming and possibly in default. The obligor or relevant guarantor may also be in or enter bankruptcy or liquidation. There can be no assurance as to the amount and timing of payments, if any, with respect to any such debt instruments. 
 Loans may become non-performing for a variety of reasons and borrowers on loans constituting the Fund s assets may seek the protection afforded by bankruptcy, insolvency and other debtor relief laws. Upon a bankruptcy filing in a U.S. Bankruptcy Court by an issuer of debt, the U.S. Bankruptcy Code imposes an automatic stay on payments of such issuer s pre-petition debt. A stay on payments to be made on the assets of the Fund could adversely affect the value of those assets and the Fund itself. Other protections in such proceedings may include forgiveness of debt, the ability to create super-priority liens in favor of certain creditors of the debtor and certain well-defined claims procedures. Non-performing debt obligations may require substantial workout negotiations, restructuring or bankruptcy filings that may entail a substantial reduction in the interest rate, deferral of payments and/or a substantial write-down of the principal of a loan or conversion of some or all of the debt to equity. Insolvency laws may, in certain jurisdictions, result in a restructuring of the debt without the Fund s consent under the cramdown provisions of applicable insolvency laws and may also result in a discharge of all or part of the debt without payment to the Fund. If a portfolio company were to file for Chapter 11 reorganization, the U.S. Bankruptcy Code authorizes the issuer to restructure the terms of repayment of a class of debt, 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 even if the class fails to accept the restructuring, as long as the restructured terms are fair and equitable to the class and certain other conditions are met. 
 Such non-performing instruments or loans may also require a substantial amount of workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a substantial reduction in the interest rate and a substantial writedown of principal. It is possible that the Fund may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on collateral securing one or more loans purchased by the Fund. The foreclosure process varies jurisdiction by jurisdiction and can be lengthy and expensive. Borrowers often resist foreclosure actions, which often prolongs and complicates an already difficult and time-consuming process. In some states or other jurisdictions, foreclosure actions can take up to several years or more to conclude. During the foreclosure proceedings, a borrower may have the ability to file for bankruptcy, potentially staying the foreclosure action and further delaying the foreclosure process. Foreclosure litigation tends to create a negative public image of the collateral assets and may result in disrupting ongoing management of the company. There can be no assurance as to the amount and timing of payments, if any, with respect to any such debt instruments. 
 Nature of Mezzanine Debt and Other Junior Unsecured Securities . The Fund s strategy may include acquiring mezzanine debt, which generally will be unrated or have ratings or implied or imputed ratings below investment grade, as well as loans or securities that are junior, unsecured, equity or quasi-equity instruments. Mezzanine debt or securities are generally unsecured and/or subordinated to other obligations of the portfolio company, and tend to have greater credit and liquidity risk than that typically associated with investment grade corporate obligations. The risks associated with mezzanine debt or equity investments include a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor or in general economic conditions may adversely affect the obligor s ability to pay principal and interest on its debt. Many obligors on mezzanine debt or equity investments are highly leveraged. As such, specific developments affecting such obligors, such as reduced cash flow from operations or the inability to refinance debt at maturity, may also adversely affect such obligors ability to meet debt service obligations. Mezzanine debt or equity instruments are often issued in connection with leveraged acquisitions or recapitalizations in which the portfolio companies incur a substantially higher amount of indebtedness than the level at which they had previously operated. 
 Default rates for mezzanine debt and other junior unsecured securities have historically been higher than such rates for investment grade securities. If the Fund makes an investment that is not secured by collateral and if the portfolio company in question does not successfully reorganize, the Fund will have no assurance (as compared to those distressed securities investors that acquire only fully collateralized positions) that it will recover any of the principal that it has invested. While junior, unsecured, equity or quasi-equity investments may benefit from the same or similar financial and other covenants as those enjoyed by the indebtedness ranking more senior to such investments and may benefit from cross-default provisions and security over the portfolio company s assets, some or all of such terms may not be part of the particular investments. Moreover, the ability of the Fund to influence a portfolio company s affairs, especially during periods of financial distress or following insolvency, is likely to be substantially less than that of senior creditors. For example, under typical subordination terms, senior creditors are able to block the acceleration of the junior debt or the exercise by junior debt holders of other rights they may have as creditors. Accordingly, the Fund may not be able to take steps to protect its investments in a timely manner or at all and there can be no assurance that the return objectives of the Fund or any particular investment will be achieved. In addition, the debt securities in which the Fund may invest may not be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness, may have limited liquidity and are not expected to be rated by a credit rating agency. 
 Convertible Securities . Convertible securities are bonds, debentures, notes, preferred stocks or other securities that may be converted into or exchanged for a specified amount of common stock of the same or different portfolio company within a particular period of time at a specified price or formula. A convertible security entitles its holder to receive interest that is generally paid or accrued on debt or a dividend that is paid or accrued on preferred stock, in each case, until the convertible security matures or is redeemed, converted or exchanged. Convertible securities have unique investment characteristics in that they generally (i) have higher yields than common stocks, but lower yields than comparable non-convertible securities, (ii) are less subject to fluctuation in value than the underlying common stock due to their fixed-income characteristics and (iii) provide the potential for capital appreciation if the market price of the underlying common stock increases. 
 The value of a convertible security is a function of its investment value (determined by its yield in comparison with the yields of other securities of comparable maturity and quality that do not have a conversion privilege) and its conversion value (the security s worth, at market value, if converted into the underlying common stock). The investment value of a convertible security is influenced by changes in interest rates, with investment value declining as interest rates increase and increasing as interest rates decline. The credit standing of the portfolio company and other factors may also 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 have an effect on the convertible security s investment value. The conversion value of a convertible security is determined by the market price of the underlying common stock. If the conversion value is low relative to the investment value, the price of the convertible security is governed principally by its investment value. To the extent the market price of the underlying common stock approaches or exceeds the conversion price, the price of the convertible security will be increasingly influenced by its conversion value. A convertible security generally will sell at a premium over its conversion value by the extent to which investors place value on the right to acquire the underlying common stock while holding a fixed-income security. Generally, the amount of the premium decreases as the convertible security approaches maturity. 
 A convertible security may be subject to redemption at the option of the portfolio company at a price established in the convertible security s governing instrument. If a convertible security held by the Fund is called for redemption, the Fund will be required to permit the portfolio company to redeem the security, convert it into the underlying common stock or sell it to a third party. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on the Fund s ability to achieve its investment objective. 
 Price declines in the medium-sized U.S. corporate debt market may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio, reducing our NAV through increased net unrealized depreciation. 
 Conditions in the medium-sized U.S. corporate debt market may deteriorate, as seen during the recent financial crisis related to COVID-19, which may cause pricing levels to similarly decline or be volatile. As a result, our NAV could decline through an increase in unrealized depreciation and incurrence of realized losses in connection with the sale of our investments, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any proceeds. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company and our portfolio company may not have sufficient assets to pay all equally ranking credit even if we hold senior, first-lien debt. 
 There could be circumstances in which the Fund may not be able to control the modification, waiver or amendment of the terms and conditions of a loan agreement if a sufficient number of the other lenders act contrary to the Fund s preferences. 
 The terms and conditions of loan agreements and related assignments may be amended, modified or waived only by the agreement of the lenders. Generally, any such agreement must include a majority or a supermajority (measured by outstanding loans or commitments) or, in certain circumstances, a unanimous vote of the lenders. The Fund and the Adviser would be expected to have the authority to negotiate any amendments or modifications to the applicable agreements related to our loan investments, but even where they do not have any such authority, they may have the authority to give or withhold consent to amendments or modifications initiated and negotiated by portfolio companies or other lenders. Consequently, there could be circumstances in which the Fund may not be able to control the modification, waiver or amendment of the terms and conditions of a loan agreement if a sufficient number of the other lenders act contrary to the Fund s preferences. If the Fund invests or holds an investment through participation interests or derivative securities rather than directly, it is possible that the Fund may not be entitled to vote on any such adjustment of terms of such agreements. 
 The exercise of remedies may also be subject to the vote of a specified percentage of the lenders thereunder. The Adviser will have the authority to cause the Fund to consent to certain amendments, waivers or modifications to the investments requested by obligors or the lead agents for loan syndication agreements. The Fund may, in accordance with its investment objectives and policies, extend or defer the maturity, adjust the outstanding balance of any investment, reduce or forgive interest or fees, release material collateral or guarantees, or otherwise amend, modify or waive the terms of any related loan agreement, including the payment terms thereunder. The Fund will make such determinations in 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 accordance with its investment objectives and policies. Any amendment, waiver or modification of an investment could adversely impact the Fund s investment returns. 
 There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 If one of our portfolio companies were to file for bankruptcy, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt investment and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by us with respect to a borrower s business or instances where we exercise control over the borrower. 
 In recent years, a number of judicial decisions in the United States have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories (collectively termed lender liability ). Generally, lender liability is founded upon the premise that an institutional lender has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith and fair dealing owed to a borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in a creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or shareholders. Because of the nature of certain of the Fund s investments, the Fund could be subject to allegations of lender liability. 
 In addition, under common law principles that in some cases form the basis for lender liability claims, if a lender or bondholder: 
 (i) intentionally takes an action that results in the undercapitalization of a borrower to the detriment of other creditors of such borrower, 
 (ii) engages in other inequitable conduct to the detriment of such other creditors, 
 (iii) engages in fraud with respect to, or makes misrepresentations to, such other creditors, or 
 (iv) uses its influence as a stockholder to dominate or control a borrower to the detriment of other creditors of such borrower, a court may elect to subordinate the claim of the offending lender or bondholder to the claims of the disadvantaged creditor or creditors, a remedy called equitable subordination. 
 The Fund does not intend to engage in conduct that would form the basis for a successful cause of action based upon the equitable subordination doctrine. However, because of the nature of certain of the Fund s investments, the Fund may be subject to claims from creditors of an obligor that debt obligations of which are held by the Fund should be equitably subordinated. 
 The preceding discussion regarding lender liability is based upon principles of U.S. federal and state laws. With respect to the Fund s investments outside the United States, the laws of certain non-U.S. jurisdictions may also impose liability upon lenders or bondholders under factual circumstances similar to those described above, with consequences that may or may not be analogous to those described above under U.S. federal and state laws. 
 We generally will not control our portfolio companies and, due to the illiquid nature of our holdings in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our interests in our portfolio companies. 
 We do not expect to control most of our portfolio companies, even though we may have board representation or board observation rights, and our debt agreements with such portfolio companies may contain certain restrictive covenants. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest may make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of the portfolio company s common equity, may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Due to the lack of liquidity for our investments, we may not be able to dispose of our interests in portfolio companies as readily as we would like or at an appropriate valuation. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our portfolio holdings. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 We will be exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments and investment opportunities and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective and the targeted rate of return on invested capital. Because we may borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we may borrow funds and the rate at which we may invest these funds. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 Our debt investments may be based on floating interest rates, such as SOFR, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate, that reset on a periodic basis, and that many of our investments will be subject to interest rate floors. A reduction in the interest rates on new investments relative to interest rates on current investments could have an adverse impact on our net investment income, which also could be negatively impacted by our borrowers making prepayments on their loans. On the other hand, an increase in interest rates could increase the interest repayment obligations of our borrowers and result in challenges to their financial performance and ability to repay their obligations. In addition, our cost of funds likely will increase because the interest rates on the majority of amounts we may borrow are likely to be floating, which could reduce our net investment income to the extent any debt investments have fixed interest rates, and the interest rate on investments with an interest rate floor will not increase until interest rates exceed the applicable floor. 
 Trading prices for debt that pays a fixed rate of return tend to fall as interest rates rise. Trading prices tend to fluctuate more for fixed-rate securities that have longer maturities. Moreover, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make investment in our Common Shares less attractive if we are not able to increase our dividend rate, which could reduce the value of our Common Shares. Federal Reserve policy, including with respect to certain interest rates and the decision to end its quantitative easing policy, may also adversely affect the value, volatility and liquidity of dividend- and interest-paying securities. Market volatility, rising interest rates and/or a return to unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 
 We may enter into certain hedging transactions, such as interest rate swap agreements, in an effort to mitigate our exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates and we may increase our floating rate investments to position the portfolio for rate increases. However, we cannot assure shareholders that such transactions will be successful in mitigating our exposure to interest rate risk or if we will enter into such interest rate hedges. Hedging transactions may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio investments. See Risks Related to Our Investments We may acquire various financial instruments for purposes of hedging or reducing our risks, which may be costly and ineffective and could reduce our cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 While we typically expect our investments to have maturities between three and five years, we do not have a policy governing the maturities of our investments. This means that, if the maturities of our investments vary from our general expectation, we may be subject to greater risk (other things being equal) than a fund invested solely in shorter-term securities. A decline in the prices of the debt we own could adversely affect our net asset value. 
 To the extent that we make floating rate debt investments, a rise in the general level of interest rates would lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates may result in an increase in the amount of the incentive fee payable to the Adviser. 
 Any inaccuracy, incompleteness or breach of covenants by a portfolio company may adversely affect the valuation of the collateral underlying the loans or the ability of the lenders to perfect or effectuate a lien on the collateral securing the loan or the Fund s ability to otherwise realize on or avoid losses in respect of the investment. 
 The Fund will seek to make or acquire portfolio investments having structural, covenant and other contractual terms providing adequate downside protection, but there can be no assurance that such attempts to provide downside protection with respect to its investments will achieve their desired effect, and, accordingly, potential investors should regard an investment in the Fund as being speculative and having a high degree of risk. For example, there is the possibility, in making or acquiring a loan or other investment, of material misrepresentation or omission on the part of the portfolio investment seller, the portfolio company, a borrower or other credit support providers, or breach of covenant by any such parties. Such inaccuracy or incompleteness or breach of covenants may adversely affect the valuation of the collateral underlying the loans or the ability of the lenders or the Fund to perfect or effectuate a lien on the collateral securing the loan or the Fund s ability to otherwise realize on or avoid losses in respect of the investment. The Fund will rely upon the 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 accuracy and completeness of representations made by any such parties to the extent reasonable, but cannot guarantee such accuracy or completeness. Under certain circumstances, payments to the Fund may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance or a preferential payment. 
 Second priority liens on collateral securing debt investments that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and us. 
 Certain debt investments that we make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing first priority debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the debt obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the debt obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the company s remaining assets, if any. 
 The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the debt investments we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under such an intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; the approval of amendments to collateral documents; releases of liens on the collateral; and waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. 
 We may also make unsecured debt investments in portfolio companies, meaning that such investments will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured debt agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before we are so entitled. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy its unsecured debt obligations after payment in full of all secured debt obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured debt obligations, then its unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 The portfolio investments in which the Fund invests and Angelo Gordon s portfolio companies will be subject to various laws for the protection of creditors in the jurisdictions of the portfolio companies concerned. 
 Differences in law may adversely affect the rights of the Fund as a lender with respect to other creditors. Additionally, the Fund, as a creditor, may experience less favorable treatment under different insolvency regimes than those that apply in the United States, including in cases where the Fund seeks to enforce any security it may hold as a creditor. 
 Limited amortization requirements may extend the expected weighted average life of the investment. 
 The Fund may invest in loans that have limited mandatory amortization requirements. While these loans may obligate a portfolio company to repay the loan out of asset sale proceeds or with annual excess cash flow, repayment requirements may be subject to substantial limitations that would allow a portfolio company to retain such asset sale proceeds or cash flow, thereby extending the expected weighted average life of the investment. In addition, a low level of 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 amortization of any debt over the life of the investment may increase the risk that the portfolio company will not be able to repay or refinance the loans held by the Fund when it matures. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and adversely affect our operating results. 
 The companies in which we intend to invest may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our debt investments during these periods. Recent inflationary pressure and rising interest rates have and may continue to disrupt economic markets. In the past, instability in the global capital markets resulted in disruptions in liquidity in the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated credit market and the failure of major domestic and international financial institutions. In particular, in past periods of instability, the financial services sector was negatively impacted by significant write-offs as the value of the assets held by financial firms declined, impairing their capital positions and abilities to lend and invest. In addition, continued uncertainty surrounding the implementation of trade deals between Britain and the European Union following the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union and uncertainty between the United States and other countries, including China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, and tariffs, among other factors, have caused disruption in the global markets. There can be no assurance that market conditions will not worsen in the future. 
 In an economic downturn, we may have non-performing assets or non-performing assets are likely to increase, and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of any collateral securing our senior secured debt. A prolonged recession may further decrease the value of such collateral and result in losses of value in our portfolio and a decrease in our revenues, net income and NAV. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us on terms we deem acceptable. These events could prevent us from making or increasing investments and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our ability to successfully implement the Fund s strategy is dependent in part on the extent of market dislocation impacting the global credit markets. 
 Implementation of the Fund s investment strategy will depend, in part, on the extent to which the global credit markets continue to experience disruption, liquidity shortages and financial instability. Prolonged disruption may prevent the Fund from advantageously realizing on or disposing of its investments. A further economic down-turn could adversely affect the financial resources and credit quality of the underlying portfolio companies of any debt instruments in which the Fund may invest and result in the inability of such borrowers to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, outstanding debt when due. In the event of such defaults, the Fund may suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in such companies, which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Fund s returns. Any such defaults may have an adverse effect on the Fund s investments. Such marketplace events also may restrict the ability of the Fund to sell or liquidate investments at favorable times or for favorable prices (although such marketplace events may not foreclose the Fund s ability to hold such investments until maturity). Further, the Fund s investment strategy may be impacted in part by changes in the conditions in the global financial markets generally and credit markets specifically. In the event of a further market deterioration, the value of the Fund s investments may not appreciate as projected or may suffer a loss. 
 A covenant breach or other default by our portfolio companies may adversely affect our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, lenders in certain cases can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them when they become too involved in the borrower s business or exercise control over a borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, including as a result of actions taken if we render significant managerial assistance to the borrower. Furthermore, if one of our portfolio companies were to file for bankruptcy protection, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to claims of other creditors, even though we may have structured our investment as senior secured debt. The likelihood of such a re-characterization would depend on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 
 Some of our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged, which may have adverse consequences to these companies and to us as an investor. These companies may be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and the leverage may impair these companies ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. Further, a leveraged company s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used. 
 Risks related to potential failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies. 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments in order to, among other reasons: 
 increase or maintain in whole or in part our equity ownership percentage; 
 exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or 
 attempt to preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 
 We will have the discretion to make any follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources, and we may elect not to make follow-on investments or otherwise lack sufficient funds to make such investments. The failure to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, we prefer other investment opportunities or we are inhibited by compliance with BDC or RIC status requirements, including the maintenance of such statuses. 
 We may not realize gains from our equity investments. 
 Certain investments that we may make could include warrants or other equity securities. In addition, we may make direct equity investments in portfolio companies. Our goal is ultimately to realize gains upon our disposition of such equity interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying equity interests. We intend to seek puts or similar rights to give us the right to sell our equity securities back to the portfolio company issuer. We may be unable to exercise these put rights for the consideration provided in our investment documents if the issuer is in financial distress. 
 An investment strategy focused primarily on privately-held companies presents certain challenges, including, but not limited to, the lack of available information about these companies. 
 We invest primarily in privately-held companies, including making loans to such private companies. Investments in private companies pose significantly greater risks than investments in more established and/or public companies. First, private companies have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to withstand financial distress, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding indebtedness upon maturity. Second, the depth and breadth of experience of management in private companies tends to be less than that at public companies, which makes such companies more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a smaller group of persons and/or persons with less depth and breadth of experience. Therefore, the decisions made by such management teams and/or the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our investments and, in turn, on us. Third, the investments themselves tend to be less liquid. As such, we may have difficulty exiting an investment promptly or at a desired price prior to maturity or outside of a normal amortization schedule. As a result, the relative lack of liquidity and the potential diminished capital resources of our target portfolio companies may affect our investment returns. Fourth, little public information generally exists about private companies. Further, these companies may not have third-party debt ratings or audited financial statements. We must therefore rely on the ability of the Adviser to obtain adequate information through due diligence to evaluate the creditworthiness and 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 potential returns from investing in these companies. The Adviser would typically assess an investment in a portfolio company based on the Adviser s estimate of the portfolio company s earnings and enterprise value, among other things, and these estimates may be based on limited information and may otherwise be inaccurate, causing the Adviser to make different investment decisions than it may have made with more complete information. These companies and their financial information will generally not be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, due to a lack of available information or otherwise, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. 
 Our investments in securities or assets of publicly-traded companies are subject to the risks inherent in investing in public securities. 
 We may invest a portion of our portfolio in publicly-traded assets. With such public securities investments, it is not expected that we will be able to negotiate additional financial covenants or other contractual rights, which we might otherwise be able to obtain in making privately negotiated investments. In addition, by investing in publicly-traded securities or assets, we will be subject to U.S. federal and state securities laws, as well as non-U.S. securities laws, that may, among other things, restrict or prohibit our ability to make or sell an investment. Moreover, we may not have the same access to information in connection with investments in public securities, either when investigating a potential investment or after making an investment, as compared to privately negotiated investments. Furthermore, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments in public securities because Angelo Gordon may be deemed to have material, non-public information regarding the issuers of those securities or as a result of other internal policies. The inability to sell public securities in these circumstances could materially adversely affect our investment results. In addition, an investment may be sold by us to a public company where the consideration received is a combination of cash and stock of the public company, which may, depending on the securities laws of the relevant jurisdiction, be subject to lock-up periods. 
 A lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We generally invest in companies whose securities are not publicly-traded or actively traded on the secondary market, and whose securities are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly-traded securities. Additionally, as an affiliate of Angelo Gordon, the Adviser is not permitted to obtain or use material non-public information in effecting purchases and sales in public securities transactions for us, which could create an additional limitation on the liquidity of our investments. The illiquidity of certain of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded these investments. The reduced liquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to dispose of them at a favorable price, and, as a result, we may suffer losses. Moreover, investments purchased by us that are liquid at the time of purchase may subsequently become illiquid due to events relating to the issuer, market events, economic conditions or investor perceptions. 
 Our investments may include original issue discount and payment-in-kind instruments. 
 To the extent that we invest in original issue discount OID or payment-in-kind PIK instruments and the accretion of OID or PIK interest income constitutes a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with the requirement to include such non-cash income in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 
 the higher interest rates on PIK instruments reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans; 
 OID and PIK instruments may have unreliable valuations because the accruals require judgments about collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral; 
 an election to defer PIK interest payments by adding them to the principal on such instruments increases our future investment income which increases our net assets and, as such, increases the Adviser s future base management fees which, thus, increases the Adviser s future income incentive fees at a compounding rate; 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 market prices of PIK instruments and other zero coupon instruments are affected to a greater extent by interest rate changes, and may be more volatile than instruments that pay interest periodically in cash. While PIK instruments are usually less volatile than zero coupon debt instruments, PIK instruments are generally more volatile than cash pay securities; 
 the deferral of PIK interest on an instrument increases the loan-to-value ratio, which is a measure of the riskiness of a loan, with respect to such instrument; 
 even if the conditions for income accrual under GAAP are satisfied, a borrower could still default when actual payment is due upon the maturity of such loan; 
 the required recognition of OID or PIK interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes may have a negative impact on liquidity, as it represents a non-cash component of our investment company taxable income that may require cash distributions to shareholders in order to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC; and 
 OID may create a risk of non-refundable cash payments to the Adviser based on non-cash accruals that may never be realized. 
 The prices of the debt instruments and other securities in which we invest may decline substantially. 
 For reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth herein (for example, supply/demand imbalances or other market forces), the prices of the debt instruments and other securities may decline substantially. In particular, purchasing debt instruments or other assets at what may appear to be undervalued or discounted levels is no guarantee that these assets will not be trading at even lower levels at a time of valuation or at the time of sale, if applicable. It may not be possible to predict, or to hedge against, such spread widening risk. Additionally, the perceived discount in pricing from previous environments described herein may still not reflect the true value of the assets underlying debt instruments in which the Fund invests. 
 We may from time to time enter into credit default swaps or other derivative transactions which expose us to certain risks, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and other risks similar to those associated with the use of leverage. 
 We may from time to time enter into credit default swaps or other derivative transactions that seek to modify or replace the investment performance of a particular reference security or other asset. These transactions are typically individually negotiated, non-standardized agreements between two parties to exchange payments, with payments generally calculated by reference to a notional amount or quantity. Swap contracts and similar derivative contracts are not traded on exchanges; rather, banks and dealers act as principals in these markets. These investments may present risks in excess of those resulting from the referenced security or other asset. Because these transactions are not an acquisition of the referenced security or other asset itself, the investor has no right directly to enforce compliance with the terms of the referenced security or other asset and has no voting or other consensual rights of ownership with respect to the referenced security or other asset. In the event of insolvency of a counterparty, we will be treated as a general creditor of the counterparty and will have no claim of title with respect to the referenced security or other asset. 
 A credit default swap is a contract in which one party buys or sells protection against a credit event with respect to an issuer, such as an issuer s failure to make timely payments of interest or principal on its debt obligations, bankruptcy or restructuring during a specified period. Generally, if we sell credit protection using a credit default swap, we will receive fixed payments from the swap counterparty and if a credit event occurs with respect to the applicable issuer, we will pay the swap counterparty par for the issuer s defaulted debt securities and the swap counterparty will deliver the defaulted debt securities to us. Generally, if we buy credit protection using a credit default swap, we will make fixed payments to the counterparty and if a credit event occurs with respect to the applicable issuer, we will deliver the issuer s defaulted securities underlying the swap to the swap counterparty and the counterparty will pay us par for the defaulted securities. Alternatively, a credit default swap may be cash settled and the buyer of protection would receive the difference between the par value and the market value of the issuer s defaulted debt securities from the seller of protection. 
 Credit default swaps are subject to the credit risk of the underlying issuer. If we are selling credit protection, there is a risk that we will not properly assess the risk of the underlying issuer, a credit event will occur and we will have to pay the counterparty. If we are buying credit protection, there is a risk that we will not properly assess the risk of the underlying issuer, no credit event will occur and we will receive no benefit for the premium paid. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 A derivative transaction is also subject to the risk that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations thereunder or that we will not be able to meet our obligations to the counterparty. In some cases, we may post collateral to secure our obligations to the counterparty, and we may be required to post additional collateral upon the occurrence of certain events such as a decrease in the value of the reference security or other asset. In some cases, the counterparty may not collateralize any of its obligations to us. Derivative investments effectively add leverage to a portfolio by providing investment exposure to a security or market without owning or taking physical custody of such security or investing directly in such market. In addition to the risks described above, such arrangements are subject to risks similar to those associated with the use of leverage. See Risks Related to Debt Financing. 
 We may acquire various financial instruments for purposes of hedging or reducing our risks, which may be costly and ineffective and could reduce our cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 We may seek to hedge against interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations and credit risk by using financial instruments such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. These financial instruments may be purchased on exchanges or may be individually negotiated and traded in over-the-counter markets. Use of such financial instruments for hedging purposes may present significant risks, including the risk of loss of the amounts invested. Defaults by the other party to a hedging transaction can result in losses in the hedging transaction. Hedging activities also involve the risk of an imperfect correlation between the hedging instrument and the asset being hedged, which could result in losses both on the hedging transaction and on the instrument being hedged. Use of hedging activities may not prevent significant losses and could increase our losses. Further, hedging transactions may reduce cash available to pay distributions to our shareholders. 
 Our investments in the healthcare and pharmaceutical services industry sector are subject to extensive federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations and certain other risks particular to that industry. 
 We invest in healthcare and pharmaceutical services. Our investments in portfolio companies that operate in this sector are subject to certain significant risks particular to that industry. The laws and rules governing the business of healthcare companies and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change. Broad latitude is given to the agencies administering those regulations. Existing or future laws and rules could subject our portfolio companies engaged in healthcare to potential government inquiries, investigations and/or enforcement proceedings, and ultimately incur civil, criminal and administrative sanctions, including, without limitation, fines, penalties and exclusion from government programs. The application of such laws and regulations can also force these companies to change how they do business, restrict revenue, increase costs, change reserve levels and change business practices. Healthcare companies often must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of their products, change prices for certain regulated products and consummate some of their acquisitions and divestitures. Delays in obtaining or failing to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce revenue or increase costs. Policy changes on the local, state and federal level, such as the expansion of the government s role in the healthcare arena and alternative assessments and tax increases specific to the healthcare industry or healthcare products as part of federal health care reform initiatives, could fundamentally change the dynamics of the healthcare industry. In particular, as health insurance reform such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, has had a significant effect on companies in this industry sector, other current and future health insurance initiatives may force our portfolio companies in this industry sector to change how they do business. We can give no assurance that these portfolio companies will be able to adapt successfully to these changes. Any of these factors could materially adversely affect the operations of a portfolio company in this industry sector and, in turn, impair our ability to timely collect principal and interest payments owed to us. 
 Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 
 We are subject to the risk that the investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, we will generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in new portfolio companies. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment in a new portfolio company may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments, net of prepayment fees, could negatively impact our return on equity. This risk will be more acute when interest rates decrease, as we may be unable to reinvest at rates as favorable as when we made our initial investment. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Technological innovations and industry disruptions could adversely impact our business. 
 Current trends in the market generally have been toward disrupting a traditional approach to an industry with technological innovation, and multiple young companies have been successful where this trend toward disruption in markets and market practices has been critical to their success. In this period of rapid technological and commercial innovation, new businesses and approaches may be created that will compete with the Fund and/or its investments or alter the market practices the Fund s strategy has been designed to function within and depend on for investment returns. Any of these new approaches could damage the Fund s investments, significantly disrupt the market in which it operates and subject it to increased competition, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of investments. 
 We may not be successful in the syndication of co-investments. 
 From time to time, the Fund may make an investment with the expectation of offering a portion of its interests therein as a co-investment opportunity to third-party investors. There can be no assurance that the Fund will be successful in syndicating any such co-investment, in whole or in part, that the closing of such co-investment will be consummated in a timely manner, that any syndication will take place on terms and conditions that will be preferable for the Fund or that expenses incurred by the Fund with respect to any such syndication will not be substantial. In the event that the Fund is not successful in syndicating any such co-investment, in whole or in part, the Fund may consequently hold a greater concentration and have more exposure in the related investment than initially was intended, which could make the Fund more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic and/or business conditions with respect thereto. Moreover, an investment by the Fund that is not syndicated to co-investors as originally anticipated could significantly reduce the Fund s overall investment returns. 
 We invest in middle market companies, including lower middle market companies, which involves a number of significant risks, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Investments in middle market companies, including lower middle market companies, involve the same risks that apply generally to investments in larger, more established companies. However, such investments have more pronounced risks in that middle market companies: 
 may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing on any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 
 have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tends to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and changing market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 
 are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 
 generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers, Trustees and members of the Adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; and 
 may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to repay their outstanding indebtedness upon maturity. 
 The Fund may be affected by global climate change. 
 Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. There is increasing concern that a gradual rise in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 patterns around the globe, an increase in the frequency, severity, and duration of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters, and water scarcity and poor water quality. These events could adversely impact our portfolio companies and, more generally, disrupt the operation of supply chains, increase production costs and impose capacity restraints globally. These events could also compound adverse economic conditions and impact consumer confidence and governmental budgets. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our portfolio companies and the results of our operations. 

Risks Related to the Adviser and Its Affiliates; Conflicts of Interest 
 The Adviser and its affiliates, including our officers and some of our Trustees, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates receive substantial fees from us in return for their services, and these fees could influence the advice provided to us. We pay to the Adviser an incentive fee that is based on the performance of our portfolio and an annual base management fee that is based on the value of our net assets as of the beginning of the first business day of the applicable month. Because the incentive fee is based on the performance of our portfolio, the Adviser may be incentivized to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangement. The way in which the incentive fee is determined may also encourage the Adviser to use leverage to increase the return on our investments. Our compensation arrangements could therefore result in our making riskier or more speculative investments than would otherwise be the case. This could result in higher investment losses, particularly during cyclical economic downturns. Further, since the Adviser has been designated valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act and management fees are paid on net assets, the Adviser may be incentivized to determine a higher fair value than would otherwise be determined by the Board of Trustees, which is majority independent. 
 We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio. 
 Our Advisory Agreement entitles the Adviser to receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns regardless of any capital losses. In such case, we may be required to pay the Adviser incentive compensation for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or if we incur a net loss for that quarter. 
 In addition, any Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns may be computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest, it is possible that accrued interest previously included in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. The Adviser is not under any obligation to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it received that was based on accrued income that we never received as a result of a default by an entity on the obligation that resulted in the accrual of such income, and such circumstances would result in our paying an incentive fee on income we never received. 
 There may be conflicts of interest related to Angelo Gordon and the Adviser s allocation of investment opportunities. 
 Investment opportunities may be appropriate for different investment vehicles or accounts managed by Angelo Gordon. The overarching Angelo Gordon allocation procedures will typically allocate investment opportunities between the Fund and such other investment vehicles and accounts on a basis deemed to be fair and equitable over time, taking into account a number of factors, such as terms and conditions of the investment vehicles or accounts and investment objectives and strategies. Moreover, in the case of vehicles that have the same investment objective or an overlapping investment objective but have an expected larger borrowing capacity, such vehicles are expected to generally be able to acquire a greater proportion of each investment than vehicles that have no such borrowing capacity. Accordingly, application of the allocation methodology can result in a priority for certain investment vehicles or accounts. In addition, because the decision to pursue an investment opportunity and whether an investment is suitable for the Fund lies within our Adviser s discretion, it is possible that the Fund may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by other investment vehicles or accounts. Our Adviser will evaluate a variety of factors that may be relevant in determining whether a particular investment opportunity or strategy is appropriate and feasible for the Fund or the relevant investment vehicle or account at a particular time. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 We may participate in certain transactions originated by the Adviser or its affiliates under our exemptive relief from the SEC that allows us to engage in co-investment transactions with the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. However, while the terms of the exemptive relief require that the Adviser will be given the opportunity to cause us to participate in certain transactions originated by affiliates of the Adviser, the Adviser may determine that we not participate in those transactions and for certain other transactions (as set forth in guidelines approved by the Board) the Adviser may not have the opportunity to cause us to participate. 
 There may be conflicts of interest related to obligations that the Adviser s senior management and Investment Team have to other clients. 
 The members of the senior management and Investment Team of the Adviser serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds managed by the same personnel. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in our best interests or in the best interest of our shareholders. Our investment objective may overlap with the investment objectives of such investment funds, accounts or other investment vehicles. In particular, we will rely on the Adviser to manage our day-to-day activities and to implement our investment strategy. The Adviser and certain of its affiliates are presently, and plan in the future to continue to be, involved with activities that are unrelated to us. As a result of these activities, the Adviser, its officers and employees and certain of its affiliates will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between us and other activities in which they are or may become involved, including the management of its affiliated equipment funds. The Adviser and its officers and employees will devote only as much of its or their time to our business as the Adviser and its officers and employees, in their judgment, determine is reasonably required, which may be substantially less than their full time. 
 We rely, in part, on the Adviser to assist with identifying investment opportunities and making investment recommendations to the Adviser. The Adviser and its affiliates are not restricted from forming additional investment funds, entering into other investment advisory relationships or engaging in other business activities. These activities could be viewed as creating a conflict of interest in that the time and effort of the members of the Adviser, its affiliates and their officers and employees will not be devoted exclusively to our business, but will be allocated between us and such other business activities of the Adviser and its affiliates in a manner that the Adviser deems necessary and appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, members of the senior management and Investment Team of the Adviser and the Adviser itself will devote such time to the Fund, generally, as the Adviser, its senior management and Investment Team, in their judgment, determine is reasonably required and sufficient. 
 The time and resources that individuals employed by the Adviser devote to us may be diverted and we may face additional competition due to the fact that individuals employed by the Adviser are not prohibited from raising money for or managing other entities that make the same types of investments that we target. 
 The Adviser and individuals employed by the Adviser or its affiliates are not prohibited from raising capital for and managing other investment entities that make the same types of investments as those we target. As a result, the time and resources that these individuals may devote to us may be diverted. In addition, we may compete with any such investment entity for the same investors and investment opportunities. Affiliates of the Adviser, whose primary business includes the origination of investments or investing in non-originated assets, engage in investment advisory business with accounts that compete with us. 
 Our shares may be purchased by the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates expect to purchase our shares. The Adviser and its affiliates will not acquire any shares with the intention to resell or re-distribute such shares. The purchase of shares by the Adviser and its affiliates could create certain risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 the Adviser and its affiliates may have an interest in disposing of our assets at an earlier date so as to recover their investment in our shares; and 
 substantial purchases of shares by the Adviser and its affiliates may limit the Adviser s ability to fulfill any financial obligations that it may have to us or incurred on our behalf. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The Adviser relies on key personnel, the loss of any of whom could impair its ability to successfully manage us. 
 Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of the officers and employees of the Adviser or its affiliates. The loss of services of one or more members of the Adviser s management team, including members of the Investment Committee, could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. The Adviser does not have an employment agreement with any of these key personnel and we cannot guarantee that all, or any particular one, will remain affiliated with us and/or the Adviser. Further, we do not intend to separately maintain key person life insurance on any of these individuals. 
 Risks related to limited liability and indemnification of the Adviser and its affiliates under the Advisory Agreement. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser, its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, and any person controlling or controlled by the Adviser will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our Trustees, our shareholders or any subsidiary s shareholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to us under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser and each of its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser, from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 

Risks Related to Business Development Companies 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act described as qualifying assets Qualifying Assets ), unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are Qualifying Assets. Therefore, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not Qualifying Assets. Conversely, if we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in Qualifying Assets, we could lose our status as a BDC, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making additional investments in existing portfolio companies, which could result in the dilution of our position, or could require us to dispose of investments at an inopportune time to comply with the 1940 Act. If we were forced to sell non-qualifying investments in the portfolio for compliance purposes, the proceeds from such sale could be significantly less than the current value of such investments. 
 Failure to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 
 If we do not remain a BDC, we might be regulated as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act, which would subject us to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act, including a greater required asset coverage ratio and additional restrictions on transactions with affiliates, and correspondingly decrease our operating flexibility. 
 For example, we intend to employ leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of the Adviser. Such leverage may arise in the form of borrowings, including loans from certain financial institutions, the issuance of multiple classes of debt securities (both unsecured and secured), and other forms of financial indebtedness. As a BDC, the 1940 Act allows us to borrow up to 2 for every 1 of equity, or an asset coverage ratio of 150 , if certain requirements are met under the 1940 Act. However, if we are regulated as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act, we would be subject to asset coverage ratio requirements of 300 for the issuance of debt securities, meaning that for every 1 of debt issued, we would need to have 3 of total assets immediately after such issuance. Such regulations would restrict our ability to execute our investment strategy and thereby reduce our operating flexibility. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Further, as a BDC, we are able to pay our Adviser both a base management fee and incentive fee on income and capital gains as compensation for its efforts. If we were to become regulated as a registered closed-end investment company, we could not pay our Adviser an incentive fee on capital gains unless we restricted sales of our shares to qualified clients under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 Advisers Act ). Such a compensation structure could have the effect of de-incentivizing our Adviser in its efforts to seek and retain the best investment opportunities for us in fulfillment of our strategy. 
 Finally, as a BDC, we retain greater flexibility to engage in transactions with our affiliates in alignment with the provisions set forth in Section 57 of the 1940 Act. If we were to become regulated as a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to the provisions governing transactions with affiliates set forth in Section 17 of the 1940 Act, including prohibitions on transactions with affiliates of our Adviser absent an exemptive order from the SEC. These restrictions would limit our ability to effectuate our investment strategy and potentially hinder our operations and, in turn, our results. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. 
 As a result of the annual distribution requirement to qualify as a RIC, we may need to periodically access the capital markets to raise cash to fund new investments. We may issue senior securities, as defined under the 1940 Act, including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions only in amounts such that our asset coverage meets the threshold set forth in the 1940 Act immediately after each such issuance. The 1940 Act currently requires an asset coverage of at least 150 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed two-thirds of the value of our assets). Our ability to issue different types of securities is also limited. Compliance with these requirements may unfavorably limit our investment opportunities and reduce our ability in comparison to other companies to profit from favorable spreads between the rates at which we can borrow and the rates at which we can lend. As a BDC, therefore, we intend to continuously issue equity at a rate more frequent than our privately- owned competitors, which may lead to greater shareholder dilution. 
 We expect to borrow for investment purposes. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test, which would prohibit us from paying distributions and could prevent us from qualifying as a RIC. If we cannot satisfy the asset coverage test, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our debt financing, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we generally are prohibited from issuing or selling our shares at a price per share, after deducting selling commissions, that is below our NAV per share, which may be a disadvantage as compared with other public companies. We may, however, sell our shares, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our shares, at a price below the current NAV of our shares if our Board of Trustees, including our Independent Trustees, determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, and our shareholders, as well as those shareholders that are not affiliated with us, approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board of Trustees, closely approximates the fair value of such securities. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates is restricted. 
 We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain principal and joint transactions with certain of our affiliates without the prior approval of a majority of the independent members of our Board of Trustees and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act and generally we will be prohibited from buying or selling any securities from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of our Board of Trustees. However, we may under certain circumstances purchase any such affiliate s loans or securities in the secondary market, which could create a conflict for the Adviser between our interests and the interests of such affiliate, in that the ability of the Adviser to recommend actions in our best interest may be limited. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or closely related times), without prior approval of our Board of Trustees and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25 of our voting securities, we will be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such person or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions (including certain co-investments) with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers, Trustees, investment advisers, sub-advisers or their affiliates. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any fund or any portfolio company of a fund managed by the Adviser, or entering into joint arrangements such as certain co- 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 investments with these companies or funds without the prior approval of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 We have obtained exemptive relief from the SEC that allows us to engage in co-investment transactions with the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. However, while the terms of the exemptive relief require that the Adviser will be given the opportunity to cause us to participate in certain transactions originated by affiliates of the Adviser, the Adviser may determine that we not participate in those transactions and for certain other transactions (as set forth in guidelines approved by the Board of Trustees) the Adviser may not have the opportunity to cause us to participate. 
 We are uncertain of our sources for funding our future capital needs; if we cannot obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, our ability to acquire investments and to expand our operations will be adversely affected. 
 The net proceeds from the sale of shares will be used for our investment opportunities, operating expenses and for payment of various fees and expenses such as base management fees, incentive fees and other expenses. Any working capital reserves we maintain may not be sufficient for investment purposes, and we may require debt or equity financing to operate. Accordingly, in the event that we develop a need for additional capital in the future for investments or for any other reason, these sources of funding may not be available to us. Consequently, if we cannot obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, our ability to acquire investments and to expand our operations will be adversely affected. As a result, we would be less able to create and maintain a broad portfolio of investments and achieve our investment objective, which may negatively impact our results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. Under the 1940 Act, a diversified investment company is required to invest at least 75 of the value of its total assets in cash and cash items, government securities, securities of other investment companies and other securities limited in respect of any one issuer to an amount not greater than 5 of the value of the total assets of such company and no more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer. As a non-diversified investment company, we are not subject to this requirement. However, we will be subject to the diversification requirements applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, or within a particular industry, our NAV may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company or to a general downturn in the economy. 
 As a BDC, we are subject to limitations on the ability to use derivatives and other transactions creating future payment or delivery obligations. 
 In November 2020, the SEC adopted a rulemaking regarding the ability of a BDC (or a registered investment company) to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations (except reverse repurchase agreements and similar financing transactions), which may in turn limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. Under the newly adopted rules, BDCs that use derivatives will be subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program and testing requirements, and requirements related to board reporting. These requirements will apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under the adopted rules, and may limit our ability to take advantage of derivatives and certain other financial contracts. 
 Under the new rule, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement that is not a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. 

Risks Related to Debt Financing 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 When we borrow money, the potential for loss on amounts invested in us will be magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowed money may also adversely affect the return on our assets, reduce cash available for distribution to our shareholders and result in losses. 
 The use of borrowings, also known as leverage, increases the volatility of investments by magnifying the potential for loss on invested equity capital. The use of leverage involves increased risk, including increased variability of the Fund s net income, distributions and NAV in relation to market changes. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause NAV to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. In addition, our shareholders bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of our use of leverage, including interest expenses and any increase in the management or incentive fees payable to the Adviser. 
 We use and expect to continue to use leverage to finance our investments. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on the Adviser s and our Board of Trustees assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. There can be no assurance that leveraged financing will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. However, to the extent that we use leverage to finance our assets, our financing costs will reduce cash available for distributions to shareholders. Moreover, we may not be able to meet our financing obligations and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. In such an event, we may be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices due to market conditions or otherwise, which may result in losses. 
 As a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred shares that we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . If this ratio were to fall below 150 , we could not incur additional debt and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is disadvantageous to do so. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations and investment activities. Moreover, our ability to make distributions to shareholders may be significantly restricted or we may not be able to make any such distributions whatsoever. The amount of leverage that we will employ will be subject to oversight by our Board of Trustees, a majority of whom are Independent Trustees with no material interests in such transactions. 
 Although borrowings by the Fund have the potential to enhance overall returns that exceed the Fund s cost of funds, they will further diminish returns (or increase losses on capital) to the extent overall returns are less than the Fund s cost of funds. In addition, borrowings by the Fund may be secured by the shareholders investments as well as by the Fund s assets and the documentation relating to such borrowing may provide that during the continuance of a default under such borrowing, the interests of the investors may be subordinated to such borrowing. 
 Our credit facilities impose financial and operating covenants that restrict our business activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our status as a regulated investment company. A failure to renew our facilities or to add new or replacement debt facilities or issue debt securities or other evidences of indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information regarding our borrowings. 
 We may default under our credit facilities. 
 In the event we default under a credit facility or other borrowings, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under such borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under such borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of our assets which constitute collateral, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions in a credit facility may limit our investment discretion. 
 A credit facility may be backed by all or a portion of our loans and securities on which the lenders will have a security interest. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instrument we enter into with lenders. We expect that any security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders. In addition, we expect that the custodian for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in its electronic systems notices indicating the existence of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default, if any, and during its continuance, will only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lender or its designee. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, any security interests and/or negative covenants required by a credit facility may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under a credit facility were to decrease, we may be required to secure additional assets in an amount sufficient to cure any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under a credit facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to make distributions. 
 In addition, we may be subject to limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage which may affect the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under a credit facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 Since we intend to use debt to finance a portion of our investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In periods of rising interest rates when we have debt outstanding, our cost of funds will increase, which could reduce our net investment income. We expect that our long-term fixed-rate investments will be financed primarily with equity and long-term debt. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. These activities may limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the hedged portfolio. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, we have limited experience in entering into hedging transactions, and we will initially have to purchase or develop such expertise. 
 A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of incentive fees payable to the Adviser with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 We may enter into repurchase agreements. 
 Subject to our investment objective and policies, we may invest in repurchase agreements as a buyer for investment purposes. Repurchase agreements typically involve the acquisition by the Fund of debt securities from a selling financial institution such as a bank, savings and loan association or broker-dealer. The agreement provides that the Fund will sell the securities back to the institution at a fixed time in the future for the purchase price plus premium (which often reflects the interests). The Fund does not bear the risk of a decline in the value of the underlying security unless the seller defaults under its repurchase obligation. In the event of the bankruptcy or other default of a seller of a repurchase agreement, the Fund could experience both delays in liquidating the underlying securities and losses, including (1) possible decline in the 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 value of the underlying security during the period in which the Fund seeks to enforce its rights thereto; (2) possible lack of access to income on the underlying security during this period; and (3) expenses of enforcing its rights. In addition, as described above, the value of the collateral underlying the repurchase agreement will be at least equal to the repurchase price, including any accrued interest earned on the repurchase agreement. In the event of a default or bankruptcy by a selling financial institution, the Fund generally will seek to liquidate such collateral. However, the exercise of the Fund s right to liquidate such collateral could involve certain costs or delays and, to the extent that proceeds from any sale upon a default of the obligation to repurchase were less than the repurchase price, the Fund could suffer a loss. 

Federal Income Tax Risks 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or to satisfy RIC distribution requirements. 
 To obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment under Subchapter M of the Code, we must, among other things, meet annual distribution, income source and asset diversification requirements. If we do not qualify for or maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 For federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as zero coupon securities, debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute OID or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Further, we may elect to amortize market discount and include such amounts in our taxable income in the current year, instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so would limit our ability to deduct interest expenses for tax purposes. 
 Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to qualify for and maintain RIC tax treatment under Subchapter M of the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may not qualify for or maintain RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Some of our investments may be subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 We may invest in certain debt and equity investments through taxable subsidiaries and the taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. We may invest in certain foreign debt and equity investments which could be subject to foreign taxes (such as income tax, withholding and value added taxes). 
 Our portfolio investments may present special tax issues. 
 The Fund expects to invest in debt securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for the Fund. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when the Fund may cease to accrue interest, OID or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. These and other issues will be addressed by the Fund, to the extent necessary, to preserve its status as a RIC and to distribute sufficient income to not become subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Legislative or regulatory tax changes could adversely affect investors. 
 At any time, the federal income tax laws governing RICs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended. Any of those new laws, regulations or interpretations may take effect retroactively and could adversely affect the taxation of us or our shareholders. Therefore, changes in tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations or any amendments thereto could diminish the value of an investment in our shares or the value or the resale potential of our investments. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We maintain our principal executive offices at 245 Park Avenue, 26 th Floor, New York, New York 10167. We do not own any real estate. We believe that our present facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share Issuances 
 
 The Offering consists of three classes of shares of our common stock, Class S shares, Class I shares and Class D 
 shares. The share classes have different ongoing shareholder servicing fees. Other than the differences in ongoing stockholder servicing fees, each class of common stock has the same economics and voting rights. Shares of our common stock are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market and there is no established public trading market for our common stock. 
 
 As of March 16, 2023 there were nine holders of record of our Class I shares. 
 
 Common shares outstanding exclude March 1, 2023 subscriptions since the issuance price is not yet finalized at the date of this filing. 
 
 We expect to determine our NAV for each class of shares each month as of the last day of each calendar month. The NAV per share for each class of shares is determined by dividing the value of total assets attributable to the class minus liabilities attributable to the class by the total number of Common Shares outstanding of the class at the date as of which the determination is made. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board, considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Delaware law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 
 Our Board of Trustees discretion as to the payment of distributions will be directed, in substantial part, by its determination to cause us to comply with the RIC requirements. To maintain our treatment as a RIC, we generally are required to make aggregate annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 90 of our net investment income. See Item 1. Business Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company. 
 
 The per share amount of distributions on Class S, Class D and Class I shares generally differ because of different class-specific shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees that are deducted from the gross distributions for each share class. Specifically, distributions on Class S shares will be lower than Class D shares, and Class D shares will be lower than Class I shares because we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to the Class S shares (compared to Class D shares and Class I shares) and we are required to pay higher ongoing shareholder servicing fees with respect to Class D shares (compared to Class I shares). In this way, shareholder servicing and/or shareholder distribution fees are indirectly paid by holders of Class S and Class D shares, in that the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees charged to investors are used by the Fund to pay for the services provided by financial intermediaries. 
 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan 
 
 The Board approved a distribution and servicing plan. The following table shows the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees the Company will pay the Intermediary Manager with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I shares on an annualized basis as a percentage of the Company s NAV for such class. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Shareholder Servicing and/or Distribution Fee as a of NAV 
 
 Class S shares 
 0.85 Class D shares 
 0.25 Class I shares 

Subject to FINRA and other limitations on underwriting compensation described in Limitations on Underwriting Compensation below, we will pay a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class S shares and a shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV for the Class D shares, in each case, payable monthly. 
 
 The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are similar to sales commissions. The distribution and servicing expenses borne by the participating brokers may be different from and substantially less than the amount of shareholder servicing and/ or distribution fees charged. The Intermediary Manager will reallow (pay) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and, at the request of the Fund, will waive shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. Because the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees with respect to Class S shares and Class D shares are calculated based on the aggregate NAV for all of the outstanding shares of each such class, it reduces the NAV with respect to all shares of each such class, including shares issued under our DRIP. The distribution and servicing plan adopted in compliance with Rule 12b-1 is a compensation plan, which means that the Intermediary Manager is compensated regardless of its expenses, as opposed to a reimbursement plan which reimburses only for expenses incurred. The Intermediary Manager does not retain any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees for profit. All shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are held in a retention account by the Intermediary Manager to pay for and/or reimburse the Adviser for distribution-related expenditures. 
 
 Eligibility to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee is conditioned on a broker providing the following ongoing services with respect to the Class S or Class D shares: assistance with recordkeeping, answering investor inquiries regarding us, including regarding distribution payments and reinvestments, helping investors understand their investments upon their request, and assistance with share repurchase requests. If the applicable broker is not eligible to receive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee due to failure to provide these services, the Intermediary Manager, at the request of the Fund, will waive the shareholder servicing and/or distribution fee that broker would have otherwise been eligible to receive. The shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees are ongoing fees that are not paid at the time of purchase. 
 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 We have adopted a DRIP, pursuant to which we will reinvest all cash dividends declared by the Board of Trustees on behalf of our shareholders who do not elect to receive their dividends in cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board of Trustees authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or other distribution, then our shareholders who have not opted out of our DRIP will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares as described below, rather than receiving the cash dividend or other distribution. Distributions on fractional shares will be credited to each participating shareholder s account to three decimal places. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 At the discretion of our Board of Trustees, we have implemented a share repurchase program in which we intend to offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our Common Shares outstanding (either by number of shares or aggregate NAV) as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. Our Board of Trustees may amend or suspend the share repurchase program if in its reasonable judgment it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, such as when a repurchase offer would place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Under our share repurchase plan, to the extent we offer to repurchase shares, we expect to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers on or around the last business day of a month using a purchase price equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the prior month, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be subject to an Early Repurchase Deduction and repurchased at 98 of such NAV. The holding period ends on the one-year anniversary of the subscription closing date. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived in the case of repurchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability (as disabled is defined in Section 72(m)(7) of the Code) of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Fund for the benefit of remaining shareholders. We may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Deduction in the following circumstances (subject to the conditions described below): 
 repurchases resulting from death, qualifying disability or divorce; or 
 in the event that a shareholder s shares are repurchased because the shareholder has failed to maintain the 500 minimum account balance. 
 Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Except as previously reported by the Company on its current reports on Form 8-K, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report). On January 1, 2023, we completed the Merger with the Private BDC and commenced operations as the surviving company. Since the Private BDC is the Fund s accounting predecessor, the following section contains information on the results of operations and financial condition of the Private BDC as of December 31, 2022, and for the period from January 27, 2022 (date of inception) through December 31, 2022. Throughout this section, references to the Company, the Fund, TCAP, we, us or our are to the Fund as the surviving company. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a newly organized, externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Formed as a Delaware statutory trust on January 27, 2022, we are externally managed by the Adviser, which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Our Adviser is registered as investment adviser with the SEC. We also intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. 
 
 Under our Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay the Adviser an annual management fee as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. Also, under the Administration Agreement, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, general counsel and their respective staffs. 
 
 Prior to December 31, 2022, there were no operations other than those related to the Company s organization and preparation for offering. As of December 31, 2022, the Advisor contributed 50,000 of capital to the Company. In exchange for this contribution, the Advisor has received 2,000 Class I shares of the Company. 
 
 Merger 
 On January 1, 2023, the Company, completed its merger (the Merger with AGTB Private BDC, a Delaware statutory trust Private BDC ), with TCAP continuing as the surviving company. The Merger was completed pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated December 30, 2022, by and between TCAP and Private BDC. Prior to the Merger closing, Private BDC was an affiliated, privately-offered business development company BDC managed by AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, an affiliate of Angelo, Gordon Co., L.P. TCAP is a public, non-exchange traded BDC, with the same investment manager and investment objective as Private BDC. 
 The Boards of Trustees of both TCAP and Private BDC (each, a Board ), in each case, including the majority of the trustees who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act )), approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, consistent with the requirements under Rule 17a-8 of the 1940 Act. As a result, and as previously disclosed in TCAP s registration statement on Form N-2, the Merger did not require shareholder approval by the shareholders of either TCAP or Private BDC for the Merger to be effected because at the time of the Merger (1) there were no material differences between the investment advisory agreement for the Private BDC and our investment advisory agreement; (2) the majority of our Independent Trustees consisted of the Independent Trustees of the Private BDC; (3) no policy of the Private BDC that could not be changed without a shareholder vote was materially different from a policy that we have; and (4) neither the Private BDC nor us paid any distribution fees pursuant to a plan adopted in accordance with Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by each of TCAP and Private BDC. The Merger Agreement also contains customary covenants, including, among others, covenants relating to the operation of each of TCAP s and Private BDC s businesses during the period prior to the closing of the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TCAP and Private BDC intend the Merger to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and each received an opinion to that effect from Simpson, Thacher Bartlett LLP in connection with the closing. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TCAP and Private BDC caused the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger (the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 30, 2022. The Merger became effective on January 1, 2023 (the Effective Time ), as agreed to by the parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Private BDC withdrew its BDC election and deregistered its AGTB Common Shares by filing Forms N-54C and 15-12G with the SEC on January 5, 2023. 
 At the Effective Time, common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of Private BDC outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into a number of Class I shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of TCAP (the TCAP Common Shares equal to a ratio of one to one. As a result, TCAP issued an aggregate of approximately 20,943,030 TCAP Common Shares to former Private BDC shareholders. The TCAP Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time remained outstanding upon the Effective Time and were unaffected by the Merger. As a result, immediately following the Merger, TCAP had approximately 20,945,030 Class I shares outstanding, and no Class S or D Common Shares outstanding. 
 The financial statements of the Private BDC, disclosed within Exhibit 99.1 of this 10-K, should be considered when reading the financial statements of TCAP. 
 
 Investments 
 We invest principally in privately originated senior secured loans to U.S. middle market companies, which we believe have consistent capital needs and have not only been underserved in recent years by traditional providers of capital such as banks and the public debt markets, but also for a variety of reasons may prefer working with experienced non-bank lenders. Our origination strategy focuses on the middle market private equity community. This financing is utilized for a variety of purposes, including to fund organic growth, acquisitions, recapitalizations, management buyouts and leveraged buyouts for companies with revenue generally under 500 million. In describing our business, we generally use the term middle market to refer to companies with EBITDA of between 3 million and 50 million annually; however, we typically invest in companies with EBITDA of less than 25 million. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser may determine whether companies qualify as middle market in its sole discretion, and we may from time to time invest in larger or smaller companies. 
 By investing predominantly in senior secured debt, we expect to reduce our risk of principal loss and deliver more stable returns over time as compared with investments in bonds, unsecured loans, mezzanine investments and public, private and project equity. However, we may also invest opportunistically in other parts of the capital structure, including senior secured stretch and unitranche facilities, second lien loans, mezzanine and mezzanine-related loans, and equity investments, as well as select other subordinated instruments either directly or through acquisitions in the secondary market. 
 The level of our investment activity depends on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to prospective portfolio companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity for such companies, the availability of credit to finance transactions, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make, all of which have been, and may continue to be, impacted by COVID-19. 
 
 As a BDC, we must invest at least 70 of our assets in eligible portfolio companies, generally, U.S. private operating companies (or small U.S. public operating companies with a market capitalization of less than 250 million). As a BDC, we may also invest up to 30 of our portfolio in non-eligible portfolio company investments, such as investments in non-U.S. companies, which may include investments in a passive foreign investment company. Because we have elected to be regulated as a BDC, and we intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC, our portfolio will also be subject to the diversification and other requirements under the Code. Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other Angelo Gordon funds. From time to time, we may co-invest with other Angelo Gordon funds. 
 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues primarily through the receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we generate income from various loan origination and other fees and from dividends on direct equity investments. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, administration, amendment, and loan servicing fees. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium are capitalized as part of the underlying cost of the investments and accreted or amortized over the life of the investment as interest income. We record contractual prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. 
 Our debt investment portfolio consists of primarily floating rate loans, which may be subject to interest rate floors. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of Private BDC debt investments, based on fair value, bore interest at floating rates, which may be subject to interest rate floors. Variable-rate investments subject to a floor generally reset periodically to the applicable floor, only if the floor exceeds the index. Trends in base interest rates, such as Term SOFR, may affect our net investment income over the long term. In addition, our results may vary from period to period depending on the interest rates of new investments made during the period compared to investments that were sold or repaid during the period; these results reflect the characteristics of the particular portfolio companies that we invested in or exited during the period and not necessarily any trends in our business or macroeconomic trends. 
 Dividend income that we receive from our ownership of private securities is recorded pursuant to the terms of the respective investments. 
 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of fees to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement, interest expense related to borrowings outstanding, and other operating costs described below. 
 We are responsible for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the operations of the Company and locating, structuring, evaluating, consummating, maintaining and disposing of investments and potential investments (whether or not the acquisition is consummated), including but not limited to legal, regulatory, accounting and other professional or third-party costs or disbursements including travel, rent or lodging, out-of-pocket expenses of the Adviser, the fees and expenses of any independent counsel engaged by the Adviser and out-of-pocket expenses related to third-party service providers (including loan servicer fees), placement agent fees and expenses, advertising expenses, litigation expenses, brokerage commissions, clearing and settlement charges and other transaction costs, custody fees, interest expenses, financing charges, initial and variation margin, broken deal expenses, compensation (which may include fees or performance-based compensation) of Advisers, consultants and finders, joint venture partners, or other professionals relating to the Company s operations and investments or potential investments (whether or not completed), which may include costs incurred to attend or sponsor networking and other similar events hosted by both for-profit and not-for-profit organizations (which may include organizations affiliated with current or prospective investors), specific expenses incurred in obtaining, developing or maintaining market data technology systems, research and other information and information service subscriptions utilized with respect to the Company s investment program including fees to third party providers of research, portfolio risk management services (including the costs of risk management software or database packages), fees of pricing and valuation services, appraisal costs and brokerage expenses. We will also bear all commitment fees and any transfer or recording taxes, registration fees and other expenses in connection with acquisitions and dispositions of investments, and all expenses relating to the ownership and operation of investments, including taxes, interest, insurance, and other fees and expenses. Travel expenses may include first-class airfare and limited use of private or charter aircraft, as well as premium accommodations, in accordance with our Adviser s policies related thereto. 
 In addition, we will bear all costs of the administration of the Company, including but not limited to accounting expenses (including accounting systems) and expenses relating to audit, legal and regulatory expenses (including filings with U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and compliance obligations), costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, fees and expenses of any administrators in connection with the administration of the Company, expenses relating to the maintenance of registered offices of the Company to the extent provided by unaffiliated service providers, temporary office space of non-employee consultants or auditors, blue sky and corporate filing fees and expenses, corporate licensing expenses, indemnification expenses, costs of holding any meetings or conferences of investors or their delegates or Advisers (including meetings of the Adviser and related activities), Independent Trustees fees and expenses, costs of any litigation or threatened litigation or costs of any investigation or legal inquiries involving Company activities (including regulatory sweeps), the cost of any liability insurance or fidelity coverage for the Company, including any trustees and officers liability insurance and key-person life insurance policies, maintained with respect to liabilities arising in connection with the activities of our trustees and officers conducted on behalf of the Company, costs associated with reporting and providing information to existing and prospective investors, including printing and mailing costs, wind-up and liquidation expenses, and any extraordinary expenses arising in connection with the operations of the Company. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on our behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and/or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our shareholders, subject to the cap on organization and offering expenses described above. 
 The Private BDC agreed to repay the Adviser for initial organization and offering costs, of which the Adviser has incurred approximately 1.25 million as of December 31, 2022. Unless the Adviser elects to cover such expenses pursuant to the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement we have entered into with the Adviser, we will be obligated to reimburse the Adviser for such advanced expenses. Any reimbursements will not exceed actual expenses incurred by the Adviser and its affiliates. 
 
 Leverage 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, we can borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowings, subject to certain limitations. We may from time to time increase the size of our existing credit facilities or enter into new credit facilities. Any such incurrence would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Private BDC had borrowings of 323.2 million outstanding at an average all-in rate of 6.28 , which is included in debt on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. The Private BDC incurred approximately 1.7 million and 6.7 million of interest and unused commitment fees for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The carrying values of borrowings outstanding under the debt facilities approximate fair value. 
 
 Portfolio and Investment Activity 
 The Company did not commence operations as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, based on fair value, the Private BDC portfolio consisted of 96.67 first lien senior secured debt investments and 3.33 investments in affiliated funds. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Private BDC had investments in forty-six portfolio companies with an aggregate fair value of 824.5 million. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Investment activity for the Private BDC for the period ended December 31, 2022 is presented below (information presented herein is at par value unless otherwise indicated). 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022 Principal amount of investments committed (including add-ons): First lien senior secured debt investments 1,152,895 Investment in affiliated funds 27,234 Total principal amount of investments committed 1,180,129 Principal amount of investments sold or repaid: First lien senior secured debt investments (94,508) Total principal amount of investments sold or repaid (94,508) New debt investments (1) : 
 New commitments 1,152,895 Number of new commitments in new portfolio companies (2) 
 46 Average new commitment amount 25,063 Weighted average term for new commitments (in years) 4.9 Percentage of new commitments at floating rates 100.0 Percentage of new commitments at fixed rates 
 (1) Amounts shown exclude add-on transactions to existing portfolio companies during the period. 
 (2) Number of new debt investment commitments represent commitments to a particular portfolio company. 

As of December 31, 2022 Private BDC investments consisted of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value First lien senior secured debt 795,429 797,019 Investment in affiliated funds 27,234 27,468 Total investments 822,663 824,487 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The table below describes Private BDC investments by industry composition based on fair value as of December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 Air freight and logistics 2.4 Auto components 0.9 Chemicals 0.5 Commercial services and supplies 2.2 Construction and engineering 6.2 Containers and packaging 6.9 Diversified consumer services 6.1 Electrical equipment 1.2 Electronic equipment, instruments and components 1.3 Food products 4.1 Health care equipment and supplies 4.1 Health care providers and services 26.4 Health care technology 3.0 Household durables 6.1 IT services 3.9 Machinery 2.2 Media 8.5 Multisector holdings 3.3 Professional services 1.9 Software 1.4 Specialty retail 1.2 Trading companies and distributors 2.6 Total 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2022, 100 of investments held by the Private BDC were based in the United States. 
 The weighted average yields and interest rates of Private BDC funded debt investments as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted average total yield of funded debt investments at cost 10.9 Weighted average total yield of funded debt investments at fair value 10.9 Weighted average interest rate of funded debt investments (1) 
 10.6 Weighted average spread over reference rates of all floating rate funded debt investments 5.9 
 (1) Calculated using actual interest rates in effect as of December 31, 2022 based on borrower elections. 
 The weighted average yield of our funded debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our shareholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before the payment of all of our and our subsidiaries fees and expenses. The weighted average yield was computed using the effective interest rates of each investment as of each respective date, including accretion of original issue discount, but excluding investments on non-accrual status, if any. There can be no assurance that the weighted average yield will remain at its current level. 
 
 Our Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. It monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if they are meeting their respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action with respect to each portfolio company. Our Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include the following: 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 assessment of success of the portfolio company in adhering to its business plan and compliance with covenants; 
 periodic and regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 
 comparisons to other companies in the portfolio company s industry; and 
 review of monthly or quarterly financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 
 
 As part of the monitoring process, our Adviser employs an investment rating system to categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our Adviser rates the credit risk of all debt investments on a scale of A to F. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of origination or acquisition), although it may also take into account the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. The rating system is as follows: 
 
 Investment Rating Description A A loan supported by exceptional financial strength, stability and liquidity; B As a general rule, a new transaction will be risk rated a B loan. Overtime, a B loan is supported by good financial strength, stability and liquidity; C A loan that is exhibiting deteriorating trends, which if not corrected could jeopardize repayment of the debt. In general, a default by the borrower of one of its financial performance covenants (leverage or coverage ratios) would warrant a downgrade of a loan to a risk rating of C D A loan that has a well-defined weakness that jeopardizes the repayment of the debt or the ongoing enterprise value of the borrower; E A loan that has an uncured payment default; and F An asset that is considered uncollectible or of such little value that its continuance as a booked asset is unwarranted. 
 
 Our Adviser rates the investments in our portfolio at least quarterly and it is possible that the rating of a portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. For investments rated C through F, our Adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 
 
 The following table shows the composition of Private BDC debt investments on the A to F rating scale as of December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 Investment Rating Investments at Fair Value Percentage of Total Debt Investments (Amounts in thousands) A B 797,019 100.0 C D E F Total 797,019 100.0 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the amortized cost of Private BDC performing and non-accrual debt investments as of December 31, 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Amortized Cost Percentage Performing 795,429 100.0 Non-accrual Total 795,429 100.0 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon the Adviser s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid current and, in the Adviser s judgment, are likely to remain current. Management may make exceptions to this treatment and determine to not place a loan on non-accrual status if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The Company did not commence operations as of December 31, 2022. 
 The following table represents the operating results of the Private BDC for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022: 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations can vary from period to period as a result of various factors, including the level of new investment commitments, expenses, the recognition of realized gains and losses and changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on the investment portfolio. 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Total investment income 29,241 Less: expenses 15,935 Net investment income (loss) 13,306 Net realized gain (loss) 172 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 1,824 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 15,302 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income for the Private BDC for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Interest 26,386 Other 2,855 Total investment income 29,241 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Expenses 
 Expenses for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 were as follows for TCAP: 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Organizational costs 527 Professional fees 168 Bank fees Total net expenses 696 
 Expenses for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 were as follows for the Private BDC: 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Interest 8,172 Management fees 2,253 Income incentive fees 2,061 Other 630 Administrative fees 518 Professional fees 440 Accounting fees 413 Offering costs 401 Organizational costs 391 Insurance fees 264 Capital gains incentive fees 249 Trustees' fees 143 Total net expenses 15,935 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement and Investment Management Agreement, we reimburse the Administrator and Adviser, respectively, for services performed for us. In addition, pursuant to the terms of these agreements, the Administrator and Adviser may delegate its obligations under these agreements to an affiliate or to a third party and we reimburse the Administrator and Adviser for any services performed for us by such affiliate or third party. 
 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Administrator charged approximately 518,000 for certain costs and expenses allocable to the Private BDC under the terms of the Administration Agreement. 
 Income Taxes, including Excise Taxes 
 We intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and we intend to operate in a manner so as to continue to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To continue to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we must, among other things, distribute to our shareholders in each taxable year generally at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, and net tax-exempt income for that taxable year. To maintain our tax treatment as a RIC, we, among other things, intend to make the requisite distributions to our shareholders, which generally relieves us from corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes. 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we can be expected to carry forward taxable income (including net capital gains, if any) in excess of current year dividend distributions from the current tax year into the next tax year and pay a nondeductible 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such taxable income, as required. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income will be in excess of estimated current year dividend 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 distributions from such income, we will accrue excise tax on estimated excess taxable income. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, we did not accrue U.S. federal excise tax. 
 The Private BDC conducts certain activities through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp., a Delaware C corporation. Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp. is treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes and is subject to U.S. federal, state or local income tax. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Private BDC accrued 217,000 of U.S. federal tax expense related to Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp. 
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investment Transactions 
 We fair value our portfolio investments quarterly and any changes in fair value are recorded as unrealized gains or losses. During the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, net unrealized gains (losses) on the Private BDC investment transactions were as follows: 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 1,590 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on non-controlled, affiliated investments 234 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions 1,824 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the net unrealized gain was primarily driven by an increase in the fair value of the Private BDC s investments. 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) on Investment Transactions 
 The realized gains and losses on fully and partially exited portfolio companies during the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 were as follows for the Private BDC: 
 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 172 Net realized gain (loss) on investments 172 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 
 Our liquidity and capital resources primarily from the net proceeds of our continuous offering of common shares, cash flows from interest, dividends and fees earned from our investments and principal repayments, and credit facilities. The primary uses of our cash are (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (2) the cost of operations (including paying our Adviser and Administrator or its affiliates), (3) debt service of any borrowings and (4) cash distributions to the holders of our stock. 
 We may from time to time increase the size of our existing credit facilities. Any such incurrence would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. In accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to incur borrowings, issue debt securities or issue preferred stock, if immediately after the borrowing or issuance, the ratio of total assets (less total liabilities other than indebtedness) to total indebtedness plus preferred stock, is at least 150 . We seek to carefully consider our unfunded commitments for the purpose of planning our ongoing financial leverage. Further, we maintain sufficient borrowing capacity within the 150 asset coverage limitation to cover any outstanding unfunded commitments we are required to fund. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the Merger, the two existing credit facilities of the Private BDC were indirectly assumed by us, as each of the Private BDC s subsidiaries became our subsidiaries in the Merger. On June 17, 2022, and as amended on October 28, 2022, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC, as borrower (the MSPV Borrower ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Private BDC, entered into a loan and servicing agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the MSPV Credit Facility with Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC, as the transferor (the MSPV Transferor ), AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, as the servicer, Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, the lenders from time to time party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian. Following the amendment, the MSPV Credit Facility created a revolving loan facility with a maximum principal amount of 500,000,000, subject to availability under a borrowing base which consists primarily of commercial loans acquired by the MSPV Borrower from the MSPV Transferor. The Borrower may, subject to the applicable prepayment premium, prepay the loans and/or terminate or reduce the revolving commitments under the MSPV Credit Facility at any time without penalty. The obligation of the lenders to make revolving commitments under the MSPV Credit Facility will terminate on June 17, 2025 (the Reinvestment Period with a scheduled final maturity date of June 17, 2027. Following the amendment, the revolving loans will be subject to an interest rate, during the Reinvestment Period, of Term SOFR plus 2.50 per annum and thereafter, Term SOFR plus 3.00 per annum. 
 Further, on December 13, 2022, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII ASPV, LLC, as borrower (the ASPV Borrower ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Private BDC, entered into a new Loan, Security and Collateral Management Agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ASPV Credit Facility ), with the Transferor, as the transferor, AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, as the collateral manager, Ally Bank, as administrative agent and arranger, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral custodian, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. From time to time, the Transferor expects to sell and/or contribute certain investments to the ASPV Borrower. Proceeds from the ASPV Credit Facility will be used to finance the origination and acquisition of loans by the ASPV Borrower, including the purchase of such assets from the Transferor. Pursuant to the ASPV Credit Facility, and as a result of the Merger, the Fund retains a residual interest in assets contributed to or acquired by the ASPV Borrower through its ownership of the ASPV Borrower. The ASPV Credit Facility created a revolving loan facility with an initial maximum principal amount of 300,000,000, subject to availability under a borrowing base which consists primarily of commercial loans acquired by the ASPV Borrower from the Transferor. The ASPV Borrower may, subject to the applicable prepayment premium, prepay the loans and/or terminate or reduce the revolving commitments under the ASPV Credit Facility at any time without penalty. The obligation of the lenders to make revolving commitments under the ASPV Credit Facility will terminate on December 12, 2025 with a scheduled final maturity date of December 12, 2027. The revolving loans will be subject to an interest rate of daily simple SOFR plus 2.875 per annum. 
 There were 323.2 million outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022, for the Private BDC. Cash as of December 31, 2022, taken together with the available debt capacity of 130.7 million of the Private BDC, is expected to be sufficient for our investing activities and to conduct our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Private BDC had 38.5 million in cash. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Private BDC used 804.1 million in cash for operating activities, primarily as a result of funding portfolio investments of 909.1 million and partially offset by other operating activities of 105.0 million. Cash provided by financing activities was 842.6 million during the period, primarily the result of proceeds from the issuance of common shares and debt borrowings. 
 Equity 
 Subscriptions and Drawdowns 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Advisor contributed 50,000 of capital to the Company. In exchange for this contribution, the Advisor has received 2,000 Class I shares of the Company. 
 At the Effective Time of the Merger, common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of Private BDC outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into a number of Class I shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of TCAP (the TCAP Common Shares equal to a ratio of one to one. As a result, TCAP issued an aggregate of approximately 20,943,030 TCAP Common Shares to former Private BDC shareholders. The TCAP Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time remained outstanding upon the Effective Time and were unaffected by the Merger. As a result, immediately following the Merger, TCAP had approximately 20,945,030 Class I shares outstanding, and no Class S or D shares outstanding. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

During the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Adviser of the Private BDC delivered the following capital call notices to investors: 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Capital Drawdown Notice Date Common Share Issuance Date Number of Common Shares Issued Aggregate Offering Price in millions) April 26, 2022 May 10, 2022 3,999,940 100.00 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 3,000,000 75.00 August 1, 2022 August 15, 2022 1,992,270 50.00 August 17, 2022 August 31, 2022 3,020,428 76.00 September 30, 2022 October 14, 2022 2,943,485 75.00 October 12, 2022 October 26, 2022 4,031,627 103.00 November 9, 2022 November 23, 2022 1,955,220 50.30 Total 20,942,970 529.30 
 Dividends 
 There were no dividends declared by the Company for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table reflects dividends declared on Private BDC Common Shares during the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022: 
 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share December 19, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 31, 2023 0.75 
 
 Debt 
 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, we can borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowings, subject to certain limitations. 
 The Company did not commence operations and did not have debt as of December 31, 2022. 
 On June 17, 2022, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC, as borrower (the MSPV Borrower ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Private BDC, entered into a new loan and servicing agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the MSPV Credit Facility with Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC, as the transferor (the Transferor ), AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, as the servicer, Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, the lenders from time to time party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian. 
 From time to time, the Transferor expects to sell and/or contribute certain investments to the MSPV Borrower. Proceeds from the MSPV Credit Facility will be used to finance the origination and acquisition of loans by the MSPV Borrower, including the purchase of such assets from the Transferor. The Private BDC retains a residual interest in assets contributed to or acquired by the MSPV Borrower through its ownership of the MSPV Borrower. 
 The MSPV Credit Facility created a revolving loan facility with an initial maximum principal amount of 300 million, subject to availability under a borrowing base which consists primarily of commercial loans acquired by the MSPV 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Borrower from the Transferor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The MSPV Borrower may, subject to the applicable prepayment premium, prepay the loans and/or terminate or reduce the revolving commitments under the MSPV Credit Facility at any time without penalty. The obligation of the lenders to make revolving commitments under the MSPV Credit Facility will terminate on June 17, 2025 (the Reinvestment Period with a scheduled final maturity date of June 17, 2027. The revolving loans are subject to an interest rate, during the Reinvestment Period, of Term SOFR plus 2.25 per annum and thereafter, term SOFR plus 2.75 per annum. 
 
 On October 28, 2022, the MSPV Borrower entered into Amendment No. 1 of the MSPV Credit Facility, that increased the borrowing capacity by 200 million to an aggregate principal amount of 500 million, subject to availability under the borrowing base. With this amendment, the revolving loans will be subject to an interest rate, during the Reinvestment Period, of Term SOFR plus 2.50 per annum and thereafter, Term SOFR plus 3.00 per annum. The other material terms of the agreement were unchanged. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 20 million in borrowings outstanding on the ASPV Credit Facility, and 303.2 million borrowings outstanding on the MSPV Credit Facility. The Private BDC incurred 6.7 million of interest and unused commitment fees for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The carrying values of borrowings outstanding under the debt facilities approximate fair value. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII ASPV, LLC, as borrower (the ASPV Borrower ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Private BDC, entered into a new Loan, Security and Collateral Management Agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ASPV Credit Facility ), with the Transferor, AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, as the collateral manager, Ally Bank, as administrative agent and arranger, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral custodian, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. 
 
 From time to time, the Transferor expects to sell and/or contribute certain investments to the ASPV Borrower. Proceeds from the ASPV Credit Facility will be used to finance the origination and acquisition of loans by the ASPV Borrower, including the purchase of such assets from the Transferor. The Private BDC retains a residual interest in assets contributed to or acquired by the ASPV Borrower through its ownership of the ASPV Borrower. 
 
 The ASPV Credit Facility created a revolving loan facility with an initial maximum principal amount of 300 million, subject to availability under a borrowing base which consists primarily of commercial loans acquired by the ASPV Borrower from the Transferor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Private BDC. The ASPV Borrower may, subject to the applicable prepayment premium, prepay the loans and/or terminate or reduce the revolving commitments under the ASPV Credit Facility at any time without penalty. The obligation of the lenders to make revolving commitments under the ASPV Credit Facility will terminate on December 12, 2025 (the Reinvestment Period with a scheduled final maturity date of December 12, 2027. The revolving loans will be subject to an interest rate of daily simple SOFR plus 2.875 per annum. 
 
 The ASPV Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of the ASPV Borrower and a pledge of equity interests in the ASPV Borrower. Borrowings under the ASPV Credit Facility are considered the Company s borrowings for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Debt obligations of the Private BDC consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022: 
 As of December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Maximum Principal Amount Committed Principal Amount Outstanding Principal Amount Available (1) 
 Carrying Value ASPV Credit Facility 300,000 20,000 311 20,000 MSPV Credit Facility 500,000 303,200 130,417 303,200 Total debt 800,000 323,200 130,728 323,200 
 (1) The amount available reflects any limitations related to the facilities borrowing bases. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the components of interest expense for the Private BDC were as follows: 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Interest expense 7,066 Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,106 Total interest expense 8,172 Average interest rate 5.54 Average daily borrowings 114,023 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company did not commence operations and did not have off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Portfolio Company Commitments 
 Our investment portfolio may contain debt investments that are in the form of revolving lines of credit and unfunded delayed draw commitments, which require us to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms of the underlying loan agreements. Unfunded portfolio company commitments and funded debt investments are presented on the consolidated schedule of investments at fair value. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation, if any, is included in the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities and consolidated statement of operations. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Private BDC had the following outstanding commitments to fund investments in current portfolio companies: 
 Portfolio Company December 31, 2022 First lien senior secured debt (Amounts in thousands) ACES Intermediate, LLC 6,964 AHR Intermediate, Inc 12,139 ARC Healthcare Technologies, LLC 9,947 Ascent Lifting, Inc. 1,345 Benefit Plan Administrators of Eau Claire, LLC 8,990 BPCP WLF Intermedco LLC 7,876 Change Academy at Lake of the Ozarks, LLC 5,786 CPS Power Buyer, LLC 4,705 Custom Agronomics Holdings, LLC 2,312 Double E Company, LLC 4,314 Helpware, Inc. 3,205 Industrial Air Flow Dynamics, Inc. 2,114 IPC Pain Acquistion, LLC 11,945 Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC 11,624 ITSavvy LLC 4,784 Kwalu, LLC 5,061 Load One Purchaser Corporation 9,214 MacKenzie Childs Acquisition, Inc. 445 Medical Technology Associates, Inc. 1,929 NEFCO Holding Company, LLC 7,270 Optimized Marketing Acquisition, LLC 1,861 Propio LS, LLC 905 Raneys, LLC 1,522 RKD Group, LLC 4,905 Shasta Buyer, LLC 1,962 Sixarp, LLC 6,912 Soccer Post Acquisition, LLC 772 Sun Orchard, LLC 4,875 US Foot and Ankle Specialists, LLC 12,467 WCI Volt Purchaser, LLC 2,249 Yard-Nique, Inc 6,695 Zipline Logistics, LLC 6,214 Total unfunded portfolio company commitments 243,089 
 We maintain sufficient borrowing capacity to cover outstanding unfunded portfolio company commitments that we may be required to fund. We seek to carefully manage our unfunded portfolio company commitments for purposes of planning our ongoing financial leverage. Further, we maintain sufficient borrowing capacity within the 150 asset coverage ratio to cover any outstanding portfolio company unfunded commitments we are required to fund. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Investor Commitments 
 On September 29, 2022, the Adviser issued a capital call notice to investors relating to the sale of 2,943,485 Private BDC Common Shares for an aggregate offering price of 75.0 million. The sale closed on October 14, 2022. 
 On October 12, 2022, the Adviser issued a capital call notice to investors relating to the sale of 4,031,627 Private BDC Common Shares for an aggregate offering price of approximately 103.0 million. The sale closed on October 26, 2022. After this sale, all capital commitments were called from current investors. 
 On November 9, 2022, the Private BDC entered into subscription agreements with two additional investors for an aggregate commitment amount of 50.3 million bringing total fund commitments to 529.3 million. The Private BDC issued a capital call notice to these investors for the full commitment of 50.3 million due on November 23, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Private BDC had 529.3 million in total capital commitments from investors, all of which were fully drawn. All capital was called prior to the Merger. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company did not commence operations and did not have contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 A summary of the Private BDC s contractual payment obligations under its credit facilities as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Payment Due by Period (Amounts in millions) Total Less than 1 year 1-3 3-5 More than 5 years ASPV Credit Facility 20.0 20.0 MSPV Credit Facility 303.2 303.2 Total 323.2 303.2 20.0 

Related Party Transactions 
 We have entered into a number of business relationships with affiliated or related parties, including the Advisory Agreement, the Administration Agreement, Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement and the Resource Sharing Agreement. 
 In addition to the aforementioned agreements, we intend to rely on exemptive relief that has been granted to us, our Adviser, and Angelo Gordon to permit us to co-invest with other funds managed by Angelo Gordon in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as any regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. See Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 5. Agreements and Related Party Transactions for further description of our related party transactions. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our critical accounting policies should be read in connection with our risk factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. See Item 8. Financial Statement Notes to Financial Statement Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Good Faith Determinations of Fair Value Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC in December 2020 and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. 
 The Board has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5, and in that role the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of our investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies in accordance with valuation 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. Even though the Board designated the Adviser as valuation designee the Board is ultimately responsible for the fair value determinations under the 1940 Act. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of rising interest rates in response to inflation, the war in Russia and Ukraine and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effect of the volatility could materially impact our market risks, including those listed above. We are subject to financial market risks, including valuation risk and interest rate risk. The financial statements of the Private BDC, disclosed within Exhibit 99.1 of this 10-K, should be considered when reading the financial statements of TCAP. 
 
 Valuation Risk 
 We have invested, and plan to continue to invest, primarily in illiquid debt and equity securities of private companies. Most of our investments will not have a readily available market price, and therefore, we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by Adviser, pursuant to Rule 2a-5, based on, among other things, the input of independent third party valuation firm(s) engaged by the Adviser, and in accordance with our valuation policy. There is no single standard for determining fair value. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each portfolio investment while employing a consistently applied valuation process for the types of investments we make. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we may realize amounts that are different from the amounts presented and such differences could be material. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. We may fund portions of our investments with borrowings on a short term basis, and at such time, our net investment income will be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 100 of the Private BDC s debt investments based on fair value in our portfolio were at floating rates. 
 Based on the Private BDC s Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022, the following table shows the annualized impact on net income of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates on our debt investments and leverage (considering interest rate floors for floating rate instruments) assuming each floating rate investment is subject to Term SOFR and there are no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 (Amounts in millions) Interest Income Interest Expense Net Income Up 200 basis points 16.3 6.5 9.8 Up 100 basis points 8.2 3.2 5.0 Down 100 basis points (8.2) (3.2) (5.0) Down 200 basis points (16.3) (6.5) (9.8) 
 To a limited extent, we may in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using hedging instruments such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts, and credit hedging contracts, such as credit default swaps. However, no assurance can be given that such hedging transactions will be entered into or, if they are, that they will be effective. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 90 
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31 , 2022 
 91 
 Statement of Operations for the Period January 27, 2022 (Date of Inception) through December 31 , 2022 
 92 
 Statement of Changes of Net Assets for the Period January 27, 2022 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2022 
 93 
 Statement of Cash Flows for the Period January 27 2022, (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2022 
 94 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 95 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Trustees and Shareholder of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in the AG Twin Brook BDC group since 2019. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017-6204 
 T: (646) 471 3000, www.pwc.com/us 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities 

December 31, 2022 Assets Cash 49,724 Deferred offering costs 2,280,063 Total assets 2,329,787 Liabilities Due to affiliate 2,975,657 Total liabilities 2,975,657 Commitments and contingencies (Note 4) Net assets Class I common shares 0.001 par value, unlimited shares authorized; 2,000 shares issued and outstanding 2 Additional paid-in-capital 49,998 Accumulated net loss 695,870 Total net assets (645,870) Total liabilities and net assets 2,329,787 Net asset value per share (322.94) 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Statement of Operations 

For the Period from January 27, 2022 (Date of Inception) through December 31, 2022 Investment loss Expenses Organizational costs 527,496 Professional fees 168,098 Bank fees 276 Total expenses 695,870 Investment loss 695,870 Decrease in net assets resulting from operations 695,870 Loss per share - basic and diluted 347.94 Weighted average shares outstanding 2,000 
 92 

AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Statement of Changes in Net Assets 

Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income (loss) (695,870) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (695,870) Capital share transactions Issuance of common shares 2 Additional paid in capital 49,998 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from capital share transactions 50,000 Total increase (decreases) in net assets (645,870) Net assets, at beginning of period Net assets, at end of period (645,870) Capital share activity Shares issued 2,000 Net increase in shares outstanding 2,000 
 93 

AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Statement of Cash Flows 

Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (695,870) Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Change in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (decrease) in due to affiliate 2,975,657 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 2,279,787 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common shares 50,000 (Increase) in deferred offering costs (2,280,063) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (2,230,063) Net change in cash 49,724 Cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period 49,724 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

1. Organization 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund TCAP or the Company is a Delaware statutory trust which was formed on January 27, 2022 (date of inception). AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (the Advisor ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon Co., L.P. Angelo Gordon ), serves as the investment adviser of the Company. The Advisor is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company RIC as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 There were no operations other than those related to the Company s organization and preparation for its public, ongoing offering prior to December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Advisor contributed 50,000 of capital to the Company. In exchange for this contribution, the Advisor has received 2,000 Class I shares of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Board of Trustees authorized the Company to issue an unlimited number of shares. On December 15, 2022, the Company s registration statement on Form N-2, registering the continuous offer and sale (the Offering of up to 5 billion in the Company s common shares of beneficial interest, was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 The Company s investment objective is to seek to generate attractive, consistent total returns, predominantly in the form of current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation, by targeting investment opportunities with favorable risk-adjusted returns. The Company was formed to merge with an affiliated privately offered, business development company, AGTB Private BDC, a Delaware statutory trust (the Private BDC ), which has the same investment adviser, substantially the same investment objectives and policies as us and the same management and advisory fees as us (the Merger ). On January 1, 2023, the Company, completed its merger (the Merger with Private BDC, with TCAP continuing as the surviving company and Private BDC continuing as the accounting survivor. The Merger was completed pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated December 30, 2022, by and between TCAP and Private BDC. See Subsequent Events footnote. 
 
 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Accounting 
 The preparation of these financial statements is in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The Company is an investment company and accordingly follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses, including organizational expenses and deferred offering costs, during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Cash 
 Cash is comprised of cash on deposit with major financial institutions. The Company places its cash with high credit quality institutions to minimize credit risk exposure. 
 Organizational Costs 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

Organizational costs to establish the Company are charged to expense as incurred. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs of organizing the Company. 
 Offering Costs 
 Offering costs in connection with the offering of common shares of the Company are capitalized as a deferred charge and amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over 12 months from the commencement of operations, which has not yet occurred. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs incurred with Company s share offerings, the preparation of the Company s registration statement, and registration fees. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Management does not believe any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 
 
 3. Federal Income Taxes 
 The Company intends to elect to be treated as a Regulated Investment Company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As a RIC, the Company generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes timely to its shareholders as dividends. Any tax liability related to income earned and distributed by the Company represents obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the financial statements of the Company. 
 The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are reserved and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes are included in income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. For the period January 27, 2022 (date of inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no tax expenses and no interest and penalties were incurred. 
 
 4. Commitments and Contingencies 
 From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings during the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, management was not aware of any pending or threatened litigation. 
 
 5. Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 Administration Agreement 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company entered into an Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Advisor (the Administrator ). Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, required administrative services, which include providing office space, equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC, and managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. 
 The Company reimburses the Administrator for services performed for it pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and the Company will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for it by such affiliate or third party. 
 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect until October 25, 2024 and from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the vote of the Board of Trustees of the Company 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

and the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Trustees. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. 
 No person who is an officer, director, or employee of the Administrator or its affiliates and who serves as a trustee of the Company receives any compensation from the Company for his or her services as a trustee. However, the Company reimburses the Administrator (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator or its affiliates to the Company s officers who provide operational and administrative services, as well as their respective staffs and other professionals who provide services to the Company, who assist with the preparation, coordination and administration of the foregoing or provide other back office or middle office , financial or operational services to the Company (based on the percentage of time those individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs of the Company). Trustees who are not affiliated with the Administrator receive compensation for their services and reimbursement of expenses incurred to attend meetings. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company entered into an Investment Management Agreement (the Investment Management Agreement with the Advisor. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Advisor is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring the Company s investments and monitoring the Company s investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Management Agreement will remain in effect until October 25, 2024 and from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the vote of the Board of Trustees of the Company or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, and the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Trustees. The Investment Management Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of assignment. The Investment Management Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty; 1) on 60 days written notice by the Company, 2) by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, 3) by the vote of the Company s trustees or, 4) on 120 days written notice by the Advisor. 
 From time to time, the Advisor may pay amounts owed by the Company to third-party providers of goods or services, including the Board, and the Company will subsequently reimburse the Advisor for such amounts paid on its behalf. Amounts payable to the Advisor are settled in the normal course of business without formal payment terms. 
 The Investment Management Agreement also provides that the Company reimburses the Advisor for certain organizational costs incurred prior to the commencement of the Company s operations, and for certain offering costs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a 1,752,567 payable to the Advisor for organizational and offering expenses, which is included in due to affiliate on the statement of assets and liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a 168,098 payable to the Advisor for professional fees, which is included in due to affiliate on the statement of assets and liabilities. 
 Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Company will pay the Advisor a base management fee and may also pay to it certain incentive fees. The cost of both the base management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the Company s shareholders. There were no base management fees or incentive fees as of December 31, 2022. 
 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.25 of the Company s net assets. For services rendered under the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee is payable monthly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the Company s net assets at the first business day of the applicable month. For the first calendar month in which the Company has operations, net assets will be measured as the 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

beginning net assets as of the date on which the Company begins operations. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Advisor is entitled to an incentive fee Incentive Fee ), which consists of two components; an incentive fee based on income and an incentive fee based on capital gains. 
 The portion based on the Company s income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between the Company and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any shareholder servicing and/or distribution fees). 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 The Company will pay the Advisor an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized) (the hurdle rate or Hurdle 
 100 of the dollar amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). The Company refers to this portion of its Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Advisor with approximately 12.5 of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter; and 
 12.5 of the dollar amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the Hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Advisor. 
 These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. 
 The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 The Company entered into an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser on October 25, 2022. The Adviser may elect to pay certain expenses (each, an Expense Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest or distributions and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to the Company in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from the Company to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Company shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 No Reimbursement Payment for any month will be made if: (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share (as defined below) declared by the Company at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, or (2) the Operating Expense Ratio (as defined below) at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365 day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing operating expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to Adviser, and interest expense, by net assets. 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, no such Expense Payments were made by the Adviser. 
 
 6. Financial Highlights 
 Financial highlights are not required for the period January 27, 2022 (date of inception) through December 31, 2022 as the Company has not issued any shares other than the initial 2,000 shares to the Adviser. 
 
 7. Subsequent Events 
 The Company s management evaluated subsequent events through March 16, 2023, the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Management has determined that there are no additional material events that would require adjustment to or disclosure in the Company s financial statements, other than those disclosed below. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 

On January 1, 2023, the Company completed the Merger with Private BDC, with TCAP continuing as the surviving company. The Merger was completed pursuant to Merger Agreement, dated December 30, 2022, by and between TCAP and Private BDC. Prior to the Merger closing, Private BDC was an affiliated, privately-offered business development company BDC managed by the Advisor. TCAP is a public, non-exchange traded BDC, with the same investment manager and investment objective as Private BDC. 
 The Boards of Trustees of both TCAP and Private BDC (each, a Board ), in each case, including the majority of the trustees who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act )), approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, consistent with the requirements under Rule 17a-8 of the 1940 Act. As a result, and as previously disclosed in TCAP s registration statement on Form N-2, the Merger did not require shareholder approval by the shareholders of either TCAP or Private BDC for the Merger to be effected. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by each of TCAP and Private BDC. The Merger Agreement also contains customary covenants, including, among others, covenants relating to the operation of each of TCAP s and Private BDC s businesses during the period prior to the closing of the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TCAP and Private BDC intend the Merger to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and each received an opinion to that effect from Simpson, Thacher Bartlett LLP in connection with the closing. 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TCAP and Private BDC caused the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger (the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 30, 2022. The Merger became effective on January 1, 2023 (the Effective Time ), as agreed to by the parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger. 
 At the Effective Time, common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of Private BDC outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into a number of Class I shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of TCAP (the TCAP Common Shares equal to a ratio of one to one. As a result, TCAP issued an aggregate of approximately 20.9 million TCAP Common Shares to former Private BDC shareholders. At the time of the Merger, Private BDC had approximately 529 million in net assets or 25.25 per share. At the time of the Merger, the Private BDC had approximately 824 million of investments at fair value and approximately 323 million of debt outstanding under the Private BDC s credit facilities along with other operating assets and liabilities, all of which were assumed by TCAP in the Merger. The TCAP Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time remained outstanding upon the Effective Time and were unaffected by the Merger. As a result, immediately following the Merger, TCAP had approximately 20.9 million Class I shares outstanding, and no Class S or D common shares outstanding. 
 The financial statements of the Private BDC are included as Exhibit 99.1 of this 10-K, should be considered when reading the financial statements of TCAP. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There are not and have not been any disagreements between the Company and its accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Trustees and Executive Officers 
 Certain information pertaining to our Board of Trustees, or the Board, and executive officers as of the date of this report is set forth below, including their names, ages, a brief description of their recent business experience, including present occupations and employment, and certain directorships that each person held during the last five years. We have divided the trustees into two groups - independent trustees and interested trustees. 
 Name (1) 
 Age Position(s) Interested Trustees (2)(3) 
 Trevor Clark 57 Trustee, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Company. President and Chief Executive Officer of the Advisor. Managing Director of Angelo Gordon. Terrence Walters 43 Trustee, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of the Company. Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Advisor, Managing Director of Angelo Gordon. Independent Trustees (2) 
 James E. Bowers 75 Trustee James N. Hallene 61 Trustee Lance A. Ludwick 56 Trustee Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees Richa Gulati 42 Chief Compliance Officer Jenny B. Neslin 40 General Counsel and Secretary 
 (1) The address for each trustee is c/o AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. 
 (2) Our trustees are divided into three classes, each holding office for a three-year term. However, the initial members of the three classes have initial terms of one, two and three years, respectively. At each annual meeting of shareholders, the successors to the class of trustees whose terms expire at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of shareholders held in the third year following the year of their election. Each trustee will hold office for the term to which he or she is elected and serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. 
 (3) Interested person of our company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Messrs. Clark and Walters are each an interested person because of their affiliation with Angelo Gordon. 
 Interested Trustees 
 Trevor Clark. Mr. Clark joined Angelo Gordon in 2014 to establish Twin Brook Capital Partners, the firm s middle market direct lending loan business. He is a Managing Director and a member of the firm s Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Advisor, and a trustee and Chairman of the Board of the Fund. Prior to joining Angelo Gordon, Mr. Clark was a co-founder and CEO of Madison Capital Funding LLC Madison Capital ), a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life Investments, where he oversaw all operational and strategic activities of the middle market lending operation. At Madison Capital, Mr. Clark led the Executive Committee that was responsible for all credit granting decisions and managed the relationship with New York Life Investments and other third-party investors. Prior to forming Madison Capital, Mr. Clark held various positions in loan underwriting and origination at Antares Capital, GE Capital, and Bank of America. He holds a B.A. degree from the University of Iowa, Iowa City and an M.B.A. degree from Indiana University, Bloomington. 
 Terrence Walters . Mr. Walters serves as a trustee, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Fund. Mr. Walters joined Angelo Gordon in 2019 as a Managing Director and serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Twin Brook Capital Partners, its middle market direct lending loan business. Mr. Walters previously served as Chief Accounting Officer for Twin Brook Capital Partners from 2019 to 2021. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Walters spent eight years in various roles with Victory Park Capital Advisors and Vitalogy Capital Partners. Prior to that, Mr. Walters worked at Citadel Group s fund 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 administrator, Omnium, as well as Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Walters holds a B.A. degree in accountancy and finance from Augustana College and a M.Acc. degree from the University of Iowa. He is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). 
 Independent Trustees 
 
 James E. Bowers. Mr. Bowers serves as an Independent Trustee and as a member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. He is the Chair of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Bowers also serves as an independent director of AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc. Since 2004, Mr. Bowers has served on the Board of Governors at Hartford Hospital. Since 2002, he has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Harvard Law School Association. From 2004 to 2018, Mr. Bowers was Senior Counsel at Day Pitney LLP. Since 2018, Mr. Bowers has been a private investor. Mr. Bowers holds a J.D. from Harvard Law School and a B.A. from the University of South Carolina. 
 James N. Hallene. Mr. Hallene serves as an Independent Trustee and as a member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Mr. Hallene also serves as an independent director of AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc. Mr. Hallene founded Capital Concepts Holdings, LLC, a Chicago-based private equity investment firm, in 1998 and currently serves as its principal. He is also a founding partner of CapX Partners, an equipment leasing finance company. Prior to founding Capital Concepts Holdings, LLC and CapX Partners, Mr. Hallene co-founded a data-consolidation company called MaxMiles. Prior to that, Mr. Hallene was employed at American National Bank, where he oversaw credit, mortgage, treasury management, and technology business units. Mr. Hallene served as vice chairman of MB Financial Corporation and is on the corporate boards of KeHE Distributors, LLC, The Hallstar Company, VSA Partners Holdings and Attorney s Title Guaranty Fund, Inc. He holds a B.A. in economics from the University of Illinois and an M.B.A. from Northwestern University s Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 
 Lance A. Ludwick. Mr. Ludwick serves as an Independent Trustee and as a member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. He is the Chair of our Audit Committee. Mr. Ludwick also serves as an independent director of AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc. He is the Vice President of Mergers Acquisitions at Sysco Corporation (the parent company of Bellissimo Holdings, LLC). Mr. Ludwick is also a principal of LC7 Advisors, LLC, a firm that provides M A advisory services and management/operational improvement consulting. Prior to that Mr. Ludwick served as the Vice President for Mergers Acquisitions and Corporate Strategy at US Foods, Inc. and the Vice President of Strategic Planning for Constellation Brands, Inc., as well as various other positions providing advice on mergers and acquisitions and corporate operational strategy. Mr. Ludwick holds a B.B.A. in Accounting from the University of Iowa. 
 Executive Officers Who Are Not Trustees 
 
 Richa Gulati joined Angelo Gordon in May 2022 as its Chief Compliance Officer and Associate General Counsel. Effective August 2022, Ms. Gulati also serves as the Chief Compliance Officer of AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc. Prior to joining Angelo Gordon, from 2015 to May 2022, Ms. Gulati served as Chief Compliance Officer and Counsel of Willett Advisors LLC, where she oversaw global compliance and regulatory affairs. Prior to Willett Advisors, Ms. Gulati served in various legal and compliance roles at Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. (2011 to 2015), and D.E. Shaw Co., L.P. (2008 to 2011), and began her career as a litigation associate at Cleary Gottlieb Steen Hamilton LLP (2005 to 2008). Ms. Gulati holds a B.A. degree from University of Texas at Austin and a J.D. degree from Harvard University. 
 Jenny B. Neslin joined Angelo Gordon s legal team as a Managing Director in April 2021 and serves as the Fund s General Counsel and Secretary. Ms. Neslin also serves as General Counsel and Secretary of AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (NYSE: MITT) and AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc., positions she has held since April 2021 and November 2021, respectively. Prior to joining Angelo Gordon, Ms. Neslin was Managing Director and Deputy General Counsel at Colony Capital, Inc. (NYSE: CLNY) Colony Capital ), which is now known as DigitalBridge Group, Inc. (NYSE: DBRG), from July 2013 to April 2021. At Colony Capital, Ms. Neslin was responsible for legal oversight of Colony Capital s capital markets activities (including public and private equity and debt offerings), ongoing disclosure and reporting obligations under U.S. federal securities laws and corporate governance matters. In addition, from August 2015 to January 2018, Ms. Neslin served as General Counsel and Secretary for each of NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. NS Income and NorthStar Real Estate Income II, Inc. NS Income II ). NS Income and NS Income II were public, non-traded real estate investment trusts managed by NorthStar Asset Management Group Inc. NorthStar ), until NorthStar s merger with Colony Capital in January 2017. Prior to joining an affiliate of NorthStar in July 2013, Ms. Neslin was an associate in the Capital Markets group at Clifford Chance US LLP, where she primarily advised REITs and investment banks in public and private capital markets transactions. Ms. Neslin holds a Bachelor of Music in Music Business from New York University and a Juris Doctor from Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Governance 
 The Role of the Board/Board Leadership Structure 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board. The Board consists of five members, three of whom are Independent Trustees. Among other things, the Board sets broad policies for us and approves the appointment of our investment adviser, administrator and officers. The role of the Board, and of any individual Trustee, is one of oversight and not of management of our day-to-day affairs. 
 
 Under our bylaws, our Board of Trustees may designate one of our Trustees as chair to preside over meetings of our Board of Trustees and meetings of shareholders, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by our Board of Trustees. The Board of Trustees has appointed Trevor Clark to serve in the role of chairperson of the Board of Trustees. The chairperson s role is to preside at all meetings of the Board of Trustees and to act as a liaison with the Adviser, counsel and other Trustees generally between meetings. The chairperson serves as a key point person for dealings between management and the Trustees. The chairperson also may perform such other functions as may be delegated by the Board of Trustees from time to time. The Board of Trustees reviews matters related to its leadership structure annually. The Board of Trustees has determined that its leadership structure is appropriate because it allows the Board of Trustees to exercise informed and independent judgment over the matters under its purview and it allocates areas of responsibility among committees of trustees and the full board in a manner that enhances effective oversight . 
 
 Board Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 The Board performs its risk oversight function primarily through (i) its standing committees, which report to the entire Board and are comprised solely of Independent Trustees, and (ii) active monitoring of our chief compliance officer and our compliance policies and procedures. Oversight of other risks is delegated to the committees. 
 
 Oversight of our investment activities extends to oversight of the risk management processes employed by the Adviser as part of its day-to-day management of our investment activities. The Board anticipates reviewing risk management processes at both regular and special board meetings throughout the year, consulting with appropriate representatives of the Adviser as necessary and periodically requesting the production of risk management reports or presentations. The goal of the Board s risk oversight function is to ensure that the risks associated with our investment activities are accurately identified, thoroughly investigated and responsibly addressed. Investors should note, however, that the Board s oversight function cannot eliminate all risks or ensure that particular events do not adversely affect the value of investments. 
 
 We believe that the role of the Board in risk oversight is effective and appropriate given the extensive regulation to which we are already subject as a BDC. As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements that control the levels of risk in our business and operations. For example, we are limited in our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates, including investing in any portfolio company in which one of our affiliates currently has an investment. 
 Board Meetings and Attendance 
 During 2022, our Board met two times, the Audit Committee met one time, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met one time. All of the Trustees attended at least 75 of the meetings of the Board and committees on which they serve. 
 Committees of the Board of Trustees 
 
 Our Board of Trustees has established two committees: an audit committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, and may establish additional committees in the future. We do not have a compensation committee because our executive officers do not receive any direct compensation from us. The Fund will hold annual meetings of shareholders. All trustees are expected to attend at least 75 of the aggregate number of meetings of our Board and of the respective committees on which they serve. We require each trustee to make a diligent effort to attend all Board and committee meetings as well as each annual meeting of our shareholders. 
 
 Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is currently composed of James E. Bowers, James N. Hallene and Lance A. Ludwick, all of whom are not considered interested persons of our company as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. Mr. Ludwick serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Our Board has determined that Mr. Ludwick is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K, as promulgated under the Exchange Act. Messrs. Bowers, Hallene and Ludwick meet the current requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 Act. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter approved by our Board, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include establishing guidelines and making recommendations to our Board regarding the valuation of our loans and investments; selecting our independent registered public accounting firm; reviewing with such independent registered public accounting firm the planning; scope and results of their audit of our financial statements; pre-approving the fees for services performed; reviewing with the independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of internal control systems; reviewing our annual audited financial statements; overseeing internal audit staff, if any, and periodic filings; and receiving our audit reports and financial statements. 
 
 A copy of the charter of the Audit Committee is available in print to any shareholder who requests it, and it will also be available on the Fund s website at www.AGTBCAP.com. 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are our Independent Trustees. James E. Bowers serves as chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for selecting, researching and nominating trustees for election by our shareholders, selecting nominees to fill vacancies on the board or a committee of the board, developing and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the board and our management. 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks candidates who possess the background, skills and expertise to make a significant contribution to our Board, our Fund and our shareholders. In considering possible candidates for election as a trustee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into account, in addition to such other factors as it deems relevant, the desirability of selecting trustees who: 
 
 are of high character and integrity; 
 are accomplished in their respective fields, with superior credentials and recognition; 
 have relevant expertise and experience upon which to be able to offer advice and guidance to management; 
 have sufficient time available to devote to our affairs; 
 are able to work with the other members of our Board and contribute to our success; 
 can represent the long-term interests of our shareholders as a whole; and 
 are selected such that our Board represents a range of backgrounds and experience. 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying trustee nominees. In determining whether to recommend a trustee nominee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers and discusses diversity, among other factors, with a view toward the needs of our Board as a whole. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee generally conceptualizes diversity expansively to include, without limitation, concepts such as race, gender, national origin, differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skill and other qualities that contribute to our Board, when identifying and recommending trustee nominees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that the inclusion of diversity as one of many factors considered in selecting trustee nominees is consistent with the goal of creating a board of trustees that best serves our needs and the interests of our shareholders. 
 
 A copy of the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is available in print to any shareholder who requests it, and it will also be available on the Fund s website at www.AGTBCAP.com. 
 Communications Between Shareholders and the Board of Trustees 
 Shareholders and other interested parties may contact any member (or all members) of the Board of Trustees by mail. To communicate with the Board of Trustees, any individual Trustees or any group or committee of Trustees, correspondence should be addressed to the Board of Trustees or any such individual Trustees or group or committee of Trustees by either name or title. All such correspondence should be sent to c/o AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser have adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. The code of ethics is applicable to our executive officers and trustees, as well as all employees of our Adviser who provide services to the Company. We hereby undertake to provide a copy of the codes to any person, without charge, upon request. Requests for a copy of the codes may be made in writing addressed to the Secretary of the Company, Jenny 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 B. Neslin, AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10167. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of required provisions of the code of ethics on Form 8-K or on the Company s website. 
 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Section 16(a) of the 1940 Act requires our executive officers, members of our Board, and persons who own more than ten percent of our shares to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, we believe that, with respect to fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, such persons complied with all such filing requirements. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Our executive officers, who are employees of Angelo Gordon, do not receive any direct compensation from us. We have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion of the compensation paid to or compensatory distributions received by our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, General Counsel and any of their respective staff who provide services to us, operations staff who provide services to us, and any internal audit staff, to the extent internal audit performs a role in our Sarbanes-Oxley internal control assessment. In addition, to the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions at cost. We have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion of the compensation of any personnel that it provides for our use. 
 The advisory agreement and the administration agreement each provides that the Advisor and its officers, directors, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with them acting as our agent shall be entitled to indemnification (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) for any liability or loss suffered by the Advisor or such other person, and the Advisor and such other person shall be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by us, if (i) the Advisor has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct which caused the loss or liability was in our best interests, (ii) the Advisor or such other person was acting on behalf of or performing services for us, (iii) the liability or loss suffered was not the result of willful malfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence by the Advisor or an affiliate thereof acting as our agent, and (iv) the indemnification or agreement to hold the Advisor or such other person harmless is only recoverable out of our net assets and not from our shareholders. 
 
 Compensation of Trustees 
 Our Trustees who do not also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or the Adviser are entitled to receive annual cash retainer fees. These Trustees are Lance A. Ludwick, James N. Hallene, and James E. Bowers. Our Independent Trustees annual retainer fee is 60,000 payable quarterly in cash on a prorated basis. 
 We also reimburse each of the Trustees for all reasonable and authorized business expenses in accordance with our policies as in effect from time to time, including reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending each board meeting and each committee meeting not held concurrently with a board meeting. 
 
 We will not pay compensation to our Trustees who also serve in an executive officer capacity for us or the Adviser. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth, as of March 16, 2023 information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Shares by: 
 
 each person known to us to be expected to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding Common Shares; 
 each of our Trustees and each executive officers; and 
 all of our Trustees and executive officers as a group. 
 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. There are no Common Shares subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 within 60 days of the offering. Common Shares outstanding exclude March 1, 2023 subscriptions since the issuance price is not yet finalized at the date of this filing. 
 Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Address Number Percentage (1) Interested Trustees Trevor Clark Terrence Walters Independent Trustees(2) James E. Bowers James N. Hallene Lance A. Ludwick Executive Officers who are not Trustees(1) Jenny B. Neslin Richa Gulati All officers and Trustees as a group (7 persons) 5 Shareholders AGTB BDC Holdings, L.P.(3) 8,902,078.502 42.50 State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio(4) 3,963,691.070 18.92 Affiliated Independent Distributors, Inc.(5) 1,987,459.919 9.49 Permanent Fund Investments, LLC(6) 1,987,459.919 9.49 The Nomura Trust and Banking Co. Ltd. as the Trustee of Nomura Angelo Gordon BDC Fund (Yen Hedged Type) 2210 and as the Trustee of Nomura Angelo Gordon BDC Fund (Unhedged Type) 2210(7) 1,955,220.399 9.34 CCLF-LA Supporting Organization(8) 1,195,624.237 5.71 
 (1) Percentage of 20,945,029.857 outstanding Common Shares of the Fund as of March 16, 2023. 
 (2) The address for all of the Fund s officers and Trustees is c/o AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. (3) AGTB BDC Holdings GP LLC ("BDC Holdings GP") is the sole general partner of AGTB BDC Holdings, L.P. BDC Holdings ). Angelo Gordon is the investment advisor to BDC Holdings and sole member of BDC Holdings GP, AG GP LLC ("AG GP") is the sole general partner of Angelo Gordon, and Mr. Josh Baumgarten and Mr. Adam Schwartz are the co-managing members of AG GP. Each of Messrs. Baumgarten and Schwartz, and AG GP may be deemed to control Angelo Gordon. Each of BDC Holdings GP, Angelo Gordon, AG GP and Messrs. Baumgarten and Schwartz disclaim beneficial ownership of the Common Shares reported herein except to the extent of its or his pecuniary interest therein. The address for AGTB BDC Holdings, L.P. is 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10167. (4) The address for State Teachers Retirement System of Ohio is 275 East Broad Street, Columbus, Ohio 43215. (5) The address for Affiliated Independent Distributors, Inc. is 500 E. Swedesford Rd., Suite 200, Wayne, Pennsylvania 19087. (6) The address for Permanent Fund Investments, LLC is c/o The Southern Ute Indian Tribe, 356 Ouray Dr., Ignacio, Colorado 81137. (7) The address for The Nomura Trust and Banking Co. Ltd. is 2-2-2, Otemachi, Chiyoda-Ku, Tokyo, Japan 100-0004. (8) The address for CCLF-LA Supporting Organization is 3440 Wilshire Blvd. #530, Los Angeles, California 90010. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 DOLLAR RANGE OF SECURITIES BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY TRUSTEES 
 Set forth in the table below is the dollar range of our equity securities beneficially owned by each trustee as of the date of this report. 
 Name of Trustee Dollar Range of Equity Securities Beneficially Owned in the Company (1)(2) 
 Independent Trustees: James E. Bowers None James N. Hallene None Lance A. Ludwick None Interested Trustees: Trevor Clark None Terrence Walters None 
 (1) The dollar ranges are as follows: none, 1 10,000, 10,001 50,000, 50,001 100,000 or over 100,000. 
 (2) Beneficial ownership determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Trustee Independence 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
 
 Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement 
 
 We have entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a management fee at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of the Company s net assets as of the beginning of the first business day of the applicable month. For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, net assets means the Company s total assets less liabilities determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. We also pay the Adviser a two-part incentive fee based on (i) the amount by which our pre-incentive fee net investment income returns exceed a certain hurdle rate and (ii) our capital gains. In addition, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, we will reimburse the Adviser and Administrator for certain expenses as they occur. See Item 1. Business-Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration Agreement, and Item 1. Business-Payment of Our Expenses under the Investment Advisory and Administration Agreements. Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement has been approved by the Board. Unless earlier terminated, each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date it first became effective and will remain in effect from year-to-year thereafter if approved annually by a majority of the Board, including a majority of independent trustees, or by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities (as defined by the 1940 Act) and, in each case, a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 Resource Sharing Agreement 
 The Advisor is a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Company s investment activities are managed by its investment adviser, which is responsible for (i) originating prospective investments, (ii) conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, (iii) analyzing investment opportunities, (iv) negotiating and structuring the Company s investments, and (v) monitoring the Company s investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 The Advisor has entered into a resource sharing agreement with Angelo Gordon, pursuant to which Angelo Gordon will provide the Advisor with experienced investment professionals (including the members of the Advisor's Investment Committee) and access to the resources of Angelo Gordon to enable the Advisor to fulfill its obligations under the Investment Management Agreement. Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, the Advisor intends to capitalize on the significant deal origination, credit underwriting, due diligence, investment structuring, execution, portfolio management and monitoring experience of Angelo Gordon s investment professionals. 
 Several of our executive officers and our Chair of the board of trustees have ownership and financial interests in Angelo Gordon. Our Chief Executive Officer also serves as the Portfolio Manager of several Angelo Gordon funds that currently and in the future will have investment objectives similar to ours. In addition, our executive officers and trustees serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or related line of business as we do or of 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 investment funds, accounts, or investment vehicles managed by Angelo Gordon and/or its affiliates. Similarly, Angelo Gordon and its affiliates may have other clients with similar, different or competing investment objectives. 
 Co-Investment Relief 
 
 An affiliate of the Adviser has received an exemptive order from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that permits us, among other things, to co-invest with certain other persons, including certain affiliates of the Adviser and certain funds managed and controlled by the Adviser and its affiliates, subject to certain terms and conditions. Pursuant to such order, the Fund s board of trustees (the Board of Trustees and each member of the Board of Trustees, a Trustee may establish objective criteria Board Criteria clearly defining co-investment opportunities in which the Fund will have the opportunity to participate with one or more listed or private Angelo Gordon-managed BDCs, including us (the Angelo Gordon BDCs ), and other public or private Angelo Gordon funds that target similar assets. If an investment falls within the Board Criteria, Angelo Gordon must offer an opportunity for the Angelo Gordon BDCs to participate. The Angelo Gordon BDCs may determine to participate or not to participate, depending on whether the Adviser determines that the investment is appropriate for the Angelo Gordon BDCs (e.g., based on investment strategy). The co-investment would generally be allocated to us, any other Angelo Gordon BDCs (including AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc.) and the other Angelo Gordon funds that target similar assets pro rata based on available capital in the applicable asset class. If the Adviser determines that such investment is not appropriate for us, the investment will not be allocated to us, but the Adviser will be required to report such investment and the rationale for its determination for us to not participate in the investment to the Board of Trustees at the next quarterly board meeting. 
 License Agreement 
 We have also entered into a trademark license agreement with Angelo Gordon under which Angelo Gordon has agreed to grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Angelo Gordon and other similar related marks. 
 
 The Merger 
 
 In connection with the Company s Merger with the Private BDC, on December 30, 2022, the Company and the Private BDC entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ). The Boards of Trustees of both the Company and Private BDC, in each case, including the majority of the trustees who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act )), approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, consistent with the requirements under Rule 17a-8 of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company and Private BDC caused the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger (the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 30, 2022. The Merger became effective on January 1, 2023 (the Effective Time ), as agreed to by the parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger. 
 
 At the Effective Time, common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of Private BDC outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into a number of the Company s Class I shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, equal to a ratio of one to one. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 The Audit Committee conducts quarterly reviews of any potential related party transactions brought to its attention and, during these reviews, it also considers any conflicts of interest brought to its attention pursuant to the Company's Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics. Each of our trustees and executive officers is instructed and periodically reminded to inform Compliance of any potential related party transactions. In addition, each such trustee and executive officer completes a questionnaire on an annual basis designed to elicit information about any potential related party transactions. 
 
 Trustee Independence 
 
 For information regarding the independence of our trustees, see Item 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, or PwC, has been selected to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. We know of no direct financial or material indirect financial interest of PwC in us. 
 Fees 
 PwC has acted as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Set forth in the table below are audit fees and non-audit related fees billed to us by PwC for professional services performed for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Fiscal Year Audit Fees Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees 2022 80,000 
 Audit Fees consist of fees billed to us by PwC, for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements. 
 Audit-Related Fees are those fees billed to us by PwC relating to audit services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 
 Tax Fees are those fees billed to us by PwC in connection with tax compliance services, including primarily the review of our income tax returns. 
 All Other Fees are those fees billed to us by PwC in connection with permitted non-audit services. 
 Our audit committee reviews, negotiates and approves in advance the scope of work, any related engagement letter and the fees to be charged by the independent registered public accounting firm for audit services and permitted non-audit services for us. All of the audit and non-audit services described above for which PwC billed us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

110 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. Description 
 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust , dated January 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5 , 202 3 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By laws, dated January 1 , 202 3 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Rep ort on Form 8-K , filed with the SEC on January 5 , 202 3 
 4. 1 
 Description of Securities 
 10.1 
 Investment Management Agreement, dated October 25, 2022, by and between the Company and the Adviser 
 10.2 
 Amended and Restated Intermediary Manager Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, by and between the Company and Foreside Financial Services, LLC 
 10.3 
 Form of Selected Intermediary Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.(H)(2) to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement on Form N-2/A, filed with the SEC on December 12, 2022) 
 10.4 
 Distribution and Servicing Plan, dated October 25, 2022 
 10.5 
 Global Custody Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association 
 10.6 
 Administration Agreement, dated October 25, 2022, by and between the Company and the Adviser 
 10.7 
 Services Agreement, dated October 24, 2022, by and between the Company and DST Systems, Inc. 
 10.8 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement, dated October 25, 2022, by and between the Company and the Adviser 
 10. 9 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2022, by and among Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC. AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, the Lenders (defined therein) party thereto, Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2023) 
 10.1 0 
 Amendment No.1 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2022, by and among Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC. AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, the Lenders (defined therein) party thereto, Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2023) 
 10.1 1 
 Loan, Security and Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII ASPV, LLC, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC, AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, the Lenders (defined therein) party thereto, Ally Bank and Computershare Trust Company, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2023) 
 10.1 2 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund Multiple Class Plan, dated October 25, 2022 
 10.1 3 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan, dated October 25, 2022 
 14.1 
 Joint Code of Ethics of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund and AGTB Fund Manager, LLC 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 31.1 
 Certification of Trevor Clark pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Terrence Walters pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Trevor Clark pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 32.2 
 Certification of Terrence Walters pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 
 Audited Financial Statements of AGTB Private BDC 
 
 ___________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not applicable. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Trevor Clark Trevor Clark Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Trustees, and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Trevor Clark, Terrence Walters and Jenny B. Neslin as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Trevor Clark Trevor Clark Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Trustees, and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Terrence Walters Terrence Walters Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Trustee (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 16, 2023 By: /s/ James E. Bowers James E. Bowers Independent Trustee March 16, 2023 By: /s/ James N. Hallene James N. Hallene Independent Trustee March 16, 2023 By: /s/ Lance A. Ludwick Lance A. Ludwick Independent Trustee 
 113 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 a2022ex41-descriptionofour.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF OUR SHARES 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of Delaware law and on AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund s (the Company, Fund, we, us or our Declaration of Trust and bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part.. This summary is not necessarily complete, and we refer you to our Declaration of Trust and our bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Shares is attached as an exhibit. 
 General 
 The terms of the Declaration of Trust authorize an unlimited number of Common Shares of any class, par value 0.001 per share, of which 20,945,029 shares were outstanding as of March 15, 2023, and an unlimited number of shares of preferred shares, par value 0.001 per share. Common shares outstanding exclude March 1, 2023 subscriptions since the issuance price is not yet finalized at the date of this filing. The Declaration of Trust provides that the Board of Trustees may classify or reclassify any unissued Common Shares into one or more classes or series of Common Shares or preferred shares by setting or changing the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, or limitations as to dividends, qualifications, or terms or conditions of redemption of the shares. There is currently no market for our Common Shares, and we can offer no assurances that a market for our shares will develop in the future. We do not intend for the shares offered under this prospectus to be listed on any national securities exchange. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our shares. No shares have been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, shareholders shall be entitled to the same limited liability extended to shareholders of private Delaware for profit corporations formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8 Del. C. 100, et. seq. Our Declaration of Trust provides that no shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to us by reason of being a shareholder, nor shall any shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any person in connection with the Fund s assets or the affairs of the Fund by reason of being a shareholder. 
 None of our shares are subject to further calls or to assessments, sinking fund provisions, obligations of the Fund or potential liabilities associated with ownership of the security (not including investment risks). In addition, except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of Common Shares, no shareholder shall be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with any transaction. 
 Common Shares 
 Under the terms of our Declaration of Trust, all Common Shares will have equal rights as to voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Dividends and distributions may be paid to the holders of our Common Shares if, as and when authorized by our Board of Trustees and declared by us out of funds legally available therefore. Except as may be provided by our Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, our Common Shares will have no preemptive, exchange, conversion, appraisal or redemption rights and will be freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract and except that, in order to avoid the possibility that our assets could be treated as plan assets, we may require any person proposing to acquire Common Shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine whether such person is a benefit plan investor or a controlling person, restrict or prohibit transfers of such shares or redeem any outstanding shares for such price and on such other terms and conditions as may be determined by or at the direction of the Board of Trustees. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our Common Shares would be entitled to share pro rata in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred shares, if any preferred shares are outstanding at such time. Subject to the rights of holders of any other class or series of shares, each share of our Common Shares will be entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of Trustees. Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified shares, and subject to the express terms of any class or series of preferred shares, the holders of our Common Shares will possess exclusive voting power. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of Trustees. Subject to the special rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred shares to elect Trustees, each Trustee will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast with respect to such Trustee s election except in the case of a contested election (as defined in our bylaws), in which case Trustees will be elected by a majority of the votes cast in the contested election of Trustees. Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect trustees. 
 Class S Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class S shares, however, if you purchase Class S shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 3.5 cap on NAV for Class S shares. 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class S shares equal to 0.85 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S shares, including any Class S shares issued pursuant to our DRIP. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating 

brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and, at the request of the Fund, will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class S shares are generally available for purchases through brokerage and transaction-based accounts. 
 Class D Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions are paid for sales of any Class D shares, however, if you purchase Class D shares from certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge you transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to 1.5 cap on NAV for Class D shares. 
 We pay the Intermediary Manager selling commissions over time as a shareholder servicing and or distribution fee with respect to our outstanding Class D shares equal to 0.25 per annum of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class D shares, including any Class D shares issued pursuant to our DRIP. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid monthly in arrears. The Intermediary Manager reallows (pays) all or a portion of the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to participating brokers and servicing brokers for ongoing shareholder services performed by such brokers, and, at the request of the Fund, will waive shareholder servicing and or distribution fees to the extent a broker is not eligible to receive it for failure to provide such services. 
 Class D shares are generally available for purchase only 
 (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class D shares, 
 
 (2) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class D shares, 
 (3) through transaction brokerage platforms at participating brokers, 
 (4) through certain registered investment advisers, 
 (5) through bank trust departments or any other organization or person authorized to act in a fiduciary capacity for its clients or customers or 
 (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus. 
 Class I Shares 
 No upfront selling commissions or shareholder servicing and or distribution fees are paid for sales of any Class I shares and financial intermediaries will not charge you transaction or other such fees on Class I Shares. 
 Class I shares are generally available for purchase only 
 (1) through fee-based programs, also known as wrap accounts, that provide access to Class I shares, 
 (2) by endowments, foundations, pension funds and other institutional investors, 
 (3) through participating brokers that have alternative fee arrangements with their clients to provide access to Class I shares, 
 (4) through certain registered investment advisers, 
 (5) by our executive officers and trustees and their immediate family members, as well as officers and employees of the Adviser, Angelo Gordon or other affiliates and their immediate family members, and joint venture partners, consultants and other service providers or 
 (6) by other categories of investors that we name in an amendment or supplement to this prospectus. 
 In certain cases, where a holder of Class S or Class D shares exits a relationship with a participating broker and does not enter into a new relationship with a participating broker, such holder s shares may be exchanged into an equivalent NAV amount of Class I shares. 
 Other Terms of Common Shares 
 To the extent that Class S shares and Class D shares are outstanding, we will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares on the earlier to occur of the following (i) a listing of Class I shares, (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or (iii) the date following the completion of the primary portion of the offering on which, in the aggregate, underwriting compensation from all sources, including the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee and other underwriting compensation, is equal to 10 of the gross proceeds. In addition, consistent with the exemptive relief that we have applied for, which will allow us to offer multiple classes of shares, at the end of the month in which the Intermediary Manager in conjunction with the transfer agent determines that total transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, and shareholder servicing and or distribution fees paid with respect to the shares held in a shareholder s account would exceed, in the aggregate, 10 of the gross proceeds from the 

sale of such shares (or a lower limit as determined by the Intermediary Manager or the applicable selling agent), we will cease paying the shareholder servicing and or distribution fee on the Class S shares and Class D shares in such shareholder s account. Compensation paid with respect to the shares in a shareholder s account will be allocated among each share such that the compensation paid with respect to each individual share will not exceed 10 of the offering price of such share. We may modify this requirement in a manner that is consistent with applicable exemptive relief. At the end of such month, the Class S shares or Class D shares in such shareholder s account will convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares), with an equivalent aggregate NAV as such Class S or Class D shares. In addition, immediately before any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each Class S share and Class D share will automatically convert into a number of Class I shares (including any fractional shares) with an equivalent NAV as such share. 
 Preferred Shares 
 Under the terms of the Declaration of Trust, our Board of Trustees may authorize us to issue preferred shares in one or more classes or series without shareholder approval, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. The Board of Trustees has the power to fix the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred shares. We do not currently anticipate issuing preferred shares in the near future. In the event we issue preferred shares, we will make any required disclosure to shareholders. We will not offer preferred shares to the Adviser or our affiliates except on the same terms as offered to all other shareholders. 
 Preferred shares could be issued with terms that would adversely affect the shareholders, provided that we may not issue any preferred shares that would limit or subordinate the voting rights of holders of our Common Shares. Preferred shares could also be used as an anti-takeover device through the issuance of shares of a class or series of preferred shares with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control. Every issuance of preferred shares will be required to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to common shares and before any purchase of common shares is made, such preferred shares together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred shares, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class voting separately to elect two Trustees at all times and to elect a majority of the Trustees if distributions on such preferred shares are in arrears by two full years or more. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of preferred shares (as determined in accordance with the 1940 Act) voting together as a separate class. For example, the vote of such holders of preferred shares would be required to approve a proposal involving a plan of reorganization adversely affecting such securities. 
 The issuance of any preferred shares must be approved by a majority of our Independent Trustees not otherwise interested in the transaction, who will have access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or to independent legal counsel. 
 Limitation on Liability of Trustees and Officers Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Delaware law permits a Delaware statutory trust to include in its declaration of trust a provision to indemnify and hold harmless any trustee or beneficial owner or other person from and against any and all claims and demands whatsoever. Our Declaration of Trust provides that our Trustees and the Delaware Trustee will not be liable to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a trustee to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to U.S. federal securities laws, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act. Our Declaration of Trust provides for the indemnification of any person to the full extent permitted, and in the manner provided, by Delaware law, subject to U.S. federal securities laws, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify certain persons for any liability to which such persons would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his or her office. 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and subject to certain exceptions described therein, we will indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (i) any individual who is a present or former Trustee, Delaware Trustee, or officer of the Fund and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (ii) any individual who, while a Trustee, Delaware Trustee or officer of the Fund and at the request of the Fund, serves or has served as a trustee, Delaware trustee, officer, partner or trustee of any corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity (each such person, an Indemnitee ), in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to U.S. federal securities laws, including, without limitation, the 1940 Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not provide indemnification for any loss, liability or expense arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by an Indemnitee unless (i) there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged securities law violations, (ii) such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction, or (iii) a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnitee and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which securities were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 We will not indemnify an Indemnitee against any liability or loss suffered by such Indemnitee unless (i) the Fund determines in good faith that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the best interest of the Fund, (ii) the Indemnitee was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Fund, (iii) such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence or misconduct, 

in the case that the party seeking indemnification is a Trustee (other than an independent Trustee or the Delaware Trustee), officer, employee, controlling person or agent of the Fund, (B) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is an independent Trustee or (C) gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct, in the case that the party seeking indemnification is the Delaware Trustee, and (iv) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of assets of the Fund and not from the shareholders. 
 Delaware Law and Certain Declaration of Trust Provisions 
 Organization and Duration 
 We were formed in Delaware on January 27, 2022, and will remain in existence until dissolved in accordance with our Declaration of Trust or pursuant to Delaware law. 
 Purpose 
 Under the Declaration of Trust, we are permitted to engage in any business activity that lawfully may be conducted by a statutory trust organized under Delaware law and, in connection therewith, to exercise all of the rights and powers conferred upon us pursuant to the agreements relating to such business activity. 
 Our Declaration of Trust contains provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, authorize the issuance of shares in one or more classes or series, including preferred shares our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, amend our Declaration of Trust to increase the number of our Common Shares, of any class or series, that we will have authority to issue and our Declaration of Trust provides that, while we do not intend to list our shares on any securities exchange, if any class of our shares is listed on a national securities exchange, our Board of Trustees will be divided into three classes of Trustees serving staggered terms of three years each. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board of Trustees. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 
 Sales and Leases to the Fund 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, except as otherwise permitted under the 1940 Act, we may not purchase or lease assets in which the Adviser or any of its affiliates have an interest unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction is fully disclosed to the shareholders in a prospectus or in a periodic report and (b) the assets are sold or leased upon terms that are reasonable to us and at a price not to exceed the lesser of cost or fair market value as determined by an independent expert. Subject to the 1940 Act, the Adviser may purchase assets in its own name (and assume loans in connection) and temporarily hold title, for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition of the assets, the borrowing of money, obtaining financing for us, or the completion of construction of the assets, so long as all of the following conditions are met (i) the assets are purchased by us at a price no greater than the cost of the assets to the Adviser (ii) all income generated by, and the expenses associated with, the assets so acquired will be treated as belonging to us and (iii) there are no other benefits arising out of such transaction to the Adviser apart from compensation otherwise permitted by the Omnibus Guidelines, as adopted by the NASAA. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not expect the Adviser to purchase assets in its own name. 
 Sales and Leases to our Adviser, Trustees or Affiliates 
 The Fund does not expect to sell or lease to any of its Adviser, Trustees or Affiliates, and to the extent that it does, it may only do so in a manner that is not prohibited under the 1940 Act. Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, we may not sell assets to the Adviser or any of its affiliates unless such sale is approved by the holders of a majority of our outstanding Common Shares. Our Declaration of Trust also provides that we may not lease assets to the Adviser or any affiliate thereof unless all of the following conditions are met (a) the transaction is fully disclosed to the shareholders in a prospectus or in a periodic report and (b) the terms of the transaction are fair and reasonable to us. 
 Loans 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, except for the advancement of indemnification funds, no loans, credit facilities, credit agreements or otherwise may be made by us to the Adviser or any of its affiliates. 
 Commissions on Financing, Refinancing or Reinvestment 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, unless otherwise permitted by the 1940 Act or applicable guidance or exemptive relief of the SEC, we generally may not pay, directly or indirectly, a commission or fee to the Adviser or any of its affiliates in connection with the reinvestment of cash available for distribution, available reserves, or the proceeds of the resale, exchange or refinancing of assets. 

Lending Practices 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, with respect to financing made available to us by the Adviser, the Adviser may not receive interest in excess of the lesser of the Adviser s cost of funds or the amounts that would be charged by unrelated lending institutions on comparable loans for the same purpose. The Adviser may not impose a prepayment charge or penalty in connection with such financing and the Adviser may not receive points or other financing charges. In addition, the Adviser will be prohibited from providing financing to us with a term in excess of 12 months. 
 Number of Trustees Vacancies Removal 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of trustees is set only by the Board in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board may at any time increase or decrease the number of trustees. Our Declaration of Trust provides that the number of trustees generally may not be less than three. Except as otherwise required by applicable requirements of the 1940 Act and as may be provided by our Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred shares, pursuant to an election under our Declaration of Trust, any and all vacancies on our Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining trustees in office, even if the remaining trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any trustee elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the trustee for whom the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualified, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Independent Trustees will nominate replacements for any vacancies among the independent trustees positions. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that a trustee may be removed (i) by the holders of at least a majority of the Shares then entitled to vote in an election of Trustees, with or without cause, or (ii) only for cause and only by a majority of the remaining trustees (or in the case of the removal of a trustee that is not an interested person, a majority of the remaining trustees that are not interested persons). 
 Under the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, the Fund is required at all times to have a trustee residing in the State of Delaware. The Delaware Trustee has been appointed solely to satisfy the residency requirement of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, accept legal process served on the Fund in the State of Delaware, and execute any certificate required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under Section 3811 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute. The Delaware Trustee is not and will not be a member of the Board of Trustees. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any obligation at law or in equity owed by the Delaware Trustee to the trustees or the Fund are replaced by the terms of the Declaration of Trust. Unless explicitly stated, references in this prospectus to a trustee or the trustees of the Fund should not be read to include the Delaware Trustee. 
 Action by Shareholders 
 Our bylaws provide that shareholder action can be taken at an annual meeting or a special meeting of shareholders or by unanimous consent in lieu of a meeting. The shareholders will only have voting rights as required by the 1940 Act or as otherwise provided for in the Declaration of Trust. The Fund will hold annual meetings. Special meetings may be called by the Trustees and certain of our officers, and will be limited to the purposes for any such special meeting set forth in the notice thereof. In addition, our organizational documents provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the shareholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of shareholders will be called by our secretary upon the written request of shareholders entitled to cast 10 or more of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting. The secretary shall provide all shareholders, within 10 days after receipt of said request, written notice either in person or by mail of the date, time and location of such requested special meeting and the purpose of the meeting. Any special meeting called by such shareholders is required to be held not less than fifteen nor more than 60 days after notice is provided to shareholders of the special meeting. We may postpone or cancel a meeting of shareholders by making a public announcement (as defined in our bylaws) of such postponement or cancellation prior to the meeting. Notice of the date, time and place to which the meeting is postponed shall be given not less than 10 days prior to such date and otherwise in the manner set forth in this section. These provisions will have the effect of significantly reducing the ability of shareholders being able to have proposals considered at a meeting of shareholders. 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Trustees at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the Board of Trustees or (3) provided that the Board of Trustees has determined that Trustees will be elected at the meeting, by a shareholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Declaration of Trust. 
 Our Declaration of Trust also provides that, subject to the provisions of any class or series of shares then outstanding and the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the following actions may be taken by the shareholders, without concurrence by our Board of Trustees or the Adviser, upon a vote by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote to 
 modify the Declaration of Trust 
 remove the Adviser or appoint a new investment adviser 
 dissolve the Fund or 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business. 

The purpose of requiring shareholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business, as set forth in our bylaws, is to afford our Board of Trustees a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board of Trustees, to inform shareholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of shareholders. Although our Declaration of Trust does not give our Board of Trustees any power to disapprove shareholder nominations for the election of Trustees or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of Trustees or the consideration of shareholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of trustees or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 
 Our Adviser may not, without the approval of a vote by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on such matters 
 amend the investment advisory agreement except for amendments that would not adversely affect the rights of our shareholders 
 except as otherwise permitted under the Advisory Agreement, voluntarily withdraw as our investment adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect our tax status and would not materially adversely affect our shareholders 
 appoint a new investment adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and applicable law) or 
 sell all or substantially all of our assets other than in the ordinary course of business. 
 Amendment of the Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that shareholders are entitled to vote upon a proposed amendment to the Declaration of Trust if the amendment would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares held by such shareholders so as to affect them adversely. Approval of any such amendment requires at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders at a meeting of shareholders duly called and at which a quorum is present. In addition, amendments to our Declaration of Trust to make our Common Shares a redeemable security or to convert the Fund, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company each must be approved by (a) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter prior to the occurrence of a listing of any class of our shares on a national securities exchange and (b) the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter upon and following the occurrence of a listing of any class of our shares on a national securities exchange. 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that our Board of Trustees has the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our bylaws and to make new bylaws. Except as described above and for certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust relating to shareholder voting and the removal of trustees, our Declaration of Trust provides that our Board of Trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust without any vote of our shareholders. 
 
 Actions by the Board Related to Merger, Conversion, Reorganization or Dissolution 
 The Board of Trustees may, without the approval of our shareholders, approve a merger, conversion, consolidation or other reorganization of the Fund, provided that the resulting entity is a business development company under the 1940 Act. The Fund will not permit the Adviser to cause any merger or other reorganization of the Fund without the affirmative vote by the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the outstanding shares of the Fund entitled to vote on the matter. 
 Derivative Actions 
 No person, other than a Trustee, who is not a shareholder shall be entitled to bring any derivative action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of the Fund. No shareholder may maintain a derivative action on behalf of the Fund unless holders of at least 10 of the outstanding shares join in the bringing of such action, except that such provision does not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act. In addition, the Fund s Declaration of Trust prohibits derivative actions on behalf of the Fund by any person who is not a Trustee or shareholder of the Fund, except that such provision does not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act. 
 In addition to the requirements set forth in Section 3816 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute, a shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of the Fund only if the following conditions are met (i) the shareholder or shareholders must make a pre-suit demand upon the Board of Trustees to bring the subject action unless an effort to cause the Board of Trustees to bring such an action is not likely to succeed, except that such provision does not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act and a demand on the Board of Trustees shall only be deemed not likely to succeed and therefore excused if a majority of the Board of Trustees, or a majority of any committee established to consider the merits of such action, is composed of Board of Trustees who are not independent Trustees (as that term is defined in the Delaware Statutory Trust Statute) and (ii) unless a demand is not required under clause (i) above, the Board of Trustees must be afforded a reasonable amount of time to consider such shareholder request and to investigate the basis of such claim and the Board of Trustees shall be entitled to retain counsel or other advisors in considering the merits of the request and may require an undertaking by the shareholders making such request to reimburse the Fund for the expense of any such advisors in the event that the Board of Trustees determine not to bring 

such action, except that such provision does not apply to any claims asserted under the U.S. federal securities laws including, without limitation, the 1940 Act. For purposes of this paragraph, the Board of Trustees may designate a committee of one or more Trustees to consider a shareholder demand. 
 Restrictions on Roll-Up Transactions 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, which, in general terms, is any transaction involving the acquisition, merger, conversion or consolidation, directly or indirectly, of us and the issuance of securities of an entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, we will obtain an appraisal of all of our properties from an independent expert. In order to qualify as an independent expert for this purpose, the person or entity must have no material current or prior business or personal relationship with us and must be engaged to a substantial extent in the business of rendering opinions regarding the value of assets of the type held by us, who is qualified to perform such work. Our assets will be appraised on a consistent basis, and the appraisal will be based on the evaluation of all relevant information and will indicate the value of our assets as of a date immediately prior to the announcement of the proposed roll-up transaction. The appraisal will assume an orderly liquidation of our assets over a 12-month period. The terms of the engagement of such independent expert will clearly state that the engagement is for our benefit and the benefit of our shareholders. We will include a summary of the appraisal, indicating all material assumptions underlying the appraisal, in a report to the shareholders in connection with the proposed roll-up transaction. If the appraisal will be included in a prospectus used to offer the securities of the roll-up entity, the appraisal will be filed with the SEC and the states as an exhibit to the registration statement for the offering. 
 
 In connection with a proposed roll-up transaction, the person sponsoring the roll-up transaction must offer to the shareholders who vote against the proposal a choice of 
 accepting the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction offered in the proposed roll-up transaction or 
 one of the following 
 remaining as shareholders and preserving their interests in us on the same terms and conditions as existed previously or 
 receiving cash in an amount equal to their pro rata share of the appraised value of our net assets. 
 We are prohibited from participating in any proposed roll-up transaction 
 which would result in shareholders having voting rights in the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction that are less than those provided in the charter, including rights with respect to the election and removal of directors, annual and special meetings, amendments to the charter and our dissolution 
 which includes provisions that would operate as a material impediment to, or frustration of, the accumulation of Common Shares by any purchaser of the securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction, except to the minimum extent necessary to preserve the tax status of such entity, or which would limit the ability of an investor to exercise the voting rights of its securities of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction on the basis of the number of shares held by that investor 
 in which shareholders rights to access to records of the entity that would be created or would survive after the successful completion of the roll-up transaction will be less than those provided in the charter 
 in which we would bear any of the costs of the roll-up transaction if the shareholders reject the roll-up transaction or 
 unless the organizational documents of the entity that would survive the roll-up transaction provide that neither its adviser nor its intermediary-manager may vote or consent on matters submitted to its shareholders regarding the removal of its adviser or any transaction between it and its adviser or any of its affiliates. 
 Access to Records 
 Any shareholder will be permitted access to all of our records to which they are entitled under applicable law at all reasonable times and may inspect and copy any of them for a reasonable copying charge. Inspection of our records by the office or agency administering the securities laws of a jurisdiction will be provided upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours. An alphabetical list of the names, addresses and business telephone numbers of our shareholders, along with the number of Common Shares held by each of them, will be maintained as part of our books and records and will be available for inspection by any shareholder or the shareholder s designated agent at our office. The shareholder list will be updated at least quarterly to reflect changes in the information contained therein. A copy of the list will be mailed to any shareholder who requests the list within ten days of the request. A shareholder may request a copy of the shareholder list for any proper and legitimate purpose, including, without limitation, in connection with matters relating to voting rights and the exercise of shareholder rights under federal proxy laws. A shareholder requesting a list will be required to pay reasonable costs of postage and duplication. Such copy of the shareholder list shall be printed in alphabetical order, on white paper, and in readily readable type size (no smaller than 10 point font). 
 A shareholder may also request access to any other corporate records to which they are entitled under applicable law. If a proper request for the shareholder list or any other corporate records is not honored, then the requesting shareholder will be entitled to recover certain costs incurred in compelling the production of the list or other requested corporate records as well as actual damages 

suffered by reason of the refusal or failure to produce the list. However, a shareholder will not have the right to, and we may require a requesting shareholder to represent that it will not, secure the shareholder list or other information for the purpose of selling or using the list for a commercial purpose not related to the requesting shareholder s interest in our affairs. We may also require that such shareholder sign a confidentiality agreement in connection with the request. 
 Reports to Shareholders 
 Within 60 days after each fiscal quarter, we will distribute our quarterly report on Form 10-Q to all shareholders of record. In addition, we will distribute our annual report on Form 10-K to all shareholders within 120 days after the end of each calendar year, which must contain, among other things, a breakdown of the expenses reimbursed by us to the Adviser. These reports will also be available on our website at www.AGTBCAP.com and on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 Subject to availability, you may authorize us to provide prospectuses, prospectus supplements, annual reports and other information, or documents, electronically by so indicating on your subscription agreement, or by sending us instructions in writing in a form acceptable to us to receive such documents electronically. Unless you elect in writing to receive documents electronically, all documents will be provided in paper form by mail. You must have internet access to use electronic delivery. While we impose no additional charge for this service, there may be potential costs associated with electronic delivery, such as on-line charges. Documents will be available on our website. You may access and print all documents provided through this service. As documents become available, we will notify you of this by sending you an e-mail message that will include instructions on how to retrieve the document. If our e-mail notification is returned to us as undeliverable, we will contact you to obtain your updated e-mail address. If we are unable to obtain a valid e-mail address for you, we will resume sending a paper copy by regular U.S. mail to your address of record. You may revoke your consent for electronic delivery at any time and we will resume sending you a paper copy of all required documents. However, in order for us to be properly notified, your revocation must be given to us a reasonable time before electronic delivery has commenced. We will provide you with paper copies at any time upon request. Such request will not constitute revocation of your consent to receive required documents electronically. 
 Conflict with the 1940 Act 
 Our Declaration of Trust provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of Delaware law, or any provision of our Declaration of Trust conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 a2022exhibit101tcapima.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND AND AGTB FUND MANAGER, LLC 
 This Investment Management Agreement made this 25 th day of October, 2022, is made by and between AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (herein referred to as the Fund and AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to as the Adviser (the Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, the Fund is a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act 
 WHEREAS, the Adviser is an investment adviser that has registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act and 
 WHEREAS, the Fund desires to retain the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Fund on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Adviser wishes to be retained to provide such services. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Duties of the Adviser. 
 (a) The Fund hereby employs the Adviser to act as the investment adviser to the Fund and to manage the investment and reinvestment of the assets of the Fund, subject to the supervision of the Fund s board of trustees (the Board of Trustees ), for the period and upon the terms herein set forth, (i) in accordance with the investment objective, policies and restrictions that are set forth in the Fund s Registration Statement on Form N-2, as the same shall be amended from time to time (as amended, the Registration Statement ), (ii) in accordance with the Investment Company Act and (iii) during the term of this Agreement, in accordance with all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Fund s charter and by-laws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Adviser hereby undertakes and agrees, upon the terms and conditions herein set forth, to provide overall investment advisory services for the Fund and in connection therewith to, in accordance with the Fund s investment objective, policies and restrictions as in effect from time to time 
 (i) determining the composition of the Fund s portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the Fund s portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes in accordance with the Fund s investment objective, policies and restrictions 
 (ii) identifying investment opportunities and making investment decisions for the Fund, including negotiating the terms of investments in, and dispositions of, portfolio securities and other instruments on the Fund s behalf 

(iii) monitoring the Fund s investments 
 (iv) performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies 
 (v) exercising voting rights in respect of portfolio securities and other investments for the Fund 
 (vi) serving on, and exercising observer rights for, boards of directors and similar committees of the Fund s portfolio companies 
 (vii) negotiating, obtaining and managing financing facilities and other forms of leverage and 
 (viii) providing the Fund with such other investment advisory and related services as the Fund may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of capital, which may include, without limitation 
 A. making, in consultation with the Board of Trustees, investment strategy decisions for the Fund 
 B. reasonably assisting the Board of Trustees and the Fund s other service providers with the valuation of the Fund s assets 
 C. exercising voting rights in respect of the Fund s portfolio securities and other investments. 
 In addition, prior to the qualification of the Fund s common shares of beneficial interest Shares as Covered Securities, as defined in Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), the following provisions in Section 1(a)(ix) (x) shall apply. 
 (ix) The Adviser shall, upon request by an official or agency administering the securities laws of a state (a State Administrator ), submit to such State Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to the Fund s shareholders pursuant to this Agreement, any registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and applicable federal and state law. 
 (x) The Adviser has a fiduciary responsibility and duty to the Fund for the safekeeping and use of all the funds and assets of the Fund, whether or not in the Adviser s immediate possession or control. The Adviser shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such funds or assets except for the exclusive benefit of the Fund. The Adviser shall not contract away any fiduciary obligation owed by the Adviser to the Fund s shareholders under common law. 
 (b) Subject to the supervision of the Board of Trustees, the Adviser shall have the power and authority on behalf of the Fund to effectuate its investment decisions for the Fund, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the Fund s investments and the placing of orders for other purchase or sale transactions on behalf of the Fund and causing the Fund to pay investment-related expenses. In the event that the Fund determines to acquire debt financing or to refinance existing debt financing, the Adviser will arrange for such financing on the Fund s behalf. If it is necessary or appropriate for the Adviser to make investments on behalf of the Fund through a subsidiary or special purpose vehicle, the Adviser shall have authority to create or arrange for the creation of such subsidiary or special purpose vehicle and to make such 
 2 

investments through such subsidiary or special purpose vehicle in accordance with the Investment Company Act. 
 (c) The Adviser hereby accepts such engagement and agrees during the term hereof to render the services described herein for the compensation provided herein. 
 (d) Subject to the prior approval of a majority of the Board of Trustees, including a majority of the Board of Trustees who are not interested persons of the Fund and, to the extent required by the Investment Company Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, subject to any applicable guidance or interpretation of the SEC or its staff, by the shareholders of the Fund, as applicable, the Adviser is hereby authorized, but not required, to enter into one or more sub-advisory agreements with other investment advisers (each, a Sub-Adviser pursuant to which the Adviser may obtain the services of the Sub-Adviser(s) to assist the Adviser in fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder. The Adviser, and not the Fund, shall be responsible for any compensation payable to any Sub-Adviser. Any sub-advisory agreement entered into by the Adviser shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Advisers Act and other applicable federal and state law. The Fund acknowledges that the Adviser makes no warranty that any investments made by the Adviser hereunder will not depreciate in value or at any time not be affected by adverse tax consequences, nor does it give any warranty as to the performance or profitability of the assets or the success of any investment strategy recommended or used by the Adviser. 
 (e) The Adviser shall for all purposes herein provided be deemed to be an independent contractor and, except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority to act for or represent the Fund in any way or otherwise be deemed an agent of the Fund. 
 (f) The Adviser shall keep and preserve, in the manner and for the period required by the Investment Company Act, any books and records relevant to the provision of its investment advisory services to the Fund and shall specifically maintain all books and records with respect to the Fund s portfolio transactions and shall render to the Fund s Board of Trustees such periodic and special reports as the Board of Trustees may reasonably request. The Adviser agrees that all records that it maintains for the Fund are the property of the Fund and will surrender promptly to the Fund any such records upon the Fund s request, provided that the Adviser may retain a copy of such records. 
 2. Fund Responsibilities and Expenses Pa y able b y the Fund . In connection herewith, the Adviser agrees to maintain a staff within its organization to furnish the above services to the Fund. The Adviser shall bear the expenses arising out of its duties hereunder, except as provided in this Section 2. 
 Except as specifically provided below and above in Section 1 hereof, the Fund anticipates that all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to the Fund, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. The Fund will bear all other costs and expenses of the Fund s operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to 
 (a) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to this Agreement 
 3 

(b) the Fund s allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under the administration agreement between the Fund and the Administrator (the Administration Agreement ), including but not limited to (i) the Fund s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, general counsel and their respective staffs (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Fund and (iii) any personnel of Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P. Angelo Gordon or any of its affiliates providing non-investment related services to the Fund and 
 (c) all other expenses of the Fund s operations, administrations and transactions including, without limitation, those relating to 
 (i) organization and offering expenses associated with the offering of securities (including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses and other offering expenses, including costs associated with technology integration between the Fund s systems and those of participating intermediaries, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials and other marketing expenses, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the Fund s transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating intermediaries and costs, expenses and reimbursements for travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses related to meetings or events with prospective investors, intermediaries, registered investment advisors or financial or other advisors, but excluding the shareholder servicing fee) 
 (ii) all taxes, fees, costs, and expenses, retainers and or other payments of accountants, legal counsel, advisors (including tax advisors), administrators, auditors (including with respect to any additional auditing required under The Directive 2011 61 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any applicable legislation implemented by an EEA Member state in connection with such Directive (the AIFMD ), investment bankers, administrative agents, paying agents, depositaries, custodians, trustees, sub-custodians, consultants (including individuals consulted through expert network consulting firms), engineers, senior advisors, industry experts, operating partners, deal sourcers (including personnel dedicated to but not employed by the Administrator or its affiliates in the credit-focused business of Angelo Gordon), and other professionals (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the costs and charges allocable with respect to the provision of internal legal, tax, accounting, technology or other services and professionals related thereto (including secondees and temporary personnel or consultants that may be engaged on short- or long-term arrangements) as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board of Trustees, where such internal personnel perform services that would be paid by the Fund if outside service providers provided the same services) fees, costs, and expenses herein include (x) costs, expenses and fees for hours spent by its in-house attorneys and tax advisors that provide legal advice and or services to the Fund or its portfolio companies on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions and the ongoing operations of the Fund and (y) expenses and fees to provide administrative and accounting services to the Fund or its portfolio companies, and expenses, charges and or related costs incurred directly by the Fund or affiliates in connection such services (including overhead related thereto), in each case, (I) 
 4 

that are specifically charged or specifically allocated or attributed by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board of Trustees, to the Fund or its portfolio companies and (II) provided that any such amounts shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially similar advice and or services of the same skill and expertise) 
 (iii) the cost of calculating the Fund s net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services 
 (iv) the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the Shares and other securities 
 (v) fees and expenses payable under any intermediary manager and selected intermediary agreements, if any 
 (vi) interest and fees and expenses arising out of all borrowings, guarantees and other financings or derivative transactions (including interest, fees and related legal expenses) made or entered into by the Fund, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and related legal expenses 
 (vii) all fees, costs and expenses of any loan servicers and other service providers and of any custodians, lenders, investment banks and other financing sources 
 (viii) costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Fund s assets for tax or other purposes 
 (ix) costs of derivatives and hedging 
 (x) expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Adviser, or members of its investment team, or payable to third parties, in evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Fund s rights 
 (xi) expenses (including the allocable portions of compensation and out-of-pocket expenses such as travel expenses) or an appropriate portion thereof of employees of the Adviser to the extent such expenses relate to attendance at meetings of the Board of Trustees or any committees thereof 
 (xii) all fees, costs and expenses, if any, incurred by or on behalf of the Fund in developing, negotiating and structuring prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made, including, without limitation any legal, tax, administrative, accounting, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting and printing expenses, reverse termination fees and any liquidated damages, commitment fees that become payable in connection with any proposed investment that is not ultimately made, forfeited deposits or similar payments 
 (xiii) the allocated costs incurred by the Adviser and the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it 
 5 

(xiv) all brokerage costs, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, agent bank and other bank service fees private placement fees, commissions, appraisal fees, commitment fees and underwriting costs costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources, and other investment costs, fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with evaluating, making, holding, settling, clearing, monitoring or disposing of actual investments (including, without limitation, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment expenses and any expenses related to attending trade association and or industry meetings, conferences or similar meetings, any costs or expenses relating to currency conversion in the case of investments denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars) and expenses arising out of trade settlements (including any delayed compensation expenses) 
 (xv) investment costs, including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in sourcing, evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring, trading (including trading errors), settling, monitoring and holding prospective or actual investments or investment strategies including, without limitation, any financing, legal, filing, auditing, tax, accounting, compliance, loan administration, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting, engineering, data-related and other professional fees, costs and expenses in connection therewith (to the extent the Adviser is not reimbursed by a prospective or actual issuer of the applicable investment or other third parties or capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the transaction) and any fees, costs and expenses related to the organization or maintenance of any vehicle through which the Fund directly or indirectly participates in the acquisition, holding and or disposition of investments or which otherwise facilitate the Fund s investment activities, including without limitation any travel and accommodations expenses related to such vehicle and the salary and benefits of any personnel (including personnel of Adviser or its affiliates) reasonably necessary and or advisable for the maintenance and operation of such vehicle, or other overhead expenses (including any fees, costs and expenses associated with the leasing of office space (which may be made with one or more affiliates of Angelo Gordon as lessor in connection therewith)) 
 (xvi) transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees 
 (xvii) fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts 
 (xviii) federal and state registration fees, franchise fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating agencies 
 (xix) independent trustees fees and expenses including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisors retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent trustees 
 (xx) costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and other regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the Investment Company Act and any other applicable federal and state securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing 
 6 

(xxi) all fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation and issuance of the Fund s periodic reports and related statements (e.g., financial statements and tax returns) and other internal and third-party printing (including a flat service fee), publishing (including time spent performing such printing and publishing services) and reporting-related expenses (including other notices and communications) in respect of the Fund and its activities (including internal expenses, charges and or related costs incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Fund or the Adviser or its affiliates in connection with such provision of services thereby) 
 (xxii) the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders (including printing and mailing costs) and the costs of any shareholder or Trustee meetings 
 (xxiii) proxy voting expenses 
 (xxiv) costs associated with an exchange listing 
 (xxv) costs of registration rights granted to certain investors 
 (xxvi) any taxes and or tax-related interest, fees or other governmental charges (including any penalties incurred where the Adviser lacks sufficient information from third parties to file a timely and complete tax return) levied against the Fund and all expenses incurred in connection with any tax audit, investigation, litigation, settlement or review of the Fund and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith 
 (xxvii) all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation, arbitration or audit involving the Fund any vehicle or its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments, assessments fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith, Trustees and officers, liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification (including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Fund 
 (xxviii) all fees, costs and expenses associated with the Fund s information, obtaining and maintaining technology (including the costs of any professional service providers), hardware software, data-related communication, market data and research (including news and quotation equipment and services and including costs allocated by the Adviser s or its affiliates internal and third-party research group (which are generally based on time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings or a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator) and expenses and fees (including compensation costs) charged or specifically attributed or allocated by Adviser and or its affiliates for data-related services provided to the Fund and or its portfolio companies (including in connection with prospective investments), each including expenses, charges, fees and or related costs of an internal nature provided, that any such expenses, charges or related costs shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially similar services) reporting costs (which includes notices and other communications and internally allocated charges), and dues and expenses incurred in connection with membership in industry or trade organizations 
 7 

(xxix) the costs of specialty and custom software for monitoring risk, compliance and the overall portfolio, including any development costs incurred prior to the filing of the Fund s election to be treated as a business development company 
 (xxx) costs associated with individual or group shareholders 
 (xxxi) fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums 
 (xxxii) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying and secretarial and other staff 
 (xxxiii) all fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Fund s assets 
 (xxxiv) extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification) 
 (xxxv) all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings notices or disclosures related to the Fund s activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and filing of filings required under the Securities Act, Internal Revenue Service filings under FATCA and FBAR reporting requirements applicable to the Fund or reports to be filed with the CFTC, reports, disclosures, filings and notifications prepared in connection with the laws and or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Fund engages in activities, including any notices, reports and or filings required under the AIFMD, European Securities and Markets Authority and any related regulations, and other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser relating to the Fund and its affiliates relating to the Fund, and their activities) and or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser and its affiliates relating to the Fund including those pursuant to applicable disclosure laws and expenses relating to FOIA requests, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred for general compliance and regulatory matters that are not related to the Fund and its activities 
 (xxxvi) costs and expenses (including travel) in connection with the diligence and oversight of the Fund s service providers 
 (xxxvii) costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors and 
 (xxxviii) all other expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with administering the Fund s business. 
 In addition, prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities, the following provision Section 2(xxxix) shall apply. 
 (xxxix) In addition to the compensation paid to the Adviser pursuant to Section 5, the Fund shall reimburse the Adviser for all expenses of the Fund incurred by the Adviser as well as the actual cost of goods and services used for 
 8 

or by the Fund and obtained from entities not affiliated with the Adviser. The Adviser or its affiliates may be reimbursed for the administrative services performed by it or such affiliates on behalf of the Fund pursuant to any separate administration or co-administration agreement with the Adviser however, no reimbursement shall be permitted for services for which the Adviser is entitled to compensation by way of a separate fee. Excluded from the allowable reimbursement shall be 
 A. rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, and other administrative items of the Adviser and 
 B. salaries, fringe benefits, travel expenses and other administrative items incurred or allocated to any Controlling Person of the Adviser. The term Controlling Person shall mean a person, whatever his or her title, who performs functions for the Adviser similar to those of (a) the chairman or other member of a board of directors, (b) executive officers or (c) those holding 10 or more equity interest in the Adviser, or a person having the power to direct or cause the direction of the Adviser, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. The Fund will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Fund s behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Fund s shareholders. 
 3. Transactions with Affiliates . The Adviser is authorized on behalf of the Fund, from time to time when deemed to be in the best interests of the Fund and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to purchase and or sell securities in which the Adviser or any of its affiliates underwrites, deals in and or makes a market and or may perform or seek to perform investment banking services for issuers of such securities. The Adviser is further authorized, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to select brokers (including any brokers affiliated with the Adviser) for the execution of trades for the Fund. 
 4. Best Execution Research Services . 
 (a) The Adviser is authorized, for the purchase and sale of the Fund s portfolio securities, to employ such dealers and brokers as may, in the judgment of the Adviser, implement the policy of the Fund to obtain the best results, taking into account such factors as price, including dealer spread, the size, type and difficulty of the transaction involved, the firm s general execution and operational facilities and the firm s risk in positioning the securities involved. Consistent with this policy, the Adviser is authorized to direct the execution of the Fund s portfolio transactions to dealers and brokers furnishing statistical information or research deemed by the Adviser to be useful or valuable to the performance of its investment advisory functions for the Fund. It is understood that in these circumstances, as contemplated by Section 28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), the commissions paid may be higher than those which the Fund might otherwise have paid to another broker if those services had not been provided. Information so received will be in addition to and not in lieu of the services required to be performed by the Adviser. It is understood that the expenses of the Adviser will not necessarily be reduced as a result of the receipt of such information or research. Research services furnished to the Adviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for the Fund may be used by the Adviser in servicing other 
 9 

investment companies, entities or funds and accounts which it manages. Similarly, research services furnished to the Adviser by brokers who effect securities transactions for other investment companies, entities or funds and accounts which the Adviser manages may be used by the Adviser in servicing the Fund. It is understood that not all of these research services are used by the Adviser in managing any particular account, including the Fund. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates may aggregate purchase or sale orders for the assets with purchase or sale orders for the same security for other clients accounts of the Adviser or of its affiliates, the Adviser s own accounts and hold proprietary positions in accordance with its current aggregation and allocation policy (collectively, the Advisory Clients ), but only if (x) in the Adviser s reasonable judgment such aggregation results in an overall economic or other benefit to the assets taking into consideration the advantageous selling or purchase price, brokerage commission and other expenses and factors and (y) the Adviser s actions with respect to aggregating orders for multiple Advisory Clients, as well as the Fund, are consistent with applicable law. However, the Adviser is under no obligation to aggregate any such orders under any circumstances. 
 (b) Excess Brokera g e Commissions . The Adviser is hereby authorized, to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by law, to cause the Fund to pay a member of a national securities exchange, broker or dealer an amount of commission for effecting a securities transaction in excess of the amount of commission another member of such exchange, broker or dealer would have charged for effecting that transaction, if the Adviser determines in good faith, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities, that such amount of commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and or research services provided by such member, broker or dealer, viewed in terms of either that particular transaction or its overall responsibilities with respect to the Fund s portfolio, and constitutes the best net results for the Fund. 
 In addition, prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities, the following Section 4(c) shall apply. 
 (c) All Front End Fees (as applicable and defined in the Fund s Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the Declaration of Trust )) shall be reasonable and shall not exceed 18 of the gross proceeds of any offering, regardless of the source of payment and the percentage of gross proceeds of any offering committed to investment shall be at least eighty-two percent (82 ). All items of compensation to underwriters or dealers, including, but not limited to, selling commissions, expenses, rights of first refusal, consulting fees, finders fees and all other items of compensation of any kind or description paid by the Fund, directly or indirectly, shall be taken into consideration in computing the amount of allowable Front End Fees. 
 5. Compensation of the Adviser . The Fund agrees to pay, and the Adviser agrees to accept, as compensation for the services provided by the Adviser hereunder, a base management fee Base Management Fee and an incentive fee Incentive Fee as hereinafter set forth. The Fund shall make any payments due hereunder to the Adviser or to the Adviser s designee as the Adviser may otherwise direct. 
 (a) Base Management Fee . The Base Management Fee is payable monthly in arrears at an annual rate of 1.25 of the value of Fund s net assets as of the beginning of the first business day of the month. For the first calendar month in which the Fund has 
 10 

operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets as of the date on which the Fund begins operations. 
 (b) Incentive Fee . The Incentive Fee will consist of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on a percentage of the Fund s income and a portion is based on a percentage of the Fund s capital gains, each as described below. 
 (i) Incentive Fee on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income . The portion based on the Fund s income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of the Fund s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Fund receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Fund s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any distribution or shareholder servicing fees). 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with pay-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Fund has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Fund s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 The Fund will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows 
 no incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter 
 100 of the dollar amount of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This is referred to as Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up and 
 11 

12.5 of the dollar amount of the Fund s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). 
 These calculations will be appropriately pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases by the Fund during the relevant quarter. 
 (ii) Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains . The second component of the Incentive Fee, the Capital Gains Incentive Fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. 
 The amount payable equals 
 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Each year, the fee paid for the capital gains incentive fee is net of the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fee for all prior periods. The Fund will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if the Fund were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. In no event will the capital gains incentive fee payable pursuant to this Agreement be in excess of the amount permitted by the Advisers Act, including Section 205 thereof. 
 The fees that are payable under this Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. 
 6. Representations and Warranties . 
 (a) The Adviser represents and warrants that it is duly registered and authorized as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, and the Adviser agrees to maintain effective all material requisite registrations, authorizations and licenses, as the case may be, until the termination of this Agreement. 
 In addition, prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities, the following provisions in Sections 6(b) (h) shall apply. 
 (b) The Adviser shall prepare or shall cause to be prepared and distributed to shareholders during each year the following reports of the Fund (either included in a periodic report filed with the SEC or distributed in a separate report) (i) within sixty (60) days of the end of each quarter, a report containing the same financial information contained in the Fund s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Fund under the Exchange Act and (ii) within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the end of the Fund s fiscal year, (a) an annual report that shall include financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP which are audited and reported on by independent certified public accountants (b) a report of the material activities of the Fund during the period covered by the report (c) where forecasts have been provided to the Fund s shareholders, a table comparing the forecasts previously provided with the actual results during the period covered by the report and (d) a report setting forth distributions to the Fund s shareholders for the period covered thereby and separately identifying distributions from 
 12 

(A) cash flow from operations during the period (B) cash flow from operations during a prior period which have been held as reserves (C) proceeds from disposition of assets and (D) reserves from the gross proceeds of the Fund s offering. 
 (c) From time to time and not less than quarterly, the Fund shall cause the Adviser to review the Fund s accounts to determine whether cash distributions are appropriate. The Fund may, subject to authorization by the Board of Trustees, distribute pro rata to the Fund s shareholders funds which the Board of Trustees deems unnecessary to retain in the Fund. The Board of Trustees may from time to time authorize the Fund to declare and pay to the Fund s shareholders such dividends or other distributions, in cash or other assets of the Fund or in securities of the Fund, including in shares of one class or series payable to the holders of the shares of another class or series, or from any other source as the Board of Trustees in its discretion shall determine. Any such cash distributions to the Adviser shall be made only in conjunction with distributions to shareholders and only out of funds properly allocated to the Adviser s account. All such cash distributions shall be made only out of funds legally available therefor pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time. 
 (d) The Adviser shall, in its sole discretion, temporarily place proceeds from offerings by the Fund of its equity securities into short-term, highly liquid investments which, in its reasonable judgment, afford appropriate safety of principal during such time as it is determining the composition and allocation of the portfolio of the Fund and the nature, timing and implementation of any changes thereto pursuant to Section 1 of the this Agreement provided however, that the Adviser shall be under no fiduciary obligation to select any such short-term, highly liquid investment based solely on any yield or return of such investment. The Adviser shall cause any proceeds of the offering of Fund securities not committed for investment within the later of two years from the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or one year from termination of the offering, unless a longer period is permitted by the applicable State Administrator, to be paid as a distribution to the shareholders of the Fund as a return of capital without deduction of a sales load. 
 7. Limitations on the Engagement of the Adviser . The services of the Adviser to the Fund are not exclusive, and the Adviser may engage in any other business or render similar or different services to others including, without limitation, the direct or indirect sponsorship or management of other investment based accounts or commingled pools of capital, however structured, having investment objectives similar to those of the Fund, so long as its services to the Fund hereunder are not impaired thereby, and nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser to engage in any other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to receive any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more of the Fund s portfolio companies, subject to applicable law). So long as this Agreement or any extension, renewal or amendment remains in effect, the Adviser shall be the only investment adviser for the Fund, subject to the Adviser s right to enter into sub-advisory agreements. It is understood that the Adviser shall not have any obligation to recommend for purchase or sale any loans which its principals, affiliates or employees may purchase or sell for its or their own accounts or for any other client or account if, in the opinion of the Adviser, such transaction or investment appears unsuitable, impractical or undesirable for the Fund. Nothing herein shall be construed as constituting the Adviser an agent of the Fund. The Adviser assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services called for hereunder. It is understood that trustees, officers, employees and shareholders of the Fund are or may become interested in the Adviser and its affiliates, as trustees, officers, employees, partners, shareholders, members, managers or otherwise, and that the Adviser and trustees, officers, employees, 
 13 

partners, shareholders, members and managers of the Adviser and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Fund as shareholders or otherwise. Subject to any restrictions prescribed by law, by the provisions of the Code of Ethics of the Fund and the Adviser and by the Adviser s Allocation Policy, the Adviser and its members, officers, employees and agents shall be free from time to time to acquire, possess, manage and dispose of securities or other investment assets for their own accounts, for the accounts of their family members, for the account of any entity in which they have a beneficial interest or for the accounts of others for whom they may provide investment advisory, brokerage or other services (collectively, Managed Accounts ), in transactions that may or may not correspond with transactions effected or positions held by the Fund or to give advice and take action with respect to Managed Accounts that differs from advice given to, or action taken on behalf of, the Fund provided that the Adviser allocates investment opportunities to the Fund, over a period of time on a fair and equitable basis compared to investment opportunities extended to other Managed Accounts. The Adviser is not, and shall not be, obligated to initiate the purchase or sale for the Fund of any security that the Adviser and its members, officers, employees or agents may purchase or sell for its or their own accounts or for the account of any other client if, in the opinion of the Adviser, such transaction or investment appears unsuitable or undesirable for the Fund. 
 The Adviser and its affiliates may face conflicts of interest as described in the Fund s Registration Statement and or the Fund s periodic filings with the SEC (as such disclosures may be updated from time to time) and such disclosures have been provided, and any updates will be provided, to the Board of Trustees in connection with its consideration of this Agreement and any future renewal of this Agreement. 
 
 8. Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and or Emplo y ees . If any person who is a manager, partner, officer or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator is or becomes a trustee, officer and or employee of the Fund and acts as such in any business of the Fund, then such manager, partner, officer and or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity solely for the Fund, and not as a manager, partner, officer and or employee of the Adviser or the Administrator or under the control or direction of the Adviser or the Administrator, even if paid by the Adviser or the Administrator. 
 9. Limitation of Liabilit y of the Adviser Indemnification . 
 (a) The Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it (the Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any act or omission or any loss suffered by the Fund in connection with the matters to which this Agreement relates, provided that the Adviser shall not be protected against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Adviser would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on its part in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations disabling conduct ). An Indemnified Party may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of the Fund s affairs and shall be fully protected and justified in any action or inaction which is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel and accountants provided, that such counsel or accountants were selected with reasonable care. Absent disabling conduct, the Fund will indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and hold them harmless from, any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Adviser s services under this Agreement or otherwise as adviser for the Fund. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable under this Agreement or otherwise for any loss due to the mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker or other agent provided, that such broker or other agent shall have been selected, engaged or retained by the Adviser in good faith, unless such action 
 14 

or inaction was made by reason of disabling conduct, or in the case of a criminal action or proceeding, where the Adviser had reasonable cause to believe its conduct was unlawful. 
 Indemnification shall be made only following (i) a final decision on the merits by a court or other body before which the proceeding was brought that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct or (ii) in the absence of such a decision, a reasonable determination, based upon a review of the facts, that the Indemnified Party was not liable by reason of disabling conduct by (a) the vote of a majority of a quorum of trustees of the Fund who are neither interested persons of the Fund nor parties to the proceeding disinterested non-party trustees or (b) an independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 
 An Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances from the Fund for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the manner and to the fullest extent permissible under law. Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Fund a written affirmation of its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund has been met and a written undertaking to repay any such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. In addition, at least one of the following additional conditions shall be met (a) the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and amount acceptable to the Fund for its undertaking (b) the Fund is insured against losses arising by reason of the advance or (c) a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party trustees or independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of facts readily available to the Fund at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will ultimately be found to be entitled to indemnification. 
 The following provisions in Sections 9(b) (c) shall (i) not apply in respect of any principal underwriter of the Fund that is an Affiliate, as such term is defined in the Declaration of Trust, or the Administrator and (ii) apply only prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 9(a) to the contrary, the Fund shall not provide for indemnification of an Indemnified Party for any liability or loss suffered by an Indemnified Party, nor shall the Fund provide that any of the Indemnified Parties be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by the Fund, unless all of the following conditions are met 
 (i) the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in the best interests of the Fund 
 (ii) the Fund has determined, in good faith, that the Indemnified Party was acting on behalf of or performing services for the Fund 
 (iii) the Fund has determined, in good faith, that such liability or loss was not the result of (A) negligence or misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is the Adviser or an Affiliate (as defined in the Declaration of Trust) of the Adviser, or (B) gross negligence or willful misconduct, in the case that the Indemnified Party is a director of the Fund who is not also an officer of the Fund or the Adviser or an Affiliate of the Adviser and 
 (iv) such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is recoverable only out of the Fund s net assets and not from the Fund shareholders. 
 15 

Furthermore, the Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities laws by such party unless one or more of the following conditions are met 
 A. there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each count involving alleged material securities law violations as to the Indemnified Party 
 B. such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the Indemnified Party or 
 C. a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the claims against the Indemnified Party and finds that indemnification of the settlement and the related costs should be made, and the court considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the position of the SEC and of the published position of any state securities regulatory authority in which Shares were offered or sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws. 
 (c) The Fund may pay or reimburse reasonable legal expenses and other costs incurred by the Indemnified Party in advance of final disposition of a proceeding only if all of the following are satisfied 
 (i) the proceeding relates to acts or omissions with respect to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Fund 
 (ii) the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with written affirmation of such Indemnified Party s good faith belief that the Indemnified Party has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Fund 
 (iii) the legal proceeding was initiated by a third party who is not a Fund shareholder, or, if by a Fund shareholder acting in his or her capacity as such, a court of competent jurisdiction approves such advancement and 
 (iv) the Indemnified Party provides the Fund with a written agreement to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the Fund, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, if it is ultimately determined that the Indemnified Party did not comply with the requisite standard of conduct and is not entitled to indemnification 
 10. Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of A g reement . 
 (a) This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, on 60 days written notice by the Fund, by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund (as defined by the Investment Company Act) or by the vote of the Fund s trustees or on 120 days written notice by the Adviser. The provisions of Section 9 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and the Adviser shall remain entitled to the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement. Further, notwithstanding the termination or expiration of this Agreement as aforesaid, the Adviser shall be entitled to any amounts owed under Sections 2 or 5 through the date of termination or expiration, and Section 9 shall continue in force and effect and apply to the Adviser and its representatives as and to the extent applicable. 
 16 

(b) This Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof, or to the extent consistent with the requirements of the Investment Company Act, from the date of the Fund s election to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board of Trustees, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Fund s Board of Trustees who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as such term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 (c) This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the Investment Company Act). 
 In addition, prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities, the following Sections 10(d) (f) shall apply. 
 (d) After the termination of this Agreement, the Adviser shall not be entitled to compensation for further services provided hereunder, except that it shall be entitled to receive from the Fund within 30 days after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Adviser prior to termination of this Agreement, including any deferred fees. The Adviser shall promptly upon termination 
 (i) Deliver to the Board of Trustees a full accounting, including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished to the Board of Trustees 
 (ii) Deliver to the Board of Trustees all assets and documents of the Fund then in custody of the Adviser and 
 (iii) Cooperate with the Fund to provide an orderly management transition. 
 (e) Without the approval of holders of a majority of the Shares entitled to vote on the matter, or such other approval as may be required under the mandatory provisions of any applicable laws or regulations, or other provisions of the Declaration of Trust, the Adviser shall not (i) modify this Agreement except for amendments that do not adversely affect the rights of the shareholders (ii) appoint a new Adviser (other than a sub-adviser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and applicable law) (iii) sell all or substantially all of the Fund s assets other than in the ordinary course of the Fund s business or as otherwise permitted by law or (iv) except as otherwise permitted herein, voluntarily withdraw as the Adviser unless such withdrawal would not affect the tax status of the Fund and would not materially adversely affect the shareholders 
 (f) The Fund may terminate the Adviser s interest in the Fund s revenues, expenses, income, losses, distributions and capital by payment of an amount equal to the then present fair market value of the terminated Adviser s interest, determined by agreement of the terminated Adviser and the Fund. If the Fund and the Adviser cannot agree upon such amount, the parties will submit to binding arbitration which cost will be borne equally by the Adviser and the Fund. The method of payment to the terminated Adviser must be fair and must protect the solvency and liquidity of the Fund. 
 17 

11. Conflicts of Interest and Prohibited Activities . 
 Prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities, the following provisions in this Section 11 shall apply. 
 (a) The Adviser is not hereby granted or entitled to an exclusive right to sell or exclusive employment to sell assets for the Fund. 
 (b) The Adviser shall not (i) receive or accept any rebate, give-up or similar arrangement that is prohibited under applicable federal or state securities laws (ii) participate in any reciprocal business arrangement that would circumvent provisions of applicable federal or state securities laws governing conflicts of interest or investment restrictions or (iii) enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding that would circumvent the restrictions against dealing with affiliates or promoters under applicable federal or state securities laws. 
 (c) The Adviser shall not directly or indirectly pay or award any fees or commissions or other compensation to any person engaged to sell Shares or give investment advice to a potential shareholder provided, however, that this subsection shall not prohibit the payment to a registered broker-dealer or other properly licensed agent of sales commissions or other compensation (including cash compensation and non-cash compensation (as such terms are defined under FINRA Rule 2310)) for selling or distributing Shares, including out of the Adviser s own assets, including those amounts paid to the Adviser under this Agreement. 
 (d) The Adviser covenants that it shall not permit or cause to be permitted the Fund s funds to be commingled with the funds of any other person and the funds will be protected from the claims of affiliated companies. 
 12. Access to Shareholder List . 
 Prior to the qualification of the Shares as Covered Securities, the following provision in this Section 12 shall apply. 
 
 If a shareholder requests a copy of the Shareholder List pursuant to Section 11.3 of the Fund s charter or any successor provision thereto (the Charter Shareholder List Provision ), the Adviser is hereby authorized to request a copy of the Shareholder List from the Fund s transfer agent and send a copy of the Shareholder List to any shareholder so requesting in accordance with the charter Shareholder List Provision. The Adviser and the Board of Trustees shall be liable to any shareholder requesting the list for the costs, including attorneys fees, incurred by that shareholder for compelling the production of the Shareholder List, and for actual damages suffered by any shareholder by reason of such refusal or neglect. It shall be a defense that the actual purpose and reason for the requests for inspection or for a copy of the Shareholder List is to secure such list of shareholder or other information for the purpose of selling such list or copies thereof, or of using the same for a commercial purpose other than in the interest of the applicant as a shareholder relative to the affairs of the Fund. 
 13. Notices . Any notice under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered in person or by telex or facsimile (followed by delivery in person) to the parties at the addresses set forth below. 
 18 

If to the Fund 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 245 Park Avenue, 26 th Floor New York, New York 10167 Attn Trevor Clark, Chairman of the Board of Trustee and Chief Executive Officer 
 If to the Adviser 
 AGTB Fund Manager, LLC 245 Park Avenue, 26 th Floor New York, New York 10167 Attn Jenny B. Neslin, General Counsel and Secretary 
 or to such other address as to which the recipient shall have informed the other party in writing. 
 Unless specifically provided elsewhere, notice given as provided above shall be deemed to have been given, if by personal delivery, on the day of such delivery, and, if by facsimile and mail, on the date on which such facsimile or mail is sent. 
 14. Amendments . This Agreement may be amended by mutual consent, but the consent of the Fund must be obtained in conformity with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 15. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 16. Entire Agreement Governing Law . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. To the extent the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control. 
 The remainder of this page intentionally left blank 
 19 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date above written. 
 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 By s Jenny B. Neslin 
 Name Jenny B. Neslin Title General Counsel and Secretary 
 AGTB FUND MANAGER, LLC By Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P., its manager 
 By s Gregory Shalette 
 Name Gregory Shalette Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature page to Investment Management Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 a2022ex102tcaparintermedia.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED INTERMEDIARY MANAGER AGREEMENT 

THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of this 1st day of March, 2023, by and between AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund and Foreside Financial Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Intermediary Manager and, together with the Fund, the Parties ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Fund is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company that intends to elect to be regulated as a business development company BDC regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and is authorized to issue common shares of beneficial interest Shares 
 
 WHEREAS, the Fund expects to obtain exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that permits the Fund to issue multiple classes of Shares and to, among other things, impose asset based distribution fees (12b-1 fees) and early redemption fees (the Multi-Class Exemptive Order ), subject to the conditions of the Multi-Class Exemptive Order 
 
 WHEREAS, the Fund desires to retain the Intermediary Manager as its principal underwriter in connection with the offering of the Shares of the Fund 
 
 WHEREAS, the Intermediary Manager is registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA 
 
 WHEREAS, this Agreement has been approved by a vote of the Fund s board of trustees (the Board ), including a majority of the trustees who are not interested persons of the Fund and have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Intermediary Manager is willing to act as principal underwriter for the Fund on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Appointment of Distributor. The Fund hereby appoints the Intermediary Manager as its agent and principal underwriter for the distribution of Shares of the Fund, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, and the Intermediary Manager hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the services and duties set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 2. Services and Duties of the Intermediary Manager. 
 
 A. The Intermediary Manager agrees to act as the principal underwriter of the Fund for the purpose of distributing Shares in public and certain private offerings (collectively, the Offering upon the terms described in the Prospectus (subject to the Fund s right of reallocation, as described in the Prospectus) through brokers and or financial intermediaries (each a Broker and collectively, the Brokers ), all of whom shall be members of FINRA and with whom the Intermediary Manager has entered into or will enter into a selected dealer agreement related to the distribution of Shares, substantially in the Form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A (each, a Standard Dealer Agreement or such other form as approved by the Fund. As used in this Agreement, the term Prospectus shall mean each current prospectus, as amended or supplemented, relating to the Fund and included in the currently 

effective registration statement(s) or post-effective amendment(s) thereto (the Registration Statement of the Fund under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and, where applicable, each current private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented, relating to a private placement offering of Shares. 
 
 B. During the Offering, the Intermediary Manager agrees that it shall use its best efforts to distribute the Shares on said terms and conditions set forth in the Prospectus and any additional terms or conditions specified in Exhibit B to this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. All orders for Shares shall be made through financial intermediaries or directly to the Fund, or its designated agent. Such purchase orders shall be deemed effective at the time and in the manner set forth in the Prospectus. The Fund or its designated agent will confirm orders and subscriptions upon receipt, will make appropriate book entries and, upon receipt of payment therefor, will issue the appropriate number of Shares in uncertificated form. 
 
 C. The Intermediary Manager shall maintain membership with the National Securities Clearing Corporation NSCC and any other similar successor organization to sponsor a participant number for the Fund so as to enable the Shares to be traded through the Alternative Investment Product AIP services of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation DTCC ). The Intermediary Manager shall not be responsible for any operational matters associated with trades or subscription to AIP services of DTCC transactions. 
 
 D. The Intermediary Manager acknowledges and agrees that it is not authorized to provide any information or make any representations regarding the Fund other than as contained in the Prospectus and any sales literature and advertising materials specifically approved by the Fund. 
 
 E. The Intermediary Manager agrees to review all proposed marketing materials for compliance with applicable FINRA and SEC advertising rules and regulations, and shall file with FINRA those marketing materials that it believes are in compliance with such laws and regulations. The Intermediary Manager agrees to furnish to the Fund any comments provided by regulators with respect to such materials. 
 
 F. The form of the Standard Dealer agreement shall be approved by the Fund. The Intermediary Manager shall not be obligated to make any payments to qualified broker-dealers and other financial intermediaries (the Financial Intermediaries or other third parties, unless (i) Intermediary Manager has received a payment from the Fund pursuant to such Fund s plan of distribution adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act Plan and (ii) such Plan has been approved by the Fund s Board. 
 
 G. The Intermediary Manager shall not be obligated to sell any certain number of Shares. 
 
 H. The Intermediary Manager shall prepare reports for the Board regarding its activities under this Agreement as from time to time shall be reasonably requested by the Board. 
 
 I. The services furnished by the Intermediary Manager hereunder are not to be deemed exclusive and the Intermediary Manager shall be free to furnish similar services to others so long as its services under this Agreement are not impaired thereby. 
 
 J. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Intermediary Manager shall not be required to register as a broker or dealer in any specific jurisdiction or to maintain its registration in any jurisdiction in which it is now registered. 
 
 2 

K. It is understood that the Intermediary Manager will not provide due diligence to Brokers. 
 
 3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Fund. 
 
 A. The Fund hereby represents and warrants to the Intermediary Manager and each Broker participating in the Offering, which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be continuing throughout the term of this Agreement, that 
 
 (i) it is duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware, with the power and authority to conduct its business as described in the Prospectus, and is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act 
 
 (ii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Fund and, when executed and delivered, will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Fund, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and secured parties 
 
 (iii) it is conducting its business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, both state and federal, and has obtained all regulatory approvals necessary to carry on its business as now conducted there is no statute, rule, regulation, order or judgment binding on it and no provision of its charter, bylaws operating agreement or any contract binding it or affecting its property which would prohibit its execution or performance of this Agreement 
 
 (iv) the Shares are validly authorized and, when issued in accordance with the description in the Prospectus, will be fully paid and nonassessable 
 
 (v) the Registration Statement and Prospectus have been prepared in conformity with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder (the Rules and Regulations ), covering the Shares and the suitability standards required by the FINRA Rules for this Fund 
 
 (vi) as of the Effective Date or Filing Date (each as defined below), as applicable, the Registration Statement and Prospectus complied or will comply in all material respects with the 1933 Act and the Rules and Regulations. Effective Date means the applicable date upon which the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto is or was first declared effective by the SEC. Filing Date means the applicable date upon which the initial Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto is filed with the SEC. The Registration Statement and Prospectus, as of the applicable Effective Date, and any marketing material prepared by the Fund or its agents do not and will not contain any untrue statement of material facts or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(A)(vi) will not extend to such statements contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement or Prospectus as are primarily within the knowledge of the Intermediary Manager or any of the Brokers and are based upon information furnished by the Intermediary Manager in writing to the Fund specifically for inclusion therein 
 
 3 

(vii) all necessary approvals, authorizations, consents or orders of or filings with any federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory commission, board, body, authority or agency have been or will be obtained by the Fund in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares, including registration of the Shares under the 1933 Act, the applicable filing with FINRA s corporate financing department through its Public Offering System, the filing with FINRA with respect to the Fund as a direct participation program, as defined by FINRA Rule 2310 DPP ), and any necessary qualification under the securities or blue sky laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Shares are being offered and 
 
 (viii) the Fund will use commercially reasonable efforts to not take any action that would cause the Intermediary Manager to be in violation of FINRA Rule 2310. 
 
 B. The Fund shall take, or cause to be taken, all necessary action to register the Shares under the federal and all applicable state securities laws and to maintain an effective Registration Statement for such Shares in order to permit the sale of Shares as herein contemplated. The Fund authorizes the Intermediary Manager to use the Prospectus, in the form furnished to the Intermediary Manager from time to time, in connection with the sale of Shares. 
 
 C. The Fund agrees to advise the Intermediary Manager promptly in writing 
 
 (i) of any material correspondence or other communication by the SEC or its staff relating to the Fund, including requests by the SEC for amendments to the Registration Statement or Prospectus 
 
 (ii) in the event of the issuance by the SEC of any stop-order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or Prospectus then in effect or the initiation of any proceeding for that purpose 
 
 (iii) of the happening of any event which makes untrue any statement of a material fact made in the Prospectus or which requires the making of a change in such Prospectus in order to make the statements therein not misleading 
 
 (iv) in the event that it determines to suspend the sale of Shares at any time in response to conditions in the securities markets or otherwise or to suspend the repurchase of Shares of the Fund at any time and 
 
 (v) of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Fund or any of their officers or directors in connection with the issue and sale of any of the Shares. 
 
 D. The Fund shall file such reports and other documents as may be required under applicable federal and state laws and regulations, including state blue sky laws, and shall notify the Intermediary Manager in writing of the states in which the Shares may be sold and of any changes to such information. 
 
 E. The Fund agrees to file from time to time such amendments to its Registration Statement and Prospectus as may be necessary in order that its Registration Statement and Prospectus will not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 
 
 F. The Fund shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in the efforts of the Intermediary Manager to arrange for the distribution of Shares. In addition, the Fund shall provide to the Intermediary Manager from time to time such information as Intermediary 
 4 

Manager reasonably requests, certified copies of any financial statements prepared for the Fund by its independent public accountants and such reasonable number of copies of the most current Prospectus and annual and interim reports to shareholders as the Intermediary Manager may reasonably request. The Fund shall forward a copy of any SEC filings, including the Registration Statement, to the Intermediary Manager within a reasonable period of time of any such filings. The Fund represents that it will not use or authorize the use of any marketing material unless and until such materials have been approved and authorized for use by the Intermediary Manager. 
 
 G. The Fund shall provide, and cause each other agent or service provider to the Fund, including the Fund s transfer agent and investment adviser, to provide, to Intermediary Manager in a timely and accurate manner all such information (and in such reasonable medium) that the Intermediary Manager may reasonably request that may be necessary for the Intermediary Manager to perform its duties under this Agreement. 
 
 H. The Fund shall not file any amendment to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that amends any provision therein which pertains to the Intermediary Manager, the distribution of the Shares or the applicable sales loads or public offering price without giving Intermediary Manager reasonable advance notice thereof provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall in any way limit the Fund s right to file at any time such amendments to the Registration Statement or Prospectus, of whatever character, as the Fund may deem advisable, such right being in all respects absolute and unconditional. 
 
 I. The Fund agrees to repurchase Shares tendered by shareholders of the Fund in accordance with the Fund s obligations in the Prospectus and the Registration Statement. In the event that the Fund determines to suspend such repurchase right, the Fund agrees to promptly provide written notice of such suspension to the Distributor. 
 
 J. Any Offering that is a private offering will not be offered in any jurisdiction outside of the United States and will only be offered to investors who are U.S.-domiciled Institutional Investors (as defined in Section 2210(a)(4) of the FINRA Rules) who are U.S. Persons (as defined in Rule 902(k) under the 1933 Act, accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Act), and meet other eligibility standards set forth in the Prospectus. 
 
 4. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Intermediary Manager. 
 
 A. The Intermediary Manager hereby represents and warrants to the Fund, which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be continuing throughout the term of this Agreement, that 
 (i) it is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder 
 
 (ii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Intermediary Manager and, when executed and delivered, will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Intermediary Manager, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and secured parties 
 
 (iii) it is conducting its business in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, both state and federal, and has obtained all regulatory approvals necessary to carry on its business as now conducted there is 
 5 

no statute, rule, regulation, order or judgment binding on it and no provision of its charter, operating agreement or any contract binding it or affecting its property which would prohibit its execution or performance of this Agreement 
 
 (iv) it is registered as a broker-dealer under the 1934 Act and is a member in good standing of FINRA, and that it and its employees and representatives have all required licenses and registrations to act under this Agreement 
 
 (v) (a) there are no undisclosed legal, administrative, arbitration or other actions or proceedings or governmental investigations or inquiries pending or threatened against the Intermediary Manager, its affiliates, or any of their principals, control persons, or executive officers that would reasonably be expected to result in any material adverse change in the business, prospects, conditions, affairs or operations of the Intermediary Manager or its affiliates, (b) to the knowledge of the Intermediary Manager, there is no reasonable basis for any such suit, arbitration or other action or proceeding against any such persons referred to in (a) above and (c) except has been disclosed to the Fund in writing, there have been no administrative, civil, or criminal actions, suits, proceedings or investigations (pending, on appeal or concluded) against the Intermediary Manager, its affiliates or any of their principals, control persons, or executive officers within the last five (5) years, that materially impacts or is expected to materially impact services provided by the Intermediary Manager to the Fund 
 
 (vi) the information that the Intermediary Manager has provided or will provide from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Fund in connection with the Fund s evaluation of the Intermediary Manager shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date such information is provided and 
 
 (vii) the Intermediary Manager agrees that it will notify the Fund promptly, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if any of the representations in Section 4(A)(i-vi) cease to be accurate at any time during the term of this Agreement. 
 
 B. In connection with all matters relating to this Agreement, the Intermediary Manager will comply with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the 1940 Act, the regulations of FINRA and all other applicable federal or state laws and regulations to the extent such laws, rules, and regulations relate to Intermediary Manager s role as the principal underwriter of the Fund. 
 
 C. The Intermediary Manager shall promptly notify the Fund of the commencement of any litigation or proceedings against the Intermediary Manager or any of its managers, officers or directors in connection with the issue and sale of any of the Shares. 
 
 D. The Intermediary Manager will offer and sell the Shares at the Offering prices per share as determined in accordance with the Prospectus. 
 
 E. The Intermediary Manager agrees to update the Chief Compliance Officer of the Fund via written communication on a quarterly basis regarding any compliance issues that have occurred since the prior quarter. 
 
 6 

5. Compensation. 
 
 A. In consideration of Intermediary Manager s services in connection with the distribution of Shares of the Fund, Intermediary Manager shall receive the compensation set forth in Exhibit B . 
 
 B. Except as specified in Section 5A, Intermediary Manager shall be entitled to no compensation or reimbursement of expenses for services provided by Intermediary Manager pursuant to this Agreement. Intermediary Manager may receive compensation from the Fund s investment adviser related to its services hereunder or for additional services all as may be agreed to between the investment adviser and Intermediary Manager. 
 
 6. Expenses. 
 
 A. The Fund shall bear all costs and expenses in connection with registration of the Shares with the SEC and the applicable states, as well as all costs and expenses in connection with the offering of the Shares and communications with its shareholders, including but not limited to (i) fees and disbursements of its counsel and independent public accountants (ii) costs and expenses of the preparation, filing, printing and mailing of Registration Statements and Prospectuses and amendments thereto, as well as related marketing material (iii) costs and expenses of the preparation, printing and mailing of annual and interim reports, proxy materials and other communications to shareholders of the Fund (iv) FINRA filing fees and (v) fees required in connection with the offer and sale of Shares in such jurisdictions as shall be selected by the Fund pursuant to Section 3(D) hereof. 
 
 B. The Intermediary Manager shall bear the expenses of registration or qualification of the Intermediary Manager as a dealer or broker under federal or state laws and the expenses of continuing such registration or qualification. The Intermediary Manager does not assume responsibility for any expenses not expressly assumed hereunder. 
 
 7. Indemnification. 
 
 A. The Fund shall indemnify, defend and hold the Brokers and the Intermediary Manager, its affiliates and each of their respective members, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives and any person who controls or previously controlled such Broker or the Intermediary Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act (collectively, the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees ), free and harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, liabilities, damages and expenses (including the reasonable costs of investigating or defending any alleged losses, claims, demands, liabilities, damages or expenses and any reasonable counsel fees incurred in connection therewith) (collectively, Losses that any Intermediary Manager Indemnitee may incur under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the 1940 Act any other statute (including Blue Sky laws) or any rule or regulation thereunder, or under common law or otherwise, arising out of or relating to (i) the Intermediary Manager serving as principal underwriter of the Fund pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the Fund s material breach of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement or (iii) any claim that the Registration Statement, Prospectus or sales literature and advertising materials or other information filed or made public by the Fund (as from time to time amended) include or included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading, provided, however, that the Fund s obligation to indemnify any of the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees shall not be deemed to cover any Losses arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in the Registration Statement, Prospectus or any such advertising materials or sales literature in reliance upon and in conformity with information relating to the Brokers or the Intermediary Manager and furnished 
 7 

to the Fund or its counsel by such Broker or the Intermediary Manager in writing for use is such Registration Statement, Prospectus or sales literature and advertising materials. In no event shall anything contained herein be so construed as to protect the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence in the performance of its duties under this Agreement or by reason of its reckless disregard of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 The Fund s agreement to indemnify the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees with respect to any action is expressly conditioned upon the Fund being notified of such action or claim of loss brought against any Intermediary Manager Indemnitee, within a reasonable time after the summons or other first legal process giving information of the nature of the claim shall have been served upon such Intermediary Manager Indemnitee, unless the failure to give notice does not prejudice the Fund. Such notification shall be given by letter addressed to the Fund s President, but the failure so to notify the Fund of any such action shall not relieve the Fund from any liability which the Fund may have to the person against whom such action is brought by reason of any such untrue, or alleged untrue, statement or omission, or alleged omission, otherwise than on account of the Fund s indemnity agreement contained in this Section 7(A). 
 
 B. The Fund shall be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense or, if it so elects, to assume the defense of any suit brought to enforce any such Losses, but if the Fund elects to assume the defense, such defense shall be conducted by counsel chosen by the Fund and approved by the Intermediary Manager, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. In the event the Fund elects to assume the defense of any such suit and retain such counsel, the Intermediary Manager Indemnitee(s) in such suit shall bear the fees and expenses of any additional counsel retained by them. If the Fund does not elect to assume the defense of any such suit, or in case the Intermediary Manager does not, in the exercise of reasonable judgment, approve of counsel chosen by the Fund or, if under prevailing law or legal codes of ethics, the same counsel cannot effectively represent the interests of both the Fund and the Intermediary Manager Indemnitee(s), the Fund will reimburse the Intermediary Manager Indemnitee(s) in such suit, for the fees and expenses of any counsel retained by Intermediary Manager and them. The Fund s indemnification agreement contained in Sections 7(A) and 7(B) shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Intermediary Manager Indemnitee(s) and shall survive the delivery of any Shares and the termination of this Agreement. This agreement of indemnity will inure exclusively to the Intermediary Manager s benefit, and to the benefit of each Intermediary Manager Indemnitee. 
 
 C. The Intermediary Manager shall indemnify, defend and hold the Fund, their affiliates, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, and any person who controls or previously controlled the Fund within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act (collectively, the Fund Indemnitees ), free and harmless from and against any and all Losses that any Fund Indemnitee may incur under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, the 1940 Act, any other statute (including Blue Sky laws) or any rule or regulation thereunder, or under common law or otherwise, arising out of or based upon (i) the Intermediary Manager s material breach of any of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Agreement or (ii) any claim that the Registration Statement, Prospectus, sales literature and advertising materials or other information filed with the SEC or made public by the Fund (as from time to time amended) include or included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements not misleading, insofar as such statement or omission was made in reliance upon, and in conformity with, information furnished to the Fund by the Intermediary Manager in writing for use in such Registration Statement, Prospectus, sales literature and advertising materials or other information filed with the SEC or made public by the Fund. In no event shall anything contained herein be so construed as to protect the Fund against any liability to the Intermediary Managers to which 
 8 

the Fund would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence in the performance of its duties under this Agreement or by reason of its reckless disregard of its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 The Intermediary Manager s agreement to indemnify the Fund Indemnitees is expressly conditioned upon the Intermediary Manager being notified of any action or claim of loss brought against a Fund Indemnitee, such notification to be given by letter addressed to the Intermediary Manager s Legal Department, within a reasonable time after the summons or other first legal process giving information of the nature of the claim shall have been served upon the Fund Indemnitee, unless the failure to give notice does not prejudice the Intermediary Manager. The failure so to notify the Intermediary Manager of any such action shall not relieve the Intermediary Manager from any liability which the Intermediary Manager may have to the person against whom such action is brought by reason of any such untrue, or alleged untrue, statement or omission, otherwise than on account of the Intermediary Manager s indemnity agreement contained in this Section 7(C). 
 
 D. The Intermediary Manager shall be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense or, if it so elects, to assume the defense of any suit brought to enforce any such Losses, but if the Intermediary Manager elects to assume the defense, such defense shall be conducted by counsel chosen by the Intermediary Manager and approved by the Fund Indemnitee, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. In the event the Intermediary Manager elects to assume the defense of any such suit and retain such counsel, the Fund Indemnitee(s) in such suit shall bear the fees and expenses of any additional counsel retained by them. If the Intermediary Manager does not elect to assume the defense of any such suit, or in case the Fund does not, in the exercise of reasonable judgment, approve of counsel chosen by the Intermediary Manager or, if under prevailing law or legal codes of ethics, the same counsel cannot effectively represent the interests of both the Intermediary Manager and the Fund Indemnitee(s), the Intermediary Manager will reimburse the Fund Indemnitee(s) in such suit, for the fees and expenses of any counsel retained by the Fund and them. The Intermediary Manager s indemnification agreement contained in Sections 7(C) and (D) shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Fund Indemnitee(s), and shall survive the delivery of any Shares and the termination of this Agreement. This Agreement of indemnity will inure exclusively to the Fund s benefit and to the benefit of each Fund Indemnitee. 
 
 E. Each Broker severally will indemnify and hold harmless the Fund, the Intermediary Manager, each of their officers and directors (including any person named in the Registration Statement, with his consent, as about to become a director), each other person who has signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Fund or the Intermediary Manager within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act (the Broker Indemnified Persons from and against any Losses to which a Broker Indemnified Person may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon (a) any untrue statement of a material fact contained (i) in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or (ii) in any blue sky application or (iii) in any Authorized Sales Materials or (b) the omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any post-effective amendment or supplement to either or in any blue sky application or Authorized Sales Materials a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, provided that clauses (a) and (b) apply, to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Fund or the Intermediary Manager by or on behalf of the Broker specifically for use with reference to the Broker in the preparation of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, any post-effective amendment or supplement either or in preparation of any blue sky application or Authorized Sales Materials or (c) any use of sales literature not authorized or approved by the Fund or any use of broker-dealer use only materials with members of the 
 9 

public by the Broker in the offer and sale of the Shares or any use of sales literature in a particular jurisdiction if such material bears a legend denoting that it is not to be used in connection with the sale of Shares to members of the public in such jurisdiction or (d) any untrue statement made by the Broker or its representatives or agents or omission to state a fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares or (e) any material violation of this Agreement or the Selected Intermediary Agreement entered into between the Intermediary Manager and the Broker or (f) any failure or alleged failure to comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, laws governing privacy issues, money laundering abatement and anti-terrorist financing efforts, including applicable rules of the SEC, FINRA and the USA Patriot Act or (g) any other failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable rules of FINRA or federal or state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Each such Broker will reimburse each Broker Indemnified Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Loss, expense or action. This indemnity agreement will be in addition to any liability that such Broker may otherwise have. 
 
 F. No person shall be obligated to provide indemnification under this Section 7 if such indemnification would be impermissible under the 1940 Act, the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or the rules of the FINRA provided, however, in such event indemnification shall be provided under this Section 7 to the maximum extent so permissible. 
 
 8. Dealer Agreement Indemnification. 
 
 A. Both Parties acknowledge and agree that certain large and significant broker-dealers require that Intermediary Manager enter into dealer agreements (the Non-Standard Dealer Agreements that contain certain representations, undertakings and indemnification that are not included in the Standard Dealer Agreement. 
 
 B. To the extent that Intermediary Manager enters into any Non-Standard Dealer Agreement, after review and approval by the Fund, the Fund shall indemnify, defend and hold the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees free and harmless from and against any and all Losses that any Intermediary Manager Indemnitee may incur arising out of or relating to (a) Intermediary Manager s actions or failures to act pursuant to any Non-Standard Dealer Agreement (b) any representations made by Intermediary Manager in any Non-Standard Dealer Agreement to the extent that Intermediary Manager is not required to make such representations in the Standard Dealer Agreement or (c) any indemnification provided by Intermediary Manager under a Non-Standard Dealer Agreement to the extent that such indemnification is beyond the indemnification Intermediary Manager provides to intermediaries in the Standard Dealer Agreement. In no event shall anything contained herein be so construed as to protect the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees against any liability to the Fund or its shareholders to which the Intermediary Manager Indemnitees would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence in the performance of Intermediary Manager s obligations or duties under the Non-Standard Dealer Agreement or by reason of Intermediary Manager s reckless disregard of its obligations or duties under the Non-Standard Dealer Agreement. 
 
 9. Limitations on Damages. Neither Party shall be liable for any consequential, special or indirect losses or damages suffered by the other Party, whether or not the likelihood of such losses or damages was known by the Party. 
 
 10. Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for losses, delays, failure, errors, interruption or loss of data occurring directly or indirectly by reason of circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, Acts of Nature (including fire, flood, 
 10 

earthquake, storm, hurricane or other natural disaster) action or inaction of civil or military authority acts of foreign enemies war terrorism riot insurrection sabotage epidemics labor disputes civil commotion or interruption, loss or malfunction of utilities, transportation, computer or communications capabilities provided, however, that in each specific case such circumstance shall be beyond the reasonable control of the Party seeking to apply this force majeure clause. 
 
 11. Duration and Termination. 
 
 A. This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date. Unless sooner terminated as provided herein, this Agreement shall continue in effect for two years from the date hereof. Thereafter, if not terminated, this Agreement shall continue automatically in effect for successive one-year periods, provided such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the Fund s Board or (ii) the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of a Fund, in accordance with Section 15 of the 1940 Act. 
 
 B. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be terminated, without the payment of any penalty, by the Fund (i) through a failure to renew this Agreement at the end of a term or (ii) upon mutual consent of the Parties. Further, this Agreement may be terminated upon no less than 30 days written notice, by either the Fund through a vote of a majority of the members of the Board who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, and have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of this Agreement or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of a Fund, or by the Distributor. 
 
 C. This Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment as such term is defined in the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder. 
 
 12. Anti-Money Laundering Compliance. 
 
 A. Each Party acknowledges that it is a financial institution subject to the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 and the Bank Secrecy Act (collectively, the AML Acts ), which require, among other things, that financial institutions adopt compliance programs to guard against money laundering. Each Party represents and warrants to the other that it is in compliance with and will continue to comply with the AML Acts and applicable regulations in all relevant respects. 
 
 B. Each Party agrees that it will take such further steps, and cooperate with the other as may be reasonably necessary, to facilitate compliance with the AML Acts, including but not limited to the provision of copies of its written procedures, policies and controls related thereto AML Operations ). Intermediary Manager undertakes that it will grant to the Fund, the Fund s anti-money laundering compliance officer and appropriate regulatory agencies, reasonable access to copies of Intermediary Manager s AML Operations, and related books and records to the extent they pertain to the Intermediary Manager s services hereunder. It is expressly understood and agreed that the Fund and the Fund s compliance officer shall have no access to any of Intermediary Manager s AML Operations, books or records pertaining to other clients or services of Intermediary Manager. 
 
 13. Privacy. In accordance with Regulation S-P, the Intermediary Manager will not disclose any non-public personal information, as defined in Regulation S-P, received from the Fund or any Fund regarding any Fund shareholder provided, however, that the Intermediary Manager may disclose such information to any party as necessary in the ordinary course of business to carry out the purposes for which such information was disclosed to the Intermediary Manager. The Intermediary Manager shall have in place and maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards reasonably designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of, and to 
 11 

prevent unauthorized access to or use of, records and information relating to consumers and customers of the Fund. 
 
 The Fund represents to the Intermediary Manager that it has adopted a Statement of its privacy policies and practices as required by SEC Regulation S-P and agrees to provide to the Intermediary Manager a copy of that statement annually. The Intermediary Manager agrees to use reasonable precautions to protect, and prevent the unintentional disclosure of, such non-public personal information. 
 
 14. Confidentiality. During the term of this Agreement, each Party may have access to confidential information relating to such matters as either party s business, trade secrets, systems, procedures, manuals, products, contracts, personnel, and clients. As used in this Agreement, Confidential Information means non-public or proprietary information belonging to a Party which is of value to such Party and the disclosure of which could result in a competitive or other disadvantage to such Party, including, without limitation, financial information, business practices and policies, know-how, trade secrets, market or sales information or plans, customer lists, business plans, and all provisions of this Agreement. Confidential Information does not include (i) information that was known to the receiving Party before receipt thereof from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party (ii) information that is disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third person who has a right to make such disclosure without any obligation of confidentiality to the Party seeking to enforce its rights under this Section (iii) information that is or becomes generally known in the trade without violation of this Agreement by the Receiving Party or (iv) information that is independently developed by the Receiving Party or its employees or affiliates without reference to the Disclosing Party s information. 
 
 Each Party will protect the other s Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care it uses with respect to its own Confidential Information, and will not use the other Party s Confidential Information other than in connection with its obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party may disclose the other s Confidential Information if (i) required by law, regulation or legal process or if requested by any regulatory or self-regulatory agency (ii) it is advised by counsel that it may incur liability for failure to make such disclosure (iii) requested to by the other Party provided that in the event of (i) or (ii) the disclosing Party shall give the other party reasonable prior notice of such disclosure to the extent reasonably practicable and cooperate with the other Party (at such other party s expense) in any efforts to prevent such disclosure. 
 15. Notices. 
 
 Any notice or other communication authorized or required by this Agreement to be given to either party shall be in writing and deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by confirmed facsimile, electronic mail, or posted by certified mail, return receipt requested, to the following address (or such other address as a Party may specify by written notice to the other) 
 
 (i) To Intermediary Manager 
 (ii) To the Fund 
 Foreside Financial Services, LLC 
 Attn Legal Department 
 Three Canal Plaza, Suite 100 
 Portland, ME 04101 
 Telephone (207) 553-7110 
 Email legal foreside.com 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 Attn General Counsel 
 245 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
 New York, NY 10167 
 Telephone (212) 692-2000 
 Email legal angelogordon.com 
 
 16. Modifications. The terms of this Agreement shall not be waived, altered, modified, amended or supplemented in any manner whatsoever except by a written instrument signed by 
 12 

the Parties. If required under the 1940 Act, any such amendment must be approved by the Fund s Board, including a majority of the Fund s Board who are not interested persons, as such term is defined in the 1940 Act, of any Party to this Agreement, in accordance with Section 15(c) of the 1940 Act and any SEC guidance or relief thereto. 
 
 17. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof. 
 
 18. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties hereto and supersedes all prior communications, understandings and agreements relating to the subject matter hereof, whether oral or written. 
 
 19. Survival. The provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 13, 14, 17, and 19 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 
 20. Miscellaneous. The captions in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and in no way define or delimit any of the provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect. Any provision of this Agreement which may be determined by competent authority to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by both Parties and no presumptions shall arise in favor of any Party by virtue of authorship of any provision of this Agreement. This Agreement has been negotiated and executed by the Parties in English. In the event any translation of this Agreement is prepared for convenience or any other purpose, the provisions of the English version shall prevail. 
 
 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the Parties hereto in any number of counterparts, and all of the counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same document. 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by a duly authorized officer on one or more counterparts as of the date first above written. 

Foreside Financial Services, LLC 
 
 By s Teresa Cowan Name Teresa Cowan Title President 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 
 By s Jenny B. Neslin Name Jenny B. Neslin Title General Counsel & Secretary 

14 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Form of Standard Dealer Agreement 
 15 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Upfront Sales Load 
 Any and all upfront commissions on sales of Shares notified by a Fund in writing to the Intermediary Manager in respect of a particular Financial Intermediary up to the maximum such upfront commission rate set forth in the Registration Statement, including the Prospectus, filed with the SEC and in effect at the time of sale of such Shares. 
 
 Class S, Class D and Class I Shares . No upfront sales load will be paid with respect to Class S shares, Class D shares or Class I shares, however, if investors buy Class S shares or Class D shares through certain financial intermediaries, they may directly charge investors transaction or other fees, including upfront placement fees or brokerage commissions, in such amount as they may determine, provided that selling agents limit such charges to a 1.5 cap on NAV for Class D shares and 3.5 cap on NAV for Class S shares. Selling agents will not charge such fees on Class I shares. 
 
 Shareholder Servicing and Distribution Fees 
 The following table shows the shareholder servicing and or distribution fees the Fund will pay the Intermediary Manager with respect to the Class S, Class D and Class I on an annualized basis as a percentage of the Fund s NAV for such class provided that such shareholder servicing and or distribution fees paid to the Intermediary Manager shall remain subject to FINRA limitations on underwriting compensation. The shareholder servicing and or distribution fees will be paid monthly in arrears, calculated using the NAV of the applicable class as of the beginning of the first calendar day of the month. For the avoidance of doubt, total underwriting compensation will not exceed 10 of gross proceeds from this offering. 
 
 Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee as a of NAV Class S shares 
 0.85 Class D shares 
 0.25 Class I shares 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 a2022ex104tcapdistribution.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4 

 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICING PLAN 
 October 25, 2022 
 
 This Distribution and Servicing Plan (the Plan has been adopted on a voluntary basis in conformity with Rule 12b-1 (the Rule under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), by AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), with respect to its classes of common shares of beneficial interest (each, a Class listed on Appendix A, as amended from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 1. Distribution Fee and Shareholder Servicing Fee 
 a. The Fund may pay to Foreside Financial Services, LLC (the Intermediary Manager ), in its capacity as intermediary manager of the Fund s common shares of beneficial interest, with respect to and at the expense of each Class listed on Appendix A, a fee for (i) distribution and sales support services (the Distribution Fee ), as applicable, and or (ii) shareholder services (the Servicing Fee ), and each as more fully described below (together, the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee ), such fee to be paid at the rate per annum of the aggregate NAV as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable month of the Class specified with respect to such Class under the column Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee on Appendix A. The Distribution Fee under the Plan will be used primarily to compensate the Intermediary Manager for such services provided in connection with the offering and sale of shares of the applicable Class, and to reimburse the Intermediary Manager for related expenses incurred, including payments by the Intermediary Manager to compensate or reimburse brokers, other financial institutions or other industry professionals (collectively, Selling Agents ), for distribution services and sales support services provided and related expenses incurred by such Selling Agents. Payments of the Distribution Fee on behalf of a particular Class must be in consideration of services rendered for or on behalf of such Class. However, joint distribution or sales support financing with respect to the shares of the Class (which financing may also involve other investment portfolios or companies that are affiliated persons of such a person, or affiliated persons of the Intermediary Manager) are permitted in accordance with applicable law. Payments of the Servicing Fee will be used to compensate the Intermediary Manager and Selling Agents for personal services and or the maintenance of shareholder accounts services provided to shareholders in the related Class and to reimburse the Intermediary Manager for related expenses incurred, including payments by the Intermediary Manager to compensate or reimburse brokers, dealers, other financial institutions or other industry professionals. Payments of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee may be made without regard to expenses actually incurred. 
 
 2. Calculation and Payment of Fees 
 The amount of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee payable with respect to each Class listed on Appendix A will be calculated at the rate per annum of the aggregate NAV as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable month, payable monthly in arrears, at the applicable annual rates indicated on Appendix A. The Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee will be calculated and paid separately for each Class. 
 3. Approval of Plan 
 The Plan will become effective, as to any Class (including any Class not currently listed on Appendix A), upon the later of (a) its approval by (i) a majority of the Board of Trustees, including a majority of the Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Plan or in any agreements related to the Plan Qualified Trustees ), pursuant to a vote cast in accordance with the 1940 Act, and (ii) with respect to Section 1 of the Plan only, if the Plan is adopted for a Class after any public offering of shares of the Class or the sale of shares of the Class to persons who are not affiliated persons of the Fund, affiliated persons of such persons, promoters of the Fund, or affiliated persons of such promoters, a majority of the outstanding voting securities (as defined in the 1940 Act) of such Class, and (b) upon Fund obtaining multi-share class relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 4. Continuance of the Plan 
 The Plan will continue in effect with respect to a Class for one year from the date of execution, and from year to year thereafter indefinitely so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the Fund s Board of Trustees in the manner described in Section 3(a) above. 
 5. Implementation 
 All agreements with any person relating to implementation of this Plan with respect to any Class shall be in writing, and any agreement related to this Plan with respect to any Class shall provide (a) that such agreement may be terminated at any time, without payment of any penalty, by vote of a majority of the Qualified Trustees or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the 

outstanding shares of the relevant Class, on not more than 60 days written notice to any other party to the agreement and (b) that such agreement shall terminate automatically in the event of its assignment. 
 For the purposes of this Agreement, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of a Fund means the affirmative vote, at a duly called and held meeting of shareholders of the Fund, (a) of the holders of 67 or more of the shares of the Fund present (in person or by proxy) and entitled to vote at the meeting, if the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares of the Fund entitled to vote at the meeting are present in person or by proxy or (b) of the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding shares of the Fund entitled to vote at the meeting, whichever is less. For the purposes of this Agreement, the terms interested person and assignment have their respective meanings defined in the 1940 Act, subject, however, to the Rules and Regulations under the 1940 Act and any applicable guidance or interpretation of the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff and the term approve at least annually will be construed in a manner consistent with the 1940 Act and the Rules and Regulations under the 1940 Act and any applicable guidance or interpretation of the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff. 
 6. Termination 
 This Plan may be terminated at any time with respect to the shares of any Class by vote of a majority of the Qualified Trustees, or by a majority vote of the outstanding voting securities of the relevant Class. 
 7. Amendments 
 The Plan may not be amended with respect to any Class so as to increase materially the amount of the Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee described in Section 1 above with respect to such Class without approval in the manner described in Section 3(b) above, and all material amendments to this Plan shall be approved in the manner provided for approval of this Plan in Section 3(a) above. 
 8. Selection of Certain Trustees 
 While the Plan is in effect, the selection and nomination of the Fund s Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund will be at the discretion of the Trustees then in office who are not interested persons (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund. 
 9. Written Reports 
 While the Plan is in effect, the Fund s Board of Trustees will receive, and the Trustees will review, at least quarterly, written reports complying with the requirements of the Rule, which set out the amounts expended under the Plan and the purposes for which those expenditures were made. 
 10. Preservation of Materials 
 The Fund will preserve copies of the Plan, any agreement relating to the Plan and any report made pursuant to Section 9 above, for a period of not less than six years (the first two years in an easily accessible place) from the date of the Plan, agreement or report. 
 11. Delaware Statutory Trust 
 A copy of the Certificate of Trust of the Fund is on file with the Secretary of the State of Delaware, and notice is hereby given that this instrument is executed on behalf of the Trustees of the Fund as Trustees and this Agreement has not been executed by such Trustee in his individual capacity and that the obligations of or arising out of this Plan are not binding upon any of the Trustees, officers or shareholders of the Fund individually but are binding only upon the Fund and the assets and property of the Fund, or upon the assets belonging to the series or attributable to the class of the Fund, for the benefit of which the Trustees have caused this Plan to be executed. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Fund has executed this Plan as of the date first above written on behalf of each Class listed on Appendix A. 
 
 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 
 By s Jenny B. Neslin 
 Name Jenny B. Neslin 
 Title General Counsel & Secretary 

APPENDIX A TO DISTRIBUTION AND SERVICING PLAN 
 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 
 Class of Common Shares of Beneficial Interest Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee 
 Class I Shares N A Class S Shares 0.85 Class D Shares 0.25 
 
 Agreed to and accepted as of October 25, 2022. 
 
 By s Jenny B. Neslin 
 Name Jenny B. Neslin 
 Title General Counsel & Secretary 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 a2022exhibit105tcapgca.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

GLOBAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 AGREEMENT, dated as of December 15, 2022 between AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund Customer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association Custodian ). 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS 
 Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words shall have the meanings set forth below 
 1. Authorized Person shall be any person, whether or not an officer or employee of Customer, duly authorized by Customer to give Oral Instructions or Written Instructions with respect to one or more Accounts, such persons to be designated in a Certificate of Authorized Persons which contains a specimen signature of such person. 
 2. BNYM Affiliate shall mean any office, branch or subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. 
 3. Book-Entry System shall mean the Federal Reserve Treasury book-entry system for receiving and delivering securities, its successors and nominees. 
 4. Business Day shall mean any day on which Custodian and relevant Subcustodians and Depositories are open for business. 
 5. Corporate Action Instructions shall mean instructions delivered to Custodian by Electronic Means, other than e-mail . Corporate Action Instructions sent by facsimile shall be sent to the following number 844-299-3627 (which such number may be changed from time to time as Custodian may designate in writing). 
 6. Depository shall include the Book-Entry System, the Depository Trust Company, Euroclear, Clearstream Banking S.A. and any other securities depository, book-entry system or clearing agency (and their respective successors and nominees) authorized to act as a securities depository, book-entry system or clearing agency pursuant to applicable law and identified to Customer from time to time. 
 7. Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods e-mail, facsimile transmission, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and or authentication keys issued by the Custodian, or another method or system specified by the Custodian as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 
 8. Oral Instructions shall mean instructions received verbally by Custodian. 
 9. Sanctions means all economic sanctions laws, rules, regulations, executive orders and requirements administered by any governmental authority of the United States (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury OFAC )), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, HM Treasury or any other applicable domestic or foreign authority with jurisdiction over Customer. 
 10. Securities shall include, without limitation, any common stock and other equity securities, mutual funds, hedge funds, collective investment vehicles, bonds, debentures, bank loans and other debt securities, notes, mortgages or other obligations, and any instruments representing rights to receive, purchase, or subscribe for the same, or representing any other rights or interests therein (whether represented by a certificate or held in a Depository, with a Subcustodian or on the books of the issuer). 

11. Subcustodian shall mean a bank or other financial institution (other than a Depository) which is utilized by Custodian in connection with the purchase, sale or custody of Securities hereunder and identified to Customer from time to time. 
 
 12. Written Instructions shall mean written communications actually received by Custodian by letter or by Electronic Means. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN ACCOUNTS 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 1. Customer hereby appoints Custodian as custodian of all Securities and cash at any time delivered to Custodian during the term of this Agreement, and authorizes Custodian to hold Securities in registered form in its name or the name of its nominees. Custodian hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to establish and maintain one or more securities accounts and cash accounts (which accounts will be segregated from the accounts of other customers of Custodian) in which Custodian will hold Securities and cash as provided herein. Such accounts (each, an Account collectively, the Accounts shall be in the name of Customer. 
 2. Customer hereby represents, warrants and covenants, which representations, warranties and covenants shall be continuing and shall be deemed to be reaffirmed upon each Oral Instruction or Written Instruction given by Customer, that 
 (a) Customer is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder 
 (b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Customer, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Customer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no statute, regulation, rule, order, judgment or contract binding on Customer prohibits Customer s execution or performance of this Agreement and 
 (c) Either Customer owns the Securities in the Accounts free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests and encumbrances (except those granted herein) or, if the Securities in an Account are owned beneficially by others, Customer has the right to pledge such Securities to the extent necessary to secure Customer s obligations hereunder, free of any right of redemption or prior claim by the beneficial owner. Custodian s security interest pursuant to Article V hereof shall be a first lien security interest subject to no set-offs, counterclaims or other liens prior to or on a parity with it in favor of any other party (other than specific liens granted preferred status by statute), and Customer shall take any and all additional steps at Custodian s request which are required to assure Custodian of such priority and status, including (i) notifying third parties or obtaining their consent to Custodian s security interest, (ii) prohibiting transfer of any interest in a Security from the nominee name in which such investment is registered without the express written consent of Custodian and (iii) ensuring it does not take any other action that would cause Custodian s first lien security interest hereunder to be materially and adversely affected. 
 3. Custodian hereby represents as of the date of this Agreement that 
 (a) Custodian is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and 
 (b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Custodian, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Custodian, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no statute, regulation, rule, order, judgment or, to its knowledge, contract binding on Custodian prohibits Custodian s execution or performance of this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 CUSTODY AND RELATED SERVICES 
 1. (a) Subject to the terms hereof, Customer hereby authorizes Custodian to hold any Securities received by it from time to time for Customer s account. Custodian shall be entitled to utilize Depositories and Subcustodians to the extent possible in connection with its performance hereunder. An initial list of Subcustodians has been provided to Customer. Custodian will notify Customer of changes in such list. Securities and cash deposited by Custodian in a Depository will be held subject to the rules, terms and conditions of such Depository. Securities and cash held through Subcustodians shall be held subject to the terms and conditions of Custodian s agreements with such Subcustodians. Subcustodians may be authorized to hold Securities in central securities depositories or clearing agencies in which such Subcustodians participate. Unless otherwise required by local law or 

practice or a particular subcustodian agreement, Securities deposited with Subcustodians will be held in a commingled account in the name of Custodian as custodian or trustee for its customers. Custodian shall identify on its books and records the Securities and cash belonging to Customer, whether held directly or indirectly through Depositories or Subcustodians. Custodian shall use commercially reasonable methods (taking into consideration the methods employed by professional custodians in comparable circumstances) so that, in the event of an attachment, bankruptcy, moratorium or any situation similar event affecting the Custodian, any Subcustodian or Depository, Customer would be entitled to recover, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and claims, the Customer s Securities and cash held by Custodian, any Subcustodian or Depository and, wherever applicable, the physical possession of the Securities held by Custodian, any Subcustodian or Depository. Custodian will require each Subcustodian to separately identify the Securities and cash in its safe keeping as being held on Custodian s own account from those held on behalf of Custodian s clients, to the extent permitted by the laws and regulations of the local jurisdiction and the procedures of the relevant Subcustodian. In addition, Custodian will keep its books and registers up to date and will make a distinction in its books and registers between the Securities and cash held on its own account from the Securities and cash held on behalf of its clients, and the Securities and cash held for Customer s account from Securities and cash held on behalf of its other clients. 
 (b) Unless applicable law otherwise requires, Custodian shall hold Securities indirectly through a Subcustodian only if (i) the Securities are not subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or claim of any kind in favor of such Subcustodian or its creditors, including a receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or similar authority, except for a claim of payment for the safe custody or administration of Securities or for funds advanced on behalf of Customer by such Subcustodian, and (ii) beneficial ownership of the Securities is freely transferable without the payment of money or value other than for safe custody or administration. 
 2. Custodian shall furnish Customer with an advice of daily transactions and a monthly summary of all transfers to or from the Accounts by the 1 st business day of each calendar month on the Custodian s electronic account platform, NEXEN (or successors thereto). Customer may elect to receive advices, confirmations, reports or statements electronically through the Internet to an email address specified by it for such purpose. By electing to use the Internet for this purpose, Customer acknowledges that such transmissions are not encrypted and therefore are insecure. Customer further acknowledges that there are other risks inherent in communicating through the Internet such as the possibility of virus contamination and disruptions in service, and agrees that Custodian shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or expense suffered or incurred by Customer or any person claiming by or through Customer as a result of the use of such methods. 
 3. With respect to all Securities held hereunder, Custodian shall, unless otherwise instructed to the contrary 
 (a) Receive all income and other payments and advise Customer as promptly as practicable of any such amounts due but not paid 
 (b) Present for payment and receive the amount paid upon all Securities which may mature and advise Customer as promptly as practicable of any such amounts due but not paid 
 (c) Forward to Customer all information or documents that it may receive from an issuer of Securities which, in the opinion of Custodian, are intended for the beneficial owner of Securities 
 (d) Execute, as custodian, any certificates of ownership, affidavits, declarations or other certificates under any tax laws now or hereafter in effect in connection with the collection of bond and note coupons 
 (e) Hold directly or through a Depository or Subcustodian all rights and similar Securities issued with respect to any Securities credited to an Account hereunder and 
 (f) Endorse for collection checks, drafts or other negotiable instruments. 
 (g) Custodian shall perform the following functions with respect to Securities consisting of bank loans and the cash receipts and proceeds with respect thereto 
 (i) Receive funds to purchase bank loans and remit those funds to the recipient borrower or seller of such bank loans upon Written Instructions of Authorized Person 
 (ii) Enter standard bank loan information into Custodian s loan tracking system 
 (iii) Forward to Customer the agent bank notices received from agent banks with respect to Customer and 
 (iv) Prepare and deliver to Customer a position summary statement, cash flow activity and contract accrual reports with respect to the bank loans on a mutually agreed upon periodic basis. 
 4. (a) Custodian shall use reasonable endeavours to deliver or cause to be delivered to Customer, copies of all notices, proxies and proxy-soliciting materials received by Custodian or its nominee in relation to any of the Securities held by Custodian or its nominee for the account of Customer as soon as reasonably practicable 

after such information becoming available to it. Promptly following receipt thereof, Custodian shall notify Customer of such rights or discretionary actions or of the date or dates by when such rights must be exercised or such action must be taken provided that Custodian has received, from the issuer or the relevant Depository (with respect to Securities issued in the United States) or from the relevant Subcustodian, Depository or a nationally or internationally recognized bond or corporate action service to which Custodian subscribes, timely notice of such rights or discretionary corporate action or of the date or dates such rights must be exercised or such action must be taken (except for bank loans). Absent actual receipt of such notice, Custodian shall have no liability for failing to so notify Customer. 
 
 (b) Whenever Securities (including, but not limited to, warrants, options, tenders, options to tender or non-mandatory puts or calls) confer optional rights on Customer or provide for discretionary action or alternative courses of action by Customer, Customer shall be responsible for making any decisions relating thereto and for directing Custodian to act. In order for Custodian to act, it must receive Customer s Corporate Action Instructions, not later than noon at least two (2) Business Days prior to the last scheduled date to act with respect to such Securities (or such earlier date or time as Custodian may notify Customer). Absent Custodian s timely receipt of such Corporate Action Instructions, Custodian shall not be liable for failure to take any action relating to or to exercise any rights conferred by such Securities. Custodian shall not and shall procure that no nominee or agent of the Custodian shall vote or consent to any other action in respect of any of the Securities held by Custodian or its nominees for the account of Customer except in accordance with the Customer s Written Instructions. 
 5. In order to facilitate access by Customer or its designee to ballots or online systems to assist in the voting of proxies received for eligible positions of Securities held in the Account (excluding bankruptcy matters), the Custodian will, at the written request of Customer upon the execution of this Agreement, appoint a provider of proxy voting services to act as agent of Customer to provide global proxy voting services to Customer. Custodian shall have no obligation or liability in respect of such proxy voting services or the acts or omissions of the provider of such proxy voting services. 
 6. Custodian shall promptly advise Customer upon its notification of the partial redemption, partial payment or other action affecting less than all Securities of the relevant class (except for bank loans). If Custodian, any Subcustodian or Depository holds any such Securities in which Customer has an interest as part of a fungible mass, Custodian, such Subcustodian or Depository may select the Securities to participate in such partial redemption, partial payment or other action in any non-discriminatory manner that it customarily uses to make such selection. 
 7. Custodian shall not under any circumstances accept bearer interest coupons which have been stripped from United States federal, state or local government or agency securities unless explicitly agreed to by Custodian in writing. 
 8. Customer shall be liable for all taxes, assessments, duties and other governmental charges, including any interest or penalty with respect thereto Taxes ), with respect to any cash or Securities held on behalf of Customer or any transaction related thereto. Customer shall indemnify Custodian and each Subcustodian for the amount of any Tax that Custodian, any such Subcustodian or any other withholding agent is required under applicable laws (whether by assessment or otherwise) to pay on behalf of, or in respect of income earned by or payments or distributions made to or for the account of Customer (including any payment of Tax required by reason of an earlier failure to withhold). Custodian shall, or shall instruct the applicable Subcustodian or other withholding agent to, withhold the amount of any Tax which is required to be withheld under applicable law upon collection of any dividend, interest or other distribution made with respect to any Security and any proceeds or income from the sale, loan or other transfer of any Security. In the event that Custodian or any Subcustodian is required under applicable law to pay any Tax on behalf of Customer, Custodian is hereby authorized to withdraw cash from any cash account in the amount required to pay such Tax and to use such cash, or to remit such cash to the appropriate Subcustodian, for the timely payment of such Tax in the manner required by applicable law. If the aggregate amount of cash in all cash accounts is not sufficient to pay such Tax, Custodian shall promptly notify Customer of the additional amount of cash (in the appropriate currency) required, and Customer shall directly deposit such additional amount in the appropriate cash account promptly after receipt of such notice, for use by Custodian as specified herein. In the event that Custodian reasonably believes that Customer is eligible, pursuant to applicable law or to the provisions of any tax treaty, for a reduced rate of, or exemption from, any Tax which is otherwise required to be withheld or paid on behalf of Customer under any applicable law, Custodian shall, or shall instruct the applicable Subcustodian or withholding agent to, either withhold or pay such Tax at such reduced rate or refrain from withholding or paying such Tax, as appropriate provided that Custodian shall have received from Customer all documentary evidence of residence or other qualification for such reduced rate or exemption required to be received under such applicable law or treaty. In the event that Custodian reasonably believes that a reduced rate of, or exemption from, any Tax is obtainable only by means of an application for refund, then Custodian shall cooperate and assist Customer with filing such application for refund at the direction of the Customer. Custodian and the applicable Subcustodian shall have no responsibility for the accuracy or validity of any forms or documentation provided by Customer to Custodian hereunder. Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Custodian and each Subcustodian in respect of any liability arising from any underwithholding or underpayment of any Tax 

which results from the inaccuracy or invalidity of any such forms or other documentation, and such obligation to indemnify shall be a continuing obligation of Customer, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement. 
 9. (a) For the purpose of settling Securities and foreign exchange transactions, Customer shall provide Custodian with sufficient immediately available funds for all transactions by such time and date as conditions in the relevant market dictate. As used herein, sufficient immediately available funds shall mean either (i) sufficient cash denominated in the currency of Customer s home jurisdiction to purchase the necessary foreign currency, or (ii) sufficient applicable foreign currency to settle the transaction. Custodian shall provide Customer with immediately available funds each day which result from the actual settlement of all sale transactions, based upon advices received by Custodian from its Subcustodians and Depositories. Such funds shall be in the currency of Customer s home jurisdiction or such other currency as Customer may specify to Custodian. 
 
 (b) If the Custodian receives an instruction to effect any foreign exchange transactions, or cannot comply with instructions without effecting foreign exchange transactions, the Custodian is authorized to enter into spot foreign exchange transactions FX Transactions with the Customer in connection with the Accounts and may provide such foreign exchange services to the Customer itself or through any BNYM Affiliates. The Custodian may convert currency itself or through any BNYM Affiliate and, in those cases, the Custodian or, as the case may be, the relevant BNYM Affiliate through which currency is converted acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and may earn revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads, and sales margin, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things, the difference between the exchange rate assigned to the FX Transaction made under this Agreement and the rate that the Custodian or any BNYM Affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The Custodian or the relevant BNYM Affiliate makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained for any FX Transaction under this Agreement will be the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or as to the method by which that rate will be determined. The Custodian or the relevant BNYM Affiliate may establish rules or limitations concerning any foreign exchange facility made available to the Customer. Any such FX Transactions will be subject to terms and conditions (the FX Terms separately disclosed. In addition, the Custodian may transmit any FX Transaction to a Subcustodian or Depository or as otherwise agreed between the Customer and the Custodian. In such cases, the relevant FX Transaction may not be processed and priced as described in the FX Terms. 
 10. To the extent that Custodian has agreed to provide pricing or other information services in connection with this Agreement, Custodian is authorized to utilize any vendor (including brokers and dealers of Securities) reasonably believed by Custodian to be reliable to provide such information. Customer understands that certain pricing information with respect to complex financial instruments e.g. , derivatives) may be based on calculated amounts rather than actual market transactions and may not reflect actual market values, and that the variance between such calculated amounts and actual market values may or may not be material. Where vendors do not provide information for particular Securities or other property, an Authorized Person may advise Custodian regarding the fair market value of, or provide other information with respect to, such Securities or property as determined by it in good faith. Custodian shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense incurred as a result of errors or omissions with respect to any pricing or other information utilized by Custodian hereunder, except any loss, damage or expense arising out of the negligence or wilful misconduct of Custodian or the failure of Custodian to exercise reasonable care in the selection of said vendor. 
 11. As an accommodation to Customer, Custodian may provide consolidated recordkeeping services pursuant to which Custodian reflects on Account statements Securities not held in Custodian s vault or for which Custodian or its nominee is not the registered owner Non-Custody Securities ). Non-Custody Securities shall be designated on Custodian s books as shares not held or by other similar characterization. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it shall have no security entitlement against Custodian with respect to Non-Custody Securities, that Custodian shall conclusively rely, without independent verification, on information provided by Customer regarding Non-Custody Securities (including but not limited to positions and market valuations) and that Custodian shall have no responsibility whatsoever with respect to Non-Custody Securities or the accuracy of any information maintained on Custodian s books or set forth on account statements concerning Non-Custody Securities. 
 12. With respect to Securities issued in the United States, the Shareholders Communications Act of 1985 (the Act requires Custodian to disclose to the issuers, upon their request, the name, address and securities position of its customers who are (a) the beneficial owners (as defined in the Act) of the issuer s Securities, if the beneficial owner does not object to such disclosure, or (b) acting as a respondent bank (as defined in the Act) with respect to the Securities. (Under the Act, respondent banks do not have the option of objecting to such disclosure upon the issuers request.) The Act defines a beneficial owner as any person who has, or shares, the power to vote a security (pursuant to an agreement or otherwise), or who directs the voting of a security. The Act defines a respondent bank as any bank, association or other entity that exercises fiduciary powers which holds securities on behalf of beneficial owners and deposits such securities for safekeeping with a bank, such as Custodian. Under the Act, Customer is either the beneficial owner or a respondent bank. 

Customer is the beneficial owner, as defined in the Act, of the Securities to be held by Custodian hereunder. 
 Customer is not the beneficial owner of the Securities to be held by Custodian, but is acting as a respondent bank, as defined in the Act, with respect to the Securities to be held by Custodian hereunder. 
 IF NO BOX IS CHECKED, CUSTODIAN SHALL ASSUME THAT CUSTOMER IS THE BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES. 
 For beneficial owners of the Securities only 
 
 Customer objects 
 Customer does not object 
 to the disclosure of its name, address and securities position to any issuer that requests such information pursuant to the Act for the specific purpose of direct communications between such issuer and Customer. 
 
 IF NO BOX IS CHECKED, CUSTODIAN SHALL RELEASE SUCH INFORMATION UNTIL IT RECEIVES A CONTRARY WRITTEN INSTRUCTION FROM CUSTOMER. 
 With respect to Securities issued outside of the United States, information shall be released to issuers only if required by law or regulation of the particular country in which the Securities are located. 
 13. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial organization that operates in and provides services and products to clients through its affiliates and subsidiaries, including the Custodian, located in multiple jurisdictions (the BNY Mellon Group ). The BNY Mellon Group may (i) centralize in one or more affiliates and subsidiaries certain activities (the Centralized Functions ), including audit, accounting, administration, risk management, legal, compliance, sales, product communication, relationship management, and the compilation and analysis of information and data regarding Customer (which, for purposes of this provision, includes the name and business contact information for the Customer s employees and representatives) and the accounts established pursuant to this Agreement Customer Information and (ii) use third party service providers to store, maintain and process Customer s Information Outsourced Functions ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement and solely in connection with the Centralized Functions and or Outsourced Functions, Customer consent to the disclosure of, and authorize BNY Mellon to disclose, Customer s Information to (i) other members of the BNY Mellon Group (and their respective officers, directors and employees) and to (ii) third-party service providers (but solely in connection with Outsourced Functions) who are required to maintain the confidentiality of Customer s Information. In addition, the BNY Mellon Group may aggregate Customer Information with other data collected and or calculated by the BNY Mellon Group, and the BNY Mellon Group will own all such aggregated data, provided that the BNY Mellon Group shall not distribute the aggregated data in a format that identifies Customer Information with Customer specifically. Customer represent that Customer is authorized to consent to the foregoing and that the disclosure of Customer s Information in connection with the Centralized Functions and or Outsourced Functions does not violate any relevant data protection legislation. Customer also consent to the disclosure of Customer s Information to governmental and regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where the BNY Mellon Group operates and otherwise as required by law. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 
 CREDITS TO ACCOUNT 
 1. (a) Promptly after each purchase or sale of Securities by Customer, an Authorized Person shall deliver to Custodian Written Instructions specifying all information necessary for Custodian to settle such purchase or sale. Custodian shall account for all purchases and sales of Securities on the actual settlement date unless otherwise agreed by Custodian. 
 (b) With respect to purchases and redemptions of hedge fund interests or other collective investments interests Hedge Fund Investments ), Custodian (or its nominee) will as agent for Customer, upon the Written Instructions of an Authorized Person, subscribe for and redeem shares, units or other interests and complete, execute and submit all relevant subscription and redemption documentation required by the relevant issuer provided that any Written Instructions given to Custodian hereunder shall be in accordance with Custodian s procedures notified to Customer from time to time and provided further, that Customer s delivery to Custodian of any such Written Instructions to purchase Hedge Fund Investments shall constitute Customer s representation and warranty 

that Customer has reviewed and understands the terms of the relevant offering memorandum or subscription agreement (or similar document) and other document(s) related thereto and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof (including all representations and warranties to which Customer will be bound as beneficial owner of such Hedge Fund Investment). 
 2. Customer understands that when Custodian is instructed to deliver Securities against payment, delivery of such Securities and receipt of payment therefor may not be completed simultaneously. Customer assumes full responsibility for all credit risks involved in connection with Custodian s delivery of Securities pursuant to instructions of Customer. 
 3. Custodian may, as a matter of bookkeeping convenience or by separate agreement with Customer, credit the Account with the proceeds from the sale, redemption or other disposition of Securities or interest, dividends or other distributions payable on Securities prior to its actual receipt of final payment therefor. All such credits shall be conditional until Custodian s actual receipt of final payment and may be reversed by Custodian to the extent that final payment is not received. Payment with respect to a transaction will not be final until Custodian shall have received immediately available funds which under applicable local law, rule and or practice are irreversible and not subject to any security interest, levy or other encumbrance, and which are specifically applicable to such transaction. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 OVERDRAFTS OR INDEBTEDNESS 
 1. If Custodian in its sole discretion advances funds in any currency hereunder or there shall arise for whatever reason an overdraft in an Account (including, without limitation, overdrafts incurred in connection with the settlement of securities transactions, funds transfers or foreign exchange transactions) or if Customer is for any other reason indebted to Custodian, Customer agrees to repay Custodian on demand the amount of the advance, overdraft or indebtedness plus accrued interest at a rate ordinarily charged by Custodian to its institutional custody customers in the relevant currency. 
 2. In order to secure repayment of Customer s obligations to Custodian hereunder, Customer hereby pledges and grants to Custodian a continuing lien and security interest in, and right of set-off against, all of Customer s rights, title and interest in and to the Accounts and the Securities, money and other property now or hereafter held in the Accounts (including proceeds thereof), and any other property at any time held by it for the account of Customer. In this regard, Custodian shall be entitled to all the rights and remedies of a pledgee and secured creditor under applicable laws, rules or regulations as then in effect. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 CONCERNING CUSTODIAN 
 1. (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Custodian shall not be liable for any costs, expenses, damages, liabilities or claims, including attorneys and accountants fees, costs and expenses (collectively, Losses ), incurred by or asserted against Customer, except those Losses arising out of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Custodian. Custodian shall have no liability whatsoever for the action or inaction of any Depository or issuer of Securities. Subject to Section 1(b) below, Custodian s responsibility with respect to any Securities or cash held by a Subcustodian is limited to the failure on the part of Custodian to exercise reasonable care in the selection, retention or monitoring of such Subcustodian in light of prevailing settlement and securities handling practices, procedures and controls in the relevant market. With respect to any Losses incurred by Customer as a result of the acts or the failure to act by any Subcustodian (other than a BNYM Affiliate), Custodian shall take appropriate action to recover such Losses from such Subcustodian and Custodian s sole responsibility and liability to Customer shall be limited to amounts so received from such Subcustodian (exclusive of costs and expenses incurred by Custodian). In no event shall Custodian be liable to Customer or any third party for special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages, or lost profits or loss of business, arising in connection with this Agreement. 
 (b) Custodian may enter into subcontracts, agreements and understandings with any BNYM Affiliate, whenever and on such terms and conditions as it deems necessary or appropriate to perform its services hereunder. No such subcontract, agreement or understanding shall discharge Custodian from its obligations hereunder. 
 (c) Customer agrees to indemnify Custodian and hold Custodian harmless from and against any and all Losses sustained or incurred by or asserted against Custodian by reason of or as a result of any action or inaction, or arising out of Custodian s performance hereunder, including reasonable fees, costs and expenses of counsel incurred by Custodian in a successful defense of claims by Customer provided however, that Customer shall not indemnify Custodian for those Losses arising out of Custodian s negligence or willful misconduct. This 

indemnity shall be a continuing obligation of Customer, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement. 
 2. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Custodian shall be under no obligation to inquire into, and shall not be liable for, any losses incurred by Customer or any other person as a result of the receipt or acceptance of fraudulent, forged or invalid Securities, or Securities which are otherwise not freely transferable or deliverable without encumbrance in any relevant market (other than those received from a BNYM Affiliate). 
 3. Custodian may, with respect to questions of law specifically regarding an Account, obtain the advice of counsel and shall be fully protected with respect to anything done or omitted by it in good faith in conformity with such advice. 
 4. Custodian shall be under no obligation to take action to collect any amount payable on Securities in default, or if payment is refused after due demand and presentment. 
 5. Custodian shall have no duty or responsibility to inquire into, make recommendations, supervise, or determine the suitability of any transactions affecting any Account. 
 6. Customer shall pay to Custodian the fees and charges as may be specifically agreed upon from time to time and such other fees and charges at Custodian s standard rates for such services as may be applicable. Customer shall reimburse Custodian for all reasonable costs associated with the conversion of Customer s Securities hereunder and the transfer of Securities and records kept in connection with this Agreement. Customer shall also reimburse Custodian for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses which are a normal incident of the services provided hereunder. 
 
 7. Custodian has the right to debit any cash account for any amount payable by Customer and not disputed by Customer in good faith in connection with any and all obligations of Customer to Custodian, whether or not relating to or arising under this Agreement. In addition to the rights of Custodian under applicable law and other agreements, at any time when Customer shall not have honored any and all of its obligations to Custodian, Custodian shall have the right without notice to Customer to retain or set-off, against such obligations of Customer, any Securities or cash Custodian or a BNYM Affiliate may directly or indirectly hold for the account of Customer, and any obligations (whether matured or unmatured) that Custodian or a BNYM Affiliate may have to Customer in any currency, provided, however, that Custodian shall endeavor to provide notice to Customer prior to exercising any rights hereunder. Any such asset of, or obligation to, Customer may be transferred to Custodian and any BNYM Affiliate in order to effect the above rights. 
 8. (a) Subject to the terms below, Custodian shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon any Written Instructions or Oral Instructions actually received by Custodian and reasonably believed by Custodian to be duly authorized and delivered. Customer agrees that an Authorized Person shall forward to Custodian Written Instructions confirming Oral Instructions by the close of business of the same day that such Oral Instructions are given to Custodian. Customer agrees that the fact that such confirming Written Instructions are not received or that contrary Written Instructions are received by Custodian shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of transactions authorized by such Oral Instructions and effected by Custodian. 
 (b) The Custodian shall have the right to accept and act upon Written Instructions, including funds transfer instructions and Corporate Action Instructions, given pursuant to this Custody Agreement and delivered using Electronic Means provided, however, that the Customer shall provide to the Custodian a Certificate of Authorized Persons listing Authorized Persons and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Persons, which Certificate shall be amended by the Customer whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Customer elects to give the Custodian Written Instructions using Electronic Means and the Custodian in its discretion elects to act upon such Written Instructions, the Custodian s understanding of such Written Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Customer understands and agrees that the Custodian cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Written Instructions and that the Custodian shall conclusively presume that Written Instructions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Person listed on the Certificate of Authorized Persons provided to the Custodian have been sent by such Authorized Person. The Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Persons transmit such Written Instructions to the Custodian and that the Customer and all Authorized Persons are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and or authentication keys with reasonable care upon receipt by the Customer. The Custodian shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Custodian s reliance upon and compliance with such Written Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent Written Instruction. The Customer agrees (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Written Instructions to the Custodian, including without limitation the risk of the Custodian acting on unauthorized Written Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Written Instructions to the Custodian and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Written Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Customer (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Written Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its 

particular needs and circumstances and (iv) to notify the Custodian immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. 
 (c) If Customer elects to transmit Written Instructions or Corporate Action Instructions through an electronic platform offered by Custodian or a BNYM Affiliate, Customer s access to and use thereof shall be subject to any terms and conditions contained in a separate written agreement. Customer shall be responsible for requesting access to any such electronic platform and completing the documentation required for such access and nothing herein shall obligate Custodian to ensure any such access. Should Customer fail to, or elect not to, avail itself of such access, neither Custodian nor any BNYM Affiliate accepts any responsibility whatsoever for any Losses arising as a result of the lack of such access in connection with its services under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, whenever Custodian is required to deliver any notice or information to Customer under the terms of this Agreement, it may do so by making the relevant notice or information available to Customer via an electronic platform operated by Custodian or a BNYM Affiliate. If Customer elects (with Custodian s prior consent) to transmit Written Instructions or Corporate Action Instructions through an on-line communications service owned or operated by a third party, Customer agrees that Custodian shall not be responsible or liable for the reliability or availability of any such service. 
 9. Upon reasonable request and provided Custodian shall suffer no significant disruption of its normal activities, Customer shall have access to Custodian s books and records relating to the Accounts during Custodian s normal business hours. Upon reasonable request, copies of any such books and records shall be provided to Customer at Customer s expense. 
 10. Custodian shall not either before or for one year after the termination of this Agreement disclose to any person not authorized by Customer in writing to receive the same any confidential information relating to Customer or its business. Custodian shall not disclose Customer s confidential information to personnel responsible for any proprietary trading activity of Custodian or its affiliates. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, it is understood that Custodian is authorized to supply any information regarding the Accounts which is required by any law, regulation or rule now or hereafter in effect. 
 
 11. Neither Customer nor Custodian shall be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement to the extent caused, directly or indirectly, by natural disasters, fire, acts of God, strikes or other labor disputes, work stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, general civil unrest, actual or threatened epidemics, disease, act of any government, governmental authority or police or military authority, declared or threatened state of emergency, legal constraint, the interruption, loss or malfunction of utilities or transportation, communications or computer systems, or any other similar events beyond its reasonable control. Custodian will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the effect of any such events. 
 12. Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities whatsoever except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no covenant or obligation shall be implied against Custodian in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 TERMINATION 
 
 Either party may terminate this Agreement by giving to the other party a notice in writing specifying the date of such termination, which shall be not less than ninety (90) days after the date of such notice. Upon termination hereof, Customer shall pay to Custodian such compensation as may be due to Custodian, and shall likewise reimburse Custodian for other amounts payable or reimbursable to Custodian hereunder. Custodian shall follow such reasonable Oral or Written Instructions concerning the transfer of custody of records, Securities and other items as Customer shall give provided, that (a) Custodian shall have no liability for shipping and insurance costs associated therewith, and (b) full payment shall have been made to Custodian of its compensation, costs, expenses and other amounts to which it is entitled hereunder. If any Securities or cash remain in any Account, Custodian may deliver to Customer such Securities and cash. Except as otherwise provided herein, all obligations of the parties to each other hereunder shall cease upon termination of this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 1. Customer agrees to furnish to Custodian a new Certificate of Authorized Persons in the event of any change in the then present Authorized Persons. Until such new Certificate is received, Custodian shall be fully protected in acting upon Oral Instructions and Written Instructions of such present Authorized Persons. 
 2. Any notice or other instrument in writing, authorized or required by this Agreement to be given to Custodian, shall be sufficiently given if addressed to Custodian and received by it at its offices at 601 Travis Street, 

Houston, Texas 77002, or at such other place as Custodian may from time to time designate in writing provided however, any instruction given to Custodian in connection with Securities pursuant to Section 4(b) of Article III shall be given by Customer exclusively by Corporate Action Instructions. 
 3. Any notice or other instrument in writing, authorized or required by this Agreement to be given to Customer shall be sufficiently given if addressed to Customer and received by it at its offices at _______________________________, or at such other place as Customer may from time to time designate in writing. 
 4. Each and every right granted to either party hereunder or under any other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, or allowed it by law or equity, shall be cumulative and may be exercised from time to time. No failure on the part of either party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by either party of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 
 5. In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations shall not in any way be affected thereby. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a written agreement executed by both parties. This Agreement shall extend to and shall be binding upon the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns provided however, that this Agreement shall not be assignable by either party without the written consent of the other. 
 6. (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. Customer and Custodian hereby consent to the jurisdiction of a state or federal court situated in New York City, New York in connection with any dispute arising hereunder. Customer hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Customer and Custodian each hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The parties hereto agree that the establishment and maintenance of the Account, and all interests, duties and obligations with respect thereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
 (c) (1) In the event The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. special resolution regime, the transfer of this Agreement (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Agreement) from The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. special resolution regime if this Agreement (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Agreement) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States and 
 (2) In the event The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association or any of its affiliates becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. special resolution regime, default rights with respect to this Agreement that may be exercised against The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than the default rights could be exercised under the U.S. special resolution regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 (d) For Governmental Entities To the extent that in any jurisdiction Customer may now or hereafter be entitled to claim, for itself or its assets, immunity from suit, execution, attachment (before or after judgment) or other legal process, Customer irrevocably agrees not to claim, and it hereby waives, such immunity. 
 7. The parties hereto agree that in performing hereunder, Custodian is acting solely on behalf of Customer and no contractual or service relationship shall be deemed to be established hereby between Custodian and any other person. 
 8. Customer hereby acknowledges that Custodian is subject to federal laws, including the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements under the USA PATRIOT Act and its implementing regulations, pursuant to which Custodian must obtain, verify and record information that allows Custodian to identify Customer. Accordingly, prior to opening an Account hereunder Custodian will ask Customer to provide certain information including, but not limited to, Customer s name, physical address, tax identification number and other information that will help Custodian to identify and verify Customer s identity such as organizational documents, certificate of good standing, license to do business, or other pertinent identifying information. Customer agrees that Custodian cannot open an Account hereunder unless and until the Custodian verifies the Customer s identity in accordance with its CIP. If Customer is a hedge fund or other type of collective investment vehicle (i) Customer has established and presently maintains an anti-money laundering program (the Program reasonably designed to prevent Customer from being used as a conduit for money laundering or other illicit purposes or the financing of terrorist activities, (ii) it is in compliance with the Program and all anti-money laundering laws, regulations and rules now or hereafter in effect that are applicable to it, (iii) it has verified the identity of each of its investors and documented the 

origin of the assets funding each investor s account with Customer, (iv) it can represent and warrant that, to the best of its knowledge, no investor has invested in Customer for money laundering or other illicit purposes and (v) it shall promptly notify Custodian in writing if any of the foregoing representations and warranties are no longer true. 
 9. (a) Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Customer (i) will have in place and will implement policies and procedures designed to prevent violations of Sanctions, including measures to accomplish effective and timely scanning of all relevant data with respect to its clients and with respect to incoming or outgoing assets or transactions relating to this Agreement (ii) shall ensure that neither the Customer nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that is (A) the target of Sanctions or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the target of Sanctions and (iii) shall not, directly or indirectly, use the services and or Accounts in any manner that would result in a violation by the Customer or the Custodian of Sanctions. 
 (b) The Customer will promptly provide to the Custodian such information as the Custodian reasonably requests in connection with the matters referenced in this Clause, including information regarding the Customer, the Accounts, the assets in relation to which services are to be provided and the source thereof, and the identity of any individual or entity having or claiming an interest therein. The Custodian may decline to act or provide services in respect of any Account, and take such other actions as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems necessary or advisable, in connection with the matters referenced in this Clause. If the Custodian declines to act or provide services as provided in the preceding sentence, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law or official request, the Custodian will inform the Customer as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 10. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Customer and Custodian have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written. 
 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND By s Jenny B. Neslin Title General Counsel and Secretary Tax Identification No THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION By s J olika Botethi Title Vice President 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHORIZED PERSONS 
 (Customer Oral Instructions and Written Instructions) 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that he she is the duly elected and acting ______________________________ of ________________________________ (the Corporation ), and further certifies that the following officers or employees of the Corporation have been duly authorized in conformity with the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws to deliver Oral Instructions and Written Instructions to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association BNYM pursuant to the Global Custody Agreement between the Corporation and BNYM dated _______________, and that the signatures appearing opposite their names are true and correct 
 Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number 
 This certificate supersedes any certificate of authorized individuals you may currently have on file. 
 corporate seal 
 Title Date 

CUSTODY ACCOUNT AGENCY AUTHORIZATION 
 Reference is made to the Global Custody Agreement (the Custody Agreement dated as of ____________________ between _____________________________________________________________________________________________ Customer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association BNYM ). 
 This is to advise BNYM that for the account(s) identified below Customer has duly authorized the following investment managers (each, an Investment Manager to act as Customer s agent for the purpose of (a) delivering Oral Instructions and Written Instructions to BNYM (as defined in the Custody Agreement), and or (b) buying and selling foreign currency (on a spot and forward basis) and options to buy and sell foreign currency, as such purposes are designated below, and to confirm to BNYM that all actions taken by BNYM in reliance upon such authorization (whether in its capacity as custodian or counterparty) shall be binding on Customer. 
 Investment Manager Account Title Number Inst. F X 
 
 corporate seal 
 By Title Date 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHORIZED PERSONS 
 (Investment Manager - Oral Instructions and Written Instructions) 
 Re Account Name 
 Account Number 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that he she is the duly elected and acting ________________ of _______________ (the Investment Manager ), and further certifies that the following officers or employees of the Investment Manager have been duly authorized in conformity with the Investment Manager s organizational documents to deliver Oral Instructions and Written Instructions to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association BNYM with respect to the above-referenced Account, and that the signatures appearing opposite their names are true and correct 
 Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number 
 This certificate supersedes any certificate of authorized individuals you may currently have on file. 
 seal 
 Title Date 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHORIZED PERSONS 
 (Customer - Foreign Exchange) 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that he she is the duly elected and acting ________________ of _________________ (the Corporation ), and further certifies that the following officers or employees of the Corporation have been duly authorized in conformity with the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws to enter into contracts with The Bank of New York Mellon BNYM to buy and sell foreign currency (on a spot and forward basis) and options to buy and sell foreign currency on behalf of the Corporation or any Account F X Transactions ), and that the signatures appearing opposite their names are true and correct 
 Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number 
 and further certifies that the following officers or employees of the Corporation have been duly authorized in conformity with the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws to confirm, orally and in writing, the terms of F X Transactions entered with BNYM, and that the signatures appearing opposite their names are true and correct 
 Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number 
 This certificate supersedes any certificate of authorized individuals you may currently have on file. 
 corporate seal 
 Title Date 

CERTIFICATE OF AUTHORIZED PERSONS 
 (Investment Manager - Foreign Exchange) 
 Re Account Name 
 Account Number 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that he she is the duly elected and acting ______________ of _______________ (the Investment Manager ), and further certifies that the following officers or employees of the Investment Manager have been duly authorized in conformity with the Investment Manager s organizational documents to enter into contracts with The Bank of New York Mellon BNYM to buy and sell foreign currency (on a spot and forward basis) and options to buy and sell foreign currency on behalf of the above-referenced Account F X Transactions ), and that the signatures appearing opposite their names are true and correct 
 Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number 
 and further certifies that the following officers or employees of the Investment Manager have been duly authorized in conformity with the Investment Manager s organizational documents to confirm, orally and in writing, the terms of F X Transactions entered by the Investment Manager with BNYM, and that the signatures appearing opposite their names are true and correct 
 Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number Name Title Signature Phone Number 
 This certificate supersedes any certificate of authorized individuals you may currently have on file. 
 seal 
 Title Date 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 7
 a2022ex106tcapadminagrmt.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
 AGREEMENT (this Agreement made as of this 25 th day of October, 2022, by and between AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (hereinafter referred to as the Company ), and AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Administrator ). 
 WITNESSETH 
 WHEREAS, the Company is a newly formed, closed-end non-diversified management investment company that intends to file a notice with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to elect to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the Administrator to provide administrative services to the Company in the manner and on the terms hereinafter set forth 
 WHEREAS, the Company s investment adviser is AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (in such capacity, the Adviser 
 WHEREAS, Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P. Angelo Gordon is the Administrator s sole member and 
 WHEREAS, the Administrator is willing to provide administrative services to the Company on the terms and conditions hereafter set forth. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Administrator hereby agree as follows 
 1. Duties of the Administrator 
 (a) Employment of Administrator. The Company hereby employs the Administrator to act as administrator of the Company, and to furnish, or arrange for others to furnish, the administrative services, personnel and facilities described below, subject to review by and the overall control of the Board of Trustees of the Company (the Board ), for the period and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Administrator hereby accepts such employment and agrees during such period to render, or arrange for the rendering of, such services and to assume the obligations herein set forth subject to the reimbursement of costs and expenses provided for below. The Administrator and such others shall for all purposes herein be deemed to be independent contractors and shall, unless otherwise expressly provided or authorized herein, have no authority to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed agents of the Company. 
 (b) Services. The Administrator shall perform (or oversee, or arrange for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for the operation of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall provide the Company with office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities and 

such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Administrator shall also, on behalf of the Company, conduct relations with custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other shareholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. The Administrator shall make reports to the Board of its performance of obligations hereunder and furnish advice and recommendations with respect to such other aspects of the business and affairs of the Company as it shall determine to be desirable provided that nothing herein shall be construed to require the Administrator to, and the Administrator shall not in such capacity, provide any advice or recommendation relating to the securities and other assets that the Company should purchase, retain or sell or any other investment advisory services to the Company. The Administrator shall be responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain and shall prepare reports to shareholders, and reports and other materials filed with the SEC. The Administrator will provide on the Company's behalf significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which the Company is required to provide such assistance. In addition, the Administrator will assist the Company in determining and publishing the Company's net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of the Company's tax returns, and the printing and dissemination of reports to shareholders of the Company, and generally overseeing the payment of the Company's expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. The Administrator is hereby authorized, but not required, to enter into one or more sub-administration agreements as the Administrator determines necessary in order to carry out the services set forth in this paragraph, subject to the prior approval of the Company, with other administrators (each, a Sub-Administrator pursuant to which the Administrator may obtain the services of the Sub-Administrator(s) to assist the Administrator in fulfilling its responsibilities hereunder. To the extent the Administrator outsources any of its functions, at the request of the Administrator, the Company will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to the Administrator. 
 2. Records 
 The Administrator agrees to maintain and keep all books, accounts and other records of the Company that relate to activities performed by the Administrator hereunder and, if required by the Investment Company Act, will maintain and keep such books, accounts and records in accordance with that Act. In compliance with the requirements of Rule 31a-3 under the Investment Company Act, the Administrator agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company shall at all times remain the property of the Company, shall be readily accessible during normal business hours, and shall be promptly surrendered upon the termination of this Agreement or otherwise on written request. The Administrator further agrees that all records which it maintains for the Company pursuant to Rule 31a-1 under the Investment Company Act will be preserved for the periods prescribed by Rule 31a-2 under the Investment Company Act unless any such records are earlier surrendered as provided above. Records shall be surrendered in usable machine-readable form. The Administrator shall have the right to retain copies of such records subject to observance of its confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. 
 3. Confidentiality 

2 

The parties hereto agree that each shall treat confidentially all information provided by each party to the other regarding its business and operations. All confidential information provided by a party hereto, including nonpublic personal information pursuant to Regulation S-P of the SEC, shall be used by any other party hereto solely for the purpose of rendering services pursuant to this Agreement and, except as may be required in carrying out this Agreement, shall not be disclosed to any third party, without the prior consent of such providing party. The foregoing shall not be applicable to any information that is publicly available when provided or thereafter becomes publicly available other than through a breach of this Agreement, or that is required to be disclosed by any regulatory authority, any authority or legal counsel of the parties hereto, by judicial or administrative process or otherwise by applicable law or regulation. 
 4. Compensation Allocation of Costs and Expenses 
 In full consideration of the provision of the services of the Administrator, the Company shall reimburse the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations including the Company s allocable portion of the costs and expenses of providing personnel and facilities hereunder. Except as specifically provided herein or otherwise in the Investment Management Agreement between the Company and the Adviser (the Investment Management Agreement ), the Company anticipates that all investment professionals and staff of the Adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services to the Company, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Adviser. The Company will bear all other costs and expenses of the Company s operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to 
 1) investment advisory fees, including management fees and incentive fees, to the Adviser, pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement 
 2) the Company s allocable portion of compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its administrative obligations under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the Company s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, general counsel and their respective staffs (ii) investor relations, legal, operations and other non-investment professionals at the Administrator that perform duties for the Company and (iii) any personnel of Angelo Gordon or any of its affiliates providing non-investment related services to the Company and 
 3) all other expenses of the Company s operations, administrations and transactions including, without limitation, those relating to 
 (i) organization and offering expenses associated with the offering of securities (including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses and other offering expenses, including costs associated with technology integration between the Company s systems and those of participating intermediaries, reasonable bona fide due diligence expenses of participating intermediaries supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials and other marketing expenses, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the Company s transfer agent, fees to attend retail seminars sponsored by participating intermediaries and costs, expenses and reimbursements for travel, meals, 

3 

accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses related to meetings or events with prospective investors, intermediaries, registered investment advisors or financial or other advisors, but excluding the shareholder servicing fee) 
 (ii) all taxes, fees, costs, and expenses, retainers and or other payments of accountants, legal counsel, advisors (including tax advisors), administrators and sub-administrators, auditors (including with respect to any additional auditing required under The Directive 2011 61 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any applicable legislation implemented by an EEA Member state in connection with such Directive (the AIFMD ), investment bankers, administrative agents, paying agents, depositaries, custodians, trustees, sub-custodians, consultants (including individuals consulted through expert network consulting firms), engineers, senior advisors, industry experts, operating partners, deal sourcers (including personnel dedicated to but not employed by Angelo Gordon), and other professionals (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the costs and charges allocable with respect to the provision of internal legal, tax, accounting, technology or other services and professionals related thereto (including secondees and temporary personnel or consultants that may be engaged on short- or long-term arrangements) as deemed appropriate by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, where such internal personnel perform services that would be paid by the Company if outside service providers provided the same services) fees, costs, and expenses herein include (x) costs, expenses and fees for hours spent by its in-house attorneys and tax advisors that provide legal advice and or services to the Company or its portfolio companies on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions and the ongoing operations of the Company and (y) expenses and fees to provide administrative and accounting services to the Company or its portfolio companies, and expenses, charges and or related costs incurred directly by the Company or affiliates in connection such services (including overhead related thereto), in each case, (I) that are specifically charged or specifically allocated or attributed by the Administrator, with the oversight of the Board, to the Company or its portfolio companies and (II) provided that any such amounts shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially similar advice and or services of the same skill and expertise) 
 (iii) the cost of calculating the Company s net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services 
 (iv) the cost of effecting any sales and repurchases of the Company s common shares of beneficial interest and other securities 
 (v) fees and expenses payable under any intermediary manager and selected intermediary agreements, if any 
 (vi) interest and fees and expenses arising out of all borrowings, guarantees and other financings or derivative transactions (including interest, fees and related legal expenses) made or entered into by the Company, including, but not limited to, the arranging thereof and related legal expenses 

4 

(vii) all fees, costs and expenses of any loan servicers and other service providers and of any custodians, lenders, investment banks and other financing sources 
 (viii) costs incurred in connection with the formation or maintenance of entities or vehicles to hold the Company s assets for tax or other purposes 
 (ix) costs of derivatives and hedging 
 (x) expenses, including travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, incurred by the Adviser, or members of its investment team, or payable to third parties, in evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring and performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies, including such expenses related to potential investments that were not consummated, and, if necessary, enforcing the Company s rights 
 (xi) expenses (including the allocable portions of compensation and out-of-pocket expenses such as travel expenses) or an appropriate portion thereof of employees of the Adviser to the extent such expenses relate to attendance at meetings of the Board or any committees thereof 
 (xii) all fees, costs and expenses, if any, incurred by or on behalf of the Company in developing, negotiating and structuring prospective or potential investments that are not ultimately made, including, without limitation any legal, tax, administrative, accounting, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting and printing expenses, reverse termination fees and any liquidated damages, commitment fees that become payable in connection with any proposed investment that is not ultimately made, forfeited deposits or similar payments 
 (xiii) the allocated costs incurred by the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it 
 (xiv) all brokerage costs, hedging costs, prime brokerage fees, custodial expenses, agent bank and other bank service fees private placement fees, commissions, appraisal fees, commitment fees and underwriting costs costs and expenses of any lenders, investment banks and other financing sources, and other investment costs, fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with evaluating, making, holding, settling, clearing, monitoring or disposing of actual investments (including, without limitation, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment expenses and any expenses related to attending trade association and or industry meetings, conferences or similar meetings, any costs or expenses relating to currency conversion in the case of investments denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars) and expenses arising out of trade settlements (including any delayed compensation expenses) 
 (xv) investment costs, including all fees, costs and expenses incurred in sourcing, evaluating, developing, negotiating, structuring, trading (including trading errors), settling, monitoring and holding prospective or actual investments or investment strategies including, without limitation, any financing, legal, filing, auditing, tax, accounting, compliance, loan administration, travel, meals, accommodations and entertainment, advisory, consulting, engineering, data-related and other professional fees, 

5 

costs and expenses in connection therewith (to the extent the Adviser is not reimbursed by a prospective or actual issuer of the applicable investment or other third parties or capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the transaction) and any fees, costs and expenses related to the organization or maintenance of any vehicle through which the Company directly or indirectly participates in the acquisition, holding and or disposition of investments or which otherwise facilitate the Company s investment activities, including without limitation any travel and accommodations expenses related to such vehicle and the salary and benefits of any personnel (including personnel of Adviser or its affiliates) reasonably necessary and or advisable for the maintenance and operation of such vehicle, or other overhead expenses (including any fees, costs and expenses associated with the leasing of office space (which may be made with one or more affiliates of Angelo Gordon as lessor in connection therewith)) 
 (xvi) transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees 
 (xvii) fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts 
 (xviii) federal and state registration fees, franchise fees, any stock exchange listing fees and fees payable to rating agencies 
 (xix) independent trustees fees and expenses including reasonable travel, entertainment, lodging and meal expenses, and any legal counsel or other advisors retained by, or at the discretion or for the benefit of, the independent trustees 
 (xx) costs of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records, costs of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance and attestation and costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and other regulatory bodies and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration and exchange listing and the costs associated with reporting and compliance obligations under the Investment Company Act and any other applicable federal and state securities laws, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the foregoing 
 (xxi) all fees, costs and expenses associated with the preparation and issuance of the Company s periodic reports and related statements (e.g., financial statements and tax returns) and other internal and third-party printing (including a flat service fee), publishing (including time spent performing such printing and publishing services) and reporting-related expenses (including other notices and communications) in respect of the Company and its activities (including internal expenses, charges and or related costs incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Company or the Adviser or its affiliates in connection with such provision of services thereby) 
 (xxii) the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to shareholders (including printing and mailing costs) and the costs of any shareholder or Trustee meetings 
 (xxiii) proxy voting expenses 

6 

(xxiv) costs associated with an exchange listing 
 (xxv) costs of registration rights granted to certain investors 
 (xxvi) any taxes and or tax-related interest, fees or other governmental charges (including any penalties incurred where the Adviser lacks sufficient information from third parties to file a timely and complete tax return) levied against the Company and all expenses incurred in connection with any tax audit, investigation, litigation, settlement or review of the Company and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith 
 (xxvii) all fees, costs and expenses of any litigation, arbitration or audit involving the Company, any vehicle or its portfolio companies and the amount of any judgments, assessments fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith, trustees and officers, liability or other insurance (including costs of title insurance) and indemnification (including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Company 
 (xxviii) all fees, costs and expenses associated with the Company s information, obtaining and maintaining technology (including the costs of any professional service providers), hardware software, data-related communication, market data and research (including news and quotation equipment and services and including costs allocated by the Adviser s or its affiliates internal and third-party research group (which are generally based on time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings or a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator) and expenses and fees (including compensation costs) charged or specifically attributed or allocated by Adviser and or its affiliates for data-related services provided to the Company and or its portfolio companies (including in connection with prospective investments), each including expenses, charges, fees and or related costs of an internal nature provided, that any such expenses, charges or related costs shall not be greater than what would be paid to an unaffiliated third party for substantially similar services) reporting costs (which includes notices and other communications and internally allocated charges), and dues and expenses incurred in connection with membership in industry or trade organizations 
 (xxix) the costs of specialty and custom software for monitoring risk, compliance and the overall portfolio, including any development costs incurred prior to the filing of the Company s election to be treated as a BDC 
 (xxx) costs associated with individual or group shareholders 
 (xxxi) fidelity bond, trustees and officers errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums 
 (xxxii) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying and secretarial and other staff 

7 

(xxxiii) all fees, costs and expenses of winding up and liquidating the Company s assets 
 (xxxiv) extraordinary expenses (such as litigation or indemnification) 
 (xxxv) all fees, costs and expenses related to compliance-related matters (such as developing and implementing specific policies and procedures in order to comply with certain regulatory requirements) and regulatory filings notices or disclosures related to the Company s activities (including, without limitation, expenses relating to the preparation and filing of filings required under the Securities Act, Internal Revenue Service filings under FATCA and FBAR reporting requirements applicable to the Company or reports to be filed with the CFTC, reports, disclosures, filings and notifications prepared in connection with the laws and or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Company engages in activities, including any notices, reports and or filings required under the AIFMD, European Securities and Markets Authority and any related regulations, and other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser relating to the Company and its affiliates relating to the Company, and their activities) and or other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the Adviser and its affiliates relating to the Company including those pursuant to applicable disclosure laws and expenses relating to FOIA requests, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any expenses incurred for general compliance and regulatory matters that are not related to the Company and its activities 
 (xxxvi) costs and expenses (including travel) in connection with the diligence and oversight of the Company s service providers 
 (xxxvii) costs and expenses, including travel, meals, accommodations, entertainment and other similar expenses, incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates for meetings with existing investors and any intermediaries, registered investment advisors, financial and other advisors representing such existing investors and 
 (xxxviii) all other expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with administering the Company s business. 
 From time to time, the Adviser, the Administrator or their affiliates may pay third-party providers of goods or services. The Company will reimburse the Adviser, the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts paid on the Company s behalf. From time to time, the Adviser or the Administrator may defer or waive fees and or rights to be reimbursed for expenses. 
 All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by the Company s shareholders. 
 Costs and expenses of the Administrator and the Adviser that are eligible for reimbursement by the Company will be reasonably allocated to the Company on the basis of time spent, assets under management, usage rates, proportionate holdings, a combination thereof or other reasonable methods determined by the Administrator. 
 5. Limitation of Liability of the Administrator Indemnification 

8 

The Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation its members and the Adviser) shall not be liable to the Company or its shareholders for any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation its members) in connection with the performance of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company, and the Company shall indemnify, defend and protect the Administrator (and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members, and any other person or entity affiliated with the Administrator, including without limitation the Adviser, each of whom shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Administrator's duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as administrator for the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this Paragraph 5 to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any liability to the Company or its security holders to which the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations in the performance of the Administrator's duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of the Administrator's duties and obligations under this Agreement (to the extent applicable, as the same shall be determined in accordance with the Investment Company Act and any interpretations or guidance by the SEC or its staff thereunder). 
 An Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advances from the Company for payment of the reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by it in connection with the matter as to which it is seeking indemnification in the manner and to the fullest extent permissible under law. Prior to any such advance, the Indemnified Party shall provide to the Company a written affirmation of its good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company has been met and a written undertaking to repay any such advance if it should ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met. In addition, at least one of the following additional conditions shall be met (a) the Indemnified Party shall provide a security in form and amount acceptable to the Company for its undertaking (b) the Company is insured against losses arising by reason of the advance or (c) a majority of a quorum of disinterested non-party trustees or independent legal counsel, in a written opinion, shall have determined, based on a review of facts readily available to the Company at the time the advance is proposed to be made, that there is reason to believe that the Indemnified Party will ultimately be found to be entitled to indemnification. 
 6. Activities of the Administrator 
 The services of the Administrator to the Company are not to be deemed to be exclusive, and the Administrator and each affiliate is free to render services to others. It is understood that trustees, officers, employees and shareholders of the Company are or may become interested in 

9 

the Administrator and its affiliates, as trustees, officers, members, managers, employees, partners, shareholders or otherwise, and that the Administrator and trustees, officers, members, managers, employees, partners and shareholders of the Administrator and its affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company as shareholders or otherwise. 
 7. Duration and Termination of this Agreement 
 
 This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof, and shall remain in force with respect to the Company for two years thereafter, and thereafter continue from year to year, but only so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the Board and (ii) a majority of those trustees of the Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act) of any such party to this Agreement. 
 This Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of the trustees of the Company, or by the Administrator, upon 60 days written notice to the other party. This Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the prior consent of the other party. 
 8. Amendments to this Agreement 
 This Agreement may be amended pursuant to a written instrument by mutual consent of the parties. 
 9. Governing Law 
 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with laws of the State of New York and the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act, if any. To the extent that the applicable laws of the State of New York, or any of the provisions herein, conflict with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act, if any, the latter shall control. 
 10. Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof 
 11. Notices 
 
 Any notice under this Agreement shall be given in writing, addressed and delivered or mailed, postage prepaid, to the other party at its principal office. 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date above written. 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 By s Jenny B. Neslin Name Jenny B. Neslin Title General Counsel and Secretary 
 AGTB Fund Manager, LLC 
 By Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P., its manager 
 s Gregory Shalette Name Gregory Shalette Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature page for Administration Agreement 

11 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 8
 a2022exhibit107tcapdst.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

 Services Agreement 
 This Services Agreement (the Agreement is entered into and effective as of October 24 , 2022 (the Effective Date by and between 
 1. DST Systems, Inc., a corporation organized in the state of Delaware (referred to herein as DST or the Transfer Agent ), and 
 2. AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a statutory trust organized in the State of Delaware, in connection with its investment services for Funds (the Fund ). 
 The Fund and DST each may be referred to individually as a Party or collectively as Parties . 
 1. Definitions Interpretation 
 1.1. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings 
 (a) Action means any civil, criminal, regulatory or administrative lawsuit, allegation, demand, claim, counterclaim, action, dispute, sanction, suit, request, inquiry, investigation, arbitration or proceeding, in each case, made, asserted, commenced or threatened by any Person (including any Government Authority). 
 (b) Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that is controlled by, controls, or is under common control with such Person and control of a Person means (i) ownership of, or possession of the right to vote, more than 25 of the outstanding voting equity of that Person or (ii) the right to control the appointment of the board of directors or analogous governing body, management or executive officers of that Person. 
 (c) Authorized Personnel means the authorized officers of the Fund set forth in Appendix 3 attached hereto. 
 (d) Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for business. 
 (e) Claim means any Action arising out of the subject matter of, or in any way related to, this Agreement, its formation or the Services. 
 (f) Fund Data means all information with respect to the Fund s business, financials and customers, including data related to securities trades and other transaction data, investment returns, issue descriptions, and Market Data provided by the Fund and all output and derivatives thereof, necessary to enable DST to perform the Services, but excluding DST Property. 
 (g) Confidential Information means any information about the Fund or DST, including this Agreement, and any third party information that either Party is required to keep confidential, including nonpublic personal information under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and all personal information as defined in the Massachusetts Standards for the Protection of Personal Information, except for information that (i) is or becomes part of the public domain without breach of this Agreement by the receiving Party, (ii) was rightfully acquired from a third party, or is developed independently, by the receiving Party, or (iii) is generally known by Persons in the technology, securities, or financial services industries. 
 (h) Data Supplier means a third party supplier of Market Data. 
 (i) DST Associates means DST and each of its Affiliates, members, shareholders, directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, successors or assigns. 
 (j) DST Property means all hardware, software, source code, data, report designs, spreadsheet formulas, information gathering or reporting techniques, know-how, technology and all other property commonly referred to as intellectual property used by DST in connection with its performance of the Services. 

(k) Governing Documents means the constitutional documents of an entity and, with respect to the Fund, all minutes of meetings of the board of directors or analogous governing body. 
 (l) Government Authority means any relevant administrative, judicial, executive, legislative or other governmental or intergovernmental entity, department, agency, commission, board, bureau or court, and any other regulatory or self-regulatory organizations, in any country or jurisdiction. 
 (m) Law means statutes, rules, regulations, interpretations and orders of any Government Authority that are applicable to the party upon which compliance with such Law is being required or to its business. 
 (n) Losses means any and all compensatory, direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, enhanced or other damages, settlement payments, attorneys fees, costs, damages, charges, expenses, interest, applicable taxes or other losses of any kind. 
 (o) Market Data means any third party market and reference data. 
 (p) Person means any natural person or corporate or unincorporated entity or organization and that person s personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
 (q) Services means the services listed in the Schedules attached hereto, as may be amended, or under such other service Schedules, which may be added to this Agreement by the Parties from time to time. 
 (r) Third Party Claim means a Claim (i) brought by any Person other than the indemnifying Party or (ii) brought by a Party on behalf of or that could otherwise be asserted by a third party. 
 1.2. Other capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined in this Section 1 shall have the meanings ascribed thereto. 
 1.3. Section and Schedule headings shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement includes the schedules and appendices hereto. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and a schedule or appendix, the former shall control, except to the extent that such schedule or appendix expressly provides otherwise as to the services under such schedule or appendix. 
 1.4. Words in the singular include the plural and words in the plural include the singular. The words including, includes, included and include , when used, are deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of analogous import shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 
 1.5. The Parties duties and obligations are governed by and limited to the express terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall not be modified, supplemented, amended or interpreted in accordance with, any industry custom or practice, or any internal policies or procedures of any Party that are not referenced in this Agreement or the applicable Schedule. The Parties have mutually negotiated the terms hereof and there shall be no presumption of law relating to the interpretation of contracts against the drafter. 
 2. Services and Fees 
 2.1. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, DST will perform for the Fund the Services set forth in the Schedules attached hereto and such other service schedules as may be added to this Agreement by the Parties (collectively, the Service Schedules ). DST shall be under no duty or obligation to perform any service except as specifically listed in the Service Schedules, or take any other action except as specifically listed in a Service Schedules to this Agreement, or this Agreement, and no other duties or obligations, including, valuation related, fiduciary or analogous duties or obligations, shall be implied. Any Fund requests to change the Services, including those necessitated by a change to the Governing Documents of the Fund a change in applicable Law, will only be binding on DST when they are reflected in an amendment to the Service Schedules. For clarification, this will include costs related changes to the software, systems or processes used by DST to provide the Services necessitated by change in applicable Law provided in such case the Fund will only be responsible for its pro-rata share of such cost. 
 2 

2.2. In carrying out its duties and obligations pursuant to this Agreement, some or all Services may be delegated by DST to one or more of its Affiliates or other Persons (and any Fund consent to such delegation, if any, shall not be unreasonably revoked or withheld in respect of any such delegations), provided that such Persons are selected in good faith and with reasonable care and are monitored by DST, and are otherwise appropriately qualified, licensed and or registered to provide the Services delegated, as applicable. If DST delegates any Services, (i) such delegation shall not relieve DST of its duties and obligations hereunder, (ii) such delegation shall be subject to a written agreement obliging the delegate to comply with the relevant delegated duties and obligations of DST, and (iii) if required by applicable Law, DST will identify such agents and the Services delegated and will update the Fund when making any material changes in sufficient detail to enable the Fund to object to a particular arrangement. 
 2.3. The Fund agrees to pay, the fees, charges and expenses as set out in the fee schedule agreed upon by the parties in a separate letter (the Fee Letter ), which may be amended by the Parties from time to time, within thirty (30) days following the receipt of DST s invoice. The Fee Letter is incorporated by reference into this Agreement and subject to the terms of this Agreement. If an invoice is not paid when due, with respect to any amounts not disputed by the Fund in good faith, the Fund shall pay DST interest thereon (from the due date to the date of payment) at rate equal to one and one-half percent (1.5 per month while such amount remained unpaid. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, such interest rate shall be no greater than permitted under applicable state law. With regard to any amounts disputed in good faith by the Fund, the Parties will mutually reconcile and resolve any such purported discrepancies as soon as possible and, upon resolution of such dispute, the Fund shall pay DST any remaining amounts owed, if applicable. After the first year of the Initial Term, the total fee for all services for each succeeding year shall be subject to an annual cost of living increase on the anniversary of the Agreement in an amount not less than the annual percentage of change in the Consumer Price Index for all Urban Consumers (CPI-U) in the Midwest Statistical Area, All Items, Base 1982-1984 100, as last reported by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, or, in the event that publication of such Index is terminated, any successor or substitute index, appropriately adjusted, acceptable to both parties. 
 2.4. Charges attendant to the development of reasonable changes to the TA2000 System requested by the Fund Client Requested Software shall be at DST s standard rates and fees in effect at the time. If the cost to DST of operating the TA2000 System is increased by the addition of Client Requested Software, DST shall be entitled to increase its fees by an amount to be mutually agreed upon. 
 3. Fund Responsibilities 
 3.1. The management and control of the Fund are vested exclusively in the Fund s governing body (e.g., the board of directors for a company) and its officers, subject to the terms and provisions of the Fund s Governing Documents. The Fund s governing body will make all decisions, perform all management functions relating to the operation of the Fund and the Fund s governing body or its duly appointed officers shall authorize all Transactions. Without limiting the foregoing, the Fund shall 
 (a) Designate properly qualified individuals to oversee the Services and establish and maintain internal controls, including monitoring the ongoing activities of the Fund. 
 (b) Evaluate the accuracy, and accept responsibility for the results, of the Services, review and approve all reports, analyses and records resulting from the Services and inform DST of any errors that it is in a position to identify. 
 (c) Provide DST with timely and accurate information reasonably requested by DST in order to perform the Services and its duties and obligations hereunder. 
 3.2. The Fund is solely and exclusively responsible for ensuring that it complies with Law and its respective Governing Documents. It is the Fund s responsibility to provide all final Fund Governing Documents as of the Effective Date. The Fund will notify DST in writing of any changes to the Fund Governing Documents that may materially impact the Services prior to such changes taking effect. DST is not responsible for monitoring compliance by the Fund with (i) Law, or (ii) its respective Governing Documents. 
 3.3. In the event that Market Data is supplied to or through DST Associates in connection with the Services, the Market Data is proprietary to Data Suppliers and is provided on a limited internal-use license basis. Market Data may (i) only be used by the Fund in connection with the Services and (ii) not be disseminated by the Fund or used to populate internal systems in lieu of obtaining a data license. Access to and delivery of Market Data is 
 3 

dependent on the Data Suppliers and may be interrupted or discontinued with or without notice. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither DST nor any Data Supplier shall be liable to the Fund or any other Person for any Losses with respect to Market Data, reliance by DST Associates or the Fund on Market Data or the provision of Market Data in connection with this Agreement. 
 3.4. The Fund shall deliver, and procure that its agents, counsel, advisors, auditors, and any other Persons promptly deliver to DST all Fund Data. The Fund shall arrange with each such Person to deliver such information and materials on a timely basis, and DST will not be required to enter any agreements with that Person in order for DST to provide the Services. 
 3.5. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, so long as they act in good faith DST Associates shall be entitled to rely on the authenticity, completeness and accuracy of any and all information and communications of whatever nature received by DST Associates from the Fund, its employees, Affiliates or agents in connection with the performance of the Services and DST s duties and obligations hereunder, without further enquiry or liability. 
 4. Term 
 4.1. The initial term of this Agreement will be from the Effective Date through December 31, 2025 Initial Term ). Thereafter, this Agreement will automatically renew for successive terms of 2 years each unless either DST or the Fund provides the other with a written notice of termination at least 180 calendar days prior to the commencement of any successive term (such periods, in the aggregate, the Term ). For clarification, the foregoing 180 day notice of termination shall not constitute a material breach. 
 5. Termination 
 5.1. DST or the Fund also may, by written notice to the other, terminate this Agreement if any of the following events occur 
 (a) The other Party breaches any material term, condition or provision of this Agreement, which breach, if capable of being cured, is not cured within 90 calendar days after the non-breaching Party gives the other Party written notice of such breach. 
 (b) The other Party (i) terminates or suspends its business, (ii) becomes insolvent, admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they mature, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or becomes subject to direct control of a trustee, receiver or analogous authority, (iii) becomes subject to any bankruptcy, insolvency or analogous proceeding, (iv) where the other Party is the Fund if it becomes subject to a material Action or an Action that DST reasonably determines could cause DST reputational harm, or (v) where the other Party is the Fund, material changes in the Fund s Governing Documents or the assumptions set forth in the Fee Letter are determined by DST, in its reasonable discretion, to materially affect the Services or to be materially adverse to DST. 
 If any such event occurs, the termination will become effective immediately or on the date stated in the written notice of termination, which date shall not be greater than 90 calendar days after the event. 
 5.2. Upon receipt of a termination notice from the Fund, subject to the receipt by DST of all then-due fees, charges and expenses, DST shall continue to provide the Services up to the effective date of the termination notice thereafter, DST shall have no obligation to perform any services of any type unless and to the extent set forth in an amendment to this Agreement executed by both Parties. In the event of the termination of this Agreement, DST shall provide reasonable exit assistance to the Fund in converting the Fund s records from DST s systems to whatever services or systems are designated by the Fund (the Deconversion provided that all fees, charges and expenses have been paid, including any fees required under Section 5.3 for the balance of the unexpired portion of the Term. The Deconversion is subject to the recompense of DST for such assistance at its standard rates and fees in effect at the time and to a reasonable time frame for performance as agreed to by the parties. As used herein reasonable exit assistance shall not include requiring DST (i) to assist any new service or system provider to modify, to alter, to enhance, or to improve such provider s system, or to provide any new functionality to such provider s system, (ii) to disclose any protected information of DST, including the proprietary information of DST or its affiliates, or (iii) to develop Deconversion software, to modify any of DST s software, or to otherwise alter the format of the data as maintained on any provider s systems. 
 4 

5.3. If the Fund or Management elects to terminate this Agreement prior to the end of the Term, the Fund agrees to pay an amount equal to the average monthly fee paid by the Fund to DST under the Agreement multiplies by the number of months remaining in the term. Prior to the public launch of the Fund, should the Fund decide to terminate this Agreement because it terminates or suspends its offering, the Funds shall pay to DST the implementation fee and any fees for each month DST supported the merged product. If termination occurs after the public launch, then the first sentence of this Section 5.3 shall apply. 
 5.4. To the extent any services are performed by DST for the Fund after the termination of this Agreement, all of the provisions of this Agreement except portions that are inapplicable to such continuing services shall survive the termination of this Agreement for so long as those services are performed. 
 5.5. In the event that the Fund wishes to retain DST to perform additional transition or related post-termination services, including providing additional data and reports, the Fund and DST shall agree in writing to the additional services and related fees and expenses in an amendment to this Agreement. To the extent any services are performed by DST for the Fund after the termination of this Agreement, all of the provisions of this Agreement except portions that are inapplicable to such continuing services shall survive the termination of this Agreement for so long as those services are performed. Termination of this Agreement shall not affect (i) any liabilities or obligations of any Party arising before such termination (including payment of fees and expenses) or (ii) any damages or other remedies to which a Party may be entitled for breach of this Agreement or otherwise. Sections 2.3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 6. Standard of Care, Limitation of Liability and Indemnification 
 6.1. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary DST Associates shall not be liable to the Fund for any action or inaction of any DST Associate except to the extent of direct Losses finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud of DST or DST Associates in the performance of DST s duties or obligations under this Agreement. Under no circumstances shall DST Associates be liable to the Fund for Losses that are indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary or enhanced or that represent lost profits, opportunity costs or diminution of value. Each Fund shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless DST Associates from and against Losses (including documented legal fees and costs to enforce this provision) that DST Associates suffer, incur, or pay as a result of any Third Party Claim or Claim among the Parties except to the extent of Losses determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud of DST Associates in the performance of DST s duties or obligations under this Agreement. Any expenses (including documented legal fees and costs) incurred by DST Associates in defending or responding to any Claims (or in enforcing this provision) shall be paid by the Funds on a quarterly basis prior to the final disposition of such matter upon receipt by the Fund of an undertaking by DST to repay such amount if it shall be determined that a DST Associate is not entitled to be indemnified. The maximum aggregate amount of cumulative liability of DST Associates to the Fund for Losses arising out of the subject matter of, or in any way related to, this Agreement during the Term hereof, shall not exceed the fees (but excluding any expenses) paid by the Fund to DST under this Agreement for the most recent 12 months immediately preceding the date of the event giving rise to the Claim. 
 7. Representations and Warranties 
 7.1. Each Party represents and warrants to each other Party that 
 (a) It is a legal entity duly created, validly existing and in good standing under the Law of the jurisdiction in which it is created, and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction where the failure to be in good standing would have a material adverse effect on its business or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 (b) Subject to Section 3.3 with respect to licenses from a Data Supplier, which may be terminated at any time, it has all necessary legal power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and to carry on its business as presently conducted and as it will be conducted pursuant to this Agreement and will comply in all material respects with all Law to which it may be subject, and to the best of its knowledge and belief, it is not subject to any Action that would prevent it from performing its duties and obligations under this Agreement. 
 (c) It has all necessary legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement, the execution of which has been duly authorized and will not violate the terms of any other agreement. 
 5 

(d) The Person signing on its behalf has the authority to contractually bind it to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and that this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of it, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms. 
 7.2. DST represents to the Fund that it shall provide the Services in accordance with Laws applicable to DST, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder as applicable to DST s role as transfer agent to the Fund. 
 8. Fund Data 
 8.1. The Fund (i) will provide or ensure that other Persons provide all Fund Data to DST in an electronic format that is reasonably acceptable to DST (or as otherwise agreed in writing) and (ii) confirm that each has the right to so share such Fund Data. As between DST and the Fund, all Fund Data shall remain the property of the Fund. Fund Data shall not be used or disclosed by DST other than in connection with providing the Services and as permitted under Section 11 . DST shall be permitted to act upon instructions from an authorized officer of the Fund with respect to the disclosure or disposition of Fund Data, but may refuse to act upon such instructions where it doubts, in good faith, the authenticity or authority of such instructions. 
 8.2. DST shall maintain and store material Fund Data used in the official books and records of the Fund for a rolling period of 7 years starting from the Effective Date, or such longer period as required by applicable Law or its internal policies or until such earlier time as it returns such records to the Fund or the Fund s designee. 
 9. Data Protection 
 9.1. From time to time and in connection with the Services DST may obtain access to certain personal information from the Fund. Personal information relating to the Fund its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, current and prospective Fund shareholders, plan sponsors and plan participants may be processed by DST and its Affiliates. The Fund consents to the transmission and processing of such information within and outside the United States in accordance with applicable Law. 
 9.2. DST will notify the Fund without undue delay after becoming aware of a confirmed breach, and in no event more than two (2) business days after confirming a breach, of Confidential Information and provide reasonable assistance to the Fund in its notification of that breach to the relevant supervisory authority and those individual impacted, as required by applicable Law. DST will not disclose or use Confidential Information obtained from or on behalf of the Fund except in accordance with the lawful instructions of the Fund to carry out DST s obligations under, or as otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of, its agreements with the Fund and to comply with applicable Law. 
 9.3. The Fund acknowledges that DST intends to develop and offer analytics-based products and services for its customers. In providing such products and services, DST will be using consolidated data across all clients, including data of the Fund, and make such consolidated data available to clients of the analytics products and services. The Fund hereby consents to the use by DST of Fund Confidential Information (including shareholder information) in the offering of such products and services, and to disclose the results of such analytics services to its customers and other third parties, provided the Fund information will be aggregated, anonymized and sometimes enriched with external data sources. DST will not disclose client investor names or other personal identifying information, or information specific to or identifying the Fund or any information in a form or manner which could reasonably be utilized to readily determine the identity of the Fund or its investors. 
 
 10. DST Property 
 10.1 DST Property is and shall remain the property of DST or, when applicable, its Affiliates or suppliers. Neither the Fund nor any other Person shall acquire any license or right to use, sell, disclose, or otherwise exploit or benefit in any manner from, any DST Property, except as specifically set forth herein. The Fund shall not (unless required by Law) either before or after the termination of this Agreement, disclose to any Person not authorized by DST to receive the same, any information concerning the DST Property and shall use reasonable efforts to prevent any such disclosure. 
 6 

11. Confidentiality 
 11.1 Each Party shall not at any time disclose to any Person any Confidential Information concerning the business, affairs, customers, clients or suppliers of the other Party or its Affiliates, except as permitted by this Section 11. 
 11.2 Each Party may disclose the other Party s Confidential Information 
 (a) In the case of the Fund, to each of its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents Fund Representative who need to know such information for the purpose of carrying out its duties under, or receiving the benefits of or enforcing, this Agreement. The Fund shall ensure compliance by Fund Representatives with Section 11.1. 
 (b) In the case of DST, to Fund and each DST Associate who needs to know such information for the purpose of carrying out DST s duties under or enforcing this Agreement. DST shall ensure compliance by DST Associates, and any Affiliate or Person to whom DST delegates or has delegated its responsibilities and any Services pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement, with Section 11.1 but shall not be responsible for such compliance by any other Person. 
 (c) As may be required by Law or pursuant to legal process provided that the disclosing Party (i) where reasonably practicable and to the extent legally permissible, provides the other Party with prompt written notice of the required disclosure so that the other Party may seek a protective order or take other analogous action, (ii) discloses no more of the other Party s Confidential Information than reasonably necessary and (iii) reasonably cooperates with actions of the other Party in seeking to protect its Confidential Information at that other Party s expense. 
 11.3 Neither Party shall use the other Party s Confidential Information for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Each Party may retain a record of the other Party s Confidential Information for the longer of (i) 7 years or (ii) as required by Law or its internal policies. 
 11.4 In accordance with Section 11.2(c), DST s ultimate parent company is subject to U.S. federal and state securities Law and may make disclosures as it deems necessary to comply with such Law. DST shall have no obligation to use Confidential Information of, or data obtained with respect to, any other client of DST in connection with the Services. In accordance with Section 11.2(c), the Fund and its investment adviser are subject to U.S. federal and state securities Law and may make disclosures as either deems necessary to comply with such Law. 
 11.5 Upon the prior written consent of Authorized Personnel of the Fund, DST shall have the right to identify Fund in connection with its marketing-related activities and in its marketing materials as a client of DST. Upon the prior written consent of DST, Fund shall have the right to identify DST and to describe the Services and the material terms of this Agreement in the offering documents of Fund and regulatory filings of the Fund and may file a copy of this Agreement with the SEC to the extent required by applicable law. This Agreement shall not prohibit DST from using any Fund data (including Client Data) in tracking and reporting on DST s clients generally or making public statements about such subjects as its business or industry provided that the Fund is not named in such public statements without its prior written consent. If the Services include the distribution by DST of notices or statements to investors, DST may, upon advance notice to Fund, include reasonable notices describing those terms of this Agreement relating to DST and its liability and the limitations thereon if investor notices are not sent by DST but rather by Fund or some other Person, Fund will reasonably cooperate with any request by DST to include such notices. The Fund shall not, in any communications with any Person, whether oral or written, make any representations stating or implying that DST is (i) providing valuations with respect to the securities, products or services of Fund, or verifying any valuations, (ii) verifying the existence of any assets in connection with the investments, products or services of Fund, or (iii) acting as a fiduciary, investment advisor, tax preparer or advisor, custodian or bailee with respect to Fund or any of their respective assets, investors or customers. 
 11.6 In the event the Fund obtains information from DST or the TA2000 System which is not intended for the Fund, the Fund agrees to (i) promptly, and in no case more than twenty-four (24) hours after discovery thereof, notify DST that unauthorized information has been made available to the Fund (ii) not knowingly review, disclose, release, or in any way, use such unauthorized information (iii) provide DST reasonable assistance in retrieving such unauthorized information and or destroy such unauthorized information and (iv) deliver to DST a 
 7 

certificate executed by an authorized officer of the Fund certifying that all such unauthorized information in the Fund s possession or control has been delivered to DST or destroyed as required by this provision. 
 12. Notices 
 12.1 Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices required or permitted under this Agreement or required by Law shall be effective only if in writing and delivered (i) personally, (ii) by registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, (iii) by receipted prepaid courier, (iv) by any confirmed facsimile or (v) by any electronic mail, to the relevant address or number listed below (or to such other address or number as a Party shall hereafter provide by notice to the other Parties). Notices shall be deemed effective when received by the Party to whom notice is required to be given. 
 If to DST 
 DST Systems, Inc. 
 1055 Broadway, 7 th Floor 
 Kansas City, MO 64105 
 Attention Legal Department 
 
 If to the Fund 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund 
 245 Park Avenue, 26 th Floor 
 New York, NY 10167 
 Attention 
 
 13. Miscellaneous 
 13.1 Amendment Modification . This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by an authorized representative of each Party. No DST Associate has authority to bind DST in any way to any oral covenant, promise, representation or warranty concerning this Agreement, the Services or otherwise. 
 13.2 Assignment . Neither this Agreement nor any rights under this Agreement may be assigned or otherwise transferred by the Fund, in whole or in part, whether directly or by operation of Law, without the prior written consent of DST. DST may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement, with prior written notice to the Fund (i) to a successor in the event of a change in control of DST, (ii) to an Affiliate or (iii) in connection with an assignment or other transfer of a material part of DST s business. Any attempted delegation, transfer or assignment prohibited by this Agreement shall be null and void. 
 13.3 Choice of Law Choice of Forum . This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with and governed by the Law of the State of New York. The courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Claim. Each Party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waives to the fullest extent permitted by Law all rights to a trial by jury. 
 13.4 Counterparts Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed will be deemed to be an original. Such counterparts together will constitute one agreement. Signatures may be exchanged via facsimile or electronic mail and shall be binding to the same extent as if original signatures were exchanged. 
 13.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including any schedules, attachments, amendments and addenda hereto) contains the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous communications, representations, understandings and agreements, either oral or written, between the Parties with respect thereto. This Agreement sets out the entire liability of DST and DST Associates related to the Services and the subject matter of this Agreement, and no DST Associate shall have any liability to the Fund or any other Person for, and the Fund hereby waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law recourse under, tort, misrepresentation or any other legal theory. 
 8 

13.6 Force Majeure . DST will not be responsible for any Losses of property in DST Associates possession or for any failure to fulfill its duties or obligations hereunder if such Loss or failure is caused, directly or indirectly, by war, terrorist or analogous action, the act of any Government Authority or other authority, riot, civil commotion, rebellion, storm, accident, fire, lockout, strike, power failure, computer error or failure, delay or breakdown in communications or electronic transmission systems, or other analogous events beyond DST s reasonable control. DST shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the effects on the Services of any such event and shall maintain commercially reasonable business continuity and disaster recovery plans. DST shall test such business continuity and disaster recovery plans no less frequently than annually, and, upon request, the Fund may attend such test. Upon request, DST shall provide the Fund with a letter confirming the completion of the most recent business continuity test and provide with a summary of the results of such tests. 
 13.7 Non-Exclusivity . The duties and obligations of DST hereunder shall not preclude DST from providing services of a comparable or different nature to any other Person and to receive economic or other benefits in connection therewith. The Fund understands that DST may have commercial relationships with Data Suppliers and other providers of technology, data or other services that are used by the Fund. 
 13.8 No Partnership . Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall be deemed to, constitute a partnership or joint venture of any kind between or among any of the Parties. 
 13.9 No Solicitation . During the term of this Agreement and for a period of 12 months thereafter, the Fund will not directly or indirectly solicit the services of, or otherwise attempt to employ or engage any employee of DST or its Affiliates without the consent of DST provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prevent the Fund from soliciting employees through general advertising not targeted specifically at any or all DST Associates. If the Fund employs or engages any DST Associate during the term of this Agreement or the period of 12 months thereafter in contravention of this Section 13.9, the Fund agrees to pay for any fees and expenses (including recruiters fees) incurred by DST or its Affiliates in hiring replacement personnel as well as any other remedies available to DST. 
 13.10 No Warranties . Except as expressly listed herein, DST makes no warranties, whether express, implied, contractual or statutory with respect to the Services. DST disclaims all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Services. All warranties, conditions and other terms implied by Law are, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, excluded from this Agreement. 
 13.11 Severance . If any provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the provision shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not practical, the relevant provision shall be deemed deleted. Any such modification or deletion of a provision shall not affect the validity, legality and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement. If a Party gives notice to another Party of the possibility that any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate to amend such provision so that, as amended, it is valid, legal and enforceable and achieves the intended commercial result of the original provision. 
 13.12 Testimony . If DST is required by a third party subpoena or otherwise, to produce documents, testify or provide other evidence regarding the Services, this Agreement or the operations of the Fund in any Action to which the Fund is a party or otherwise related to the Fund, the Fund shall reimburse DST for all costs and expenses directly related to the Fund, including the time of its professional staff at DST s standard rates and the cost of outside legal representation, that DST reasonably incurs in connection therewith. 
 13.13 Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is entered into for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Parties and will not be interpreted in such a manner as to give rise to or create any rights or benefits of or for any other Person except as set forth with respect to DST Associates. 
 13.14 Waiver . No failure or delay by a Party to exercise any right or remedy provided under this Agreement or by Law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No exercise (or partial exercise) of such right or remedy shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 
 9 

13.15 Insurance . DST shall maintain insurance coverage including, without limitation, errors and omissions, fidelity bond or equivalent crime insurance coverage at levels that are determined by DST s management that are reasonable and appropriate for DST s service offerings. Upon request of the Fund, DST shall provide evidence that such coverage is in place. To the extent that DST s policies of insurance may provide for coverage of claims for liability or indemnity by DST, no provision of this Agreement shall be construed to relieve an insurer of any obligation to pay claims to DST, which would otherwise be a covered claim in the absence of any provision of this Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed in their names and on their behalf by and through their duly authorized officers, as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 DST SYSTEMS, INC. AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 By 
 s Kenneth Fullerton 
 By 
 s Terrence Walters 
 Name 
 Kenneth Fullerton 
 Name 
 Terrence Walters 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 
 Title 
 CFO 
 
 10 

SCHEDULE A 
 
 TRANSFER AGENCY SERVICES 
 A. General 
 1. As used in this Schedule A , the following additional terms have the following meanings 
 (i) ACH shall mean the Automated Clearing House 
 (ii) Bank shall mean a nationally or regionally known banking institution 
 (iii) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
 (iv) DTCC shall mean the Depository Trust Clearing Corporation 
 (v) IRA shall mean Individual Retirement Account 
 (vi) Procedures shall collectively mean DST s transfer agency procedures manual, third party check procedures, checkwriting draft procedures, Compliance + and identity theft programs and signature guarantee procedures 
 (vii) Program shall mean Networking, Fund Serv or other DTCC program and 
 (viii) TA2000 System shall mean DST s TA2000 TM computerized data processing system for shareholder accounting. 
 2. Any references to Law shall be construed to mean the Law as amended to the date of the effectiveness of the applicable provision referencing the Law. 
 3. The Fund acknowledges that DST s ability to perform the Services is subject to the following dependencies 
 (i) The Fund and other Persons that are not employees or agents of DST, whose cooperation is reasonably required for DST to provide the Services, providing cooperation, information and, as applicable, instructions to DST promptly, in agreed formats, by agreed media and within agreed timeframes as required to provide the Services. 
 (ii) The communications systems operated by the Fund and other Persons that are not employees or agents of DST remaining fully operational. 
 (iii) The accuracy and completeness of any the Fund Data or other information provided to DST in connection with the Services by any Person. 
 (iv) Any warranty, representation, covenant or undertaking expressly made by the Fund under or in connection with this Agreement being and remaining true, correct and discharged at all relevant times. 
 4. The following Services will be performed by DST and, as applicable, are contingent on the performance by the Fund of the duties and obligations listed. 
 
 B. SERVICES 
 1. Scope of Agency Services DST Obligations . 
 A. DST utilizing the TA2000 System will perform the following services 
 (i) issuing, transferring and redeeming book entry shares or cancelling share certificates as applicable 
 (ii) maintaining shareholder accounts on the records of the Fund on the TA2000 System in accordance with the instructions and information received by DST from the Fund, the Fund's distributor, manager or managing dealer, the Fund's investment adviser, the Fund s sponsor, the Fund s custodian, or the Fund s administrator and any other person whom the Fund names on Schedule C (each an Authorized Person ), broker-dealers or shareholders 
 (iii) when and if a Fund participates in the DTCC, and to the extent DST supports the functionality of the applicable DTCC program 
 (a) DST will accept and effectuate the registration and maintenance of accounts through the Program and the purchase, redemption, exchange and transfer of shares in such accounts through systems or 
 1 

applications offered via the Program in accordance with instructions transmitted to and received by DST by transmission from DTCC on behalf of broker-dealers and banks which have been established by, or in accordance with the instructions of, an Authorized Person, on the Dealer File maintained by DST, 
 (b) issuing instructions to the Funds banks for the settlement of transactions between the Funds and DTCC (acting on behalf of its broker-dealer and bank participants), 
 (c) providing account and transaction information from each affected Fund s records on TA2000 in accordance with the applicable Program s rules, and 
 (d) maintaining shareholder accounts on TA2000 through the Programs 
 (iv) providing transaction journals 
 (v) once annually preparing shareholder meeting lists for use in connection with the annual meeting 
 (vi) withholding, as required by federal law, taxes on shareholder accounts, performing and paying backup withholding as required for all shareholders, and preparing, filing and providing, in electronic format, the applicable U.S. Treasury Department information returns or K-1 data file, as applicable, to Fund s vendor of choice 
 (vii) disbursing income dividends and capital gains distributions to shareholders and recording reinvestment of dividends and distributions in shares of the Fund 
 (viii) preparing and providing, in electronic format, to Fund s print vendor of choice 
 (a) confirmation forms for shareholders for all purchases and liquidations of shares of the Fund and other confirmable transactions in shareholders' accounts, 
 (b) copies of shareholder statements, and 
 (c) shareholder reports and prospectuses provided by the Fund 
 (ix) providing or making available on-line daily and monthly reports as provided by the TA2000 System and as requested by the Fund or its management company 
 (x) maintaining those records necessary to carry out DST's duties hereunder, including all information reasonably required by the Fund to account for all transactions on TA2000 in the Fund shares 
 (xi) calculating the appropriate sales charge, if applicable and supported by TA2000, with respect to each purchase of the Fund shares as instructed by an Authorized Person, determining the portion of each sales charge payable to the dealer participating in a sale in accordance with schedules and instructions delivered to DST by the Fund's managing dealer or distributor or any other Authorized Person from time to time, disbursing dealer commissions collected to such dealers, determining the portion of each sales charge payable to such managing dealer and disbursing such commissions to the managing dealer 
 (xii) receiving correspondence pertaining to any former, existing or new shareholder account, processing such correspondence for proper recordkeeping, and responding to shareholder correspondence 
 (xiii) arranging the mailing to dealers of confirmations of wire order trades 
 (xiv) processing, generally on the date of receipt, purchases, redemptions, exchanges, or instructions, as applicable, to settle any mail or wire order purchases, redemptions or exchanges received in proper order as set forth in the prospectus and general exchange privilege applicable, and rejecting any requests not received in proper order (as defined by an Authorized Person or the Procedures as hereinafter defined) 
 (xv) if a Fund is a registered product, providing to the person designated by an Authorized Person the daily Blue Sky reports generated by the Blue Sky module of TA2000 with respect to purchases of shares of the Funds on TA2000. For clarification, with respect to obligations, the Fund is responsible for any registration or filing with a federal or state government body or obtaining approval from such body required for the sale of shares of the Fund in each jurisdiction in which it is sold. DST s sole obligation is to provide the Fund access to the Blue Sky module of TA2000 with respect to purchases of shares of the Fund on TA2000. It is the Fund s responsibility to validate that the Blue Sky module settings are accurate and complete and to validate the output produced thereby and other applicable reports provided by DST, to ensure accuracy. DST is not responsible in any way for claims that the sale of shares of the Fund violated any such requirement (unless such violation results from a failure of the DST Blue Sky module to notify the Fund that such sales do not comply with the parameters set by the Fund for sales to residents of a given state) 
 2 

(xvi) providing to the Fund escheatment reports as requested by an Authorized Person with respect to the status of accounts and outstanding checks on TA2000 
 (xvii) as mutually agreed upon by the parties as to the service scope and fees, answer telephone inquiries during mutually agreed upon times, each day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. DST shall answer and respond to inquiries from existing shareholders, prospective shareholders of the Fund and broker-dealers on behalf of such shareholders in accordance with the telephone scripts provided by the Fund to DST, such inquiries may include requests for information on account set-up and maintenance, general questions regarding the operation of the Fund, general account information including dates of purchases, redemptions, exchanges and account balances, requests for account access instructions and literature requests 
 (xviii) (where applicable) supporting Fund tender offers, including but not limited to assistance with shareholder communication plan coordination of tender offer materials establishment of informational website receipt, review and reconciliation of letters of transmittal daily tracking, reconciliation and reporting of shares tendered and issuing tax forms. 
 
 (xix) in order to assist the Fund with the Fund s anti-money laundering responsibilities under applicable anti-money laundering laws, DST offers certain risk-based shareholder activity monitoring tools and procedures that are reasonably designed to (i) promote the detection and reporting of potential money laundering activities and (ii) assist in the verification of persons opening accounts with the Fund. If the Fund elects to have DST implement the anti-money laundering procedures and delegate the day-to-day operation of such anti-money laundering procedures to DST, the parties will agree to upon the applicable fees and the service scope and execute the attached appendix Appendix 1 entitled AML Delegation which may be changed from time to time subject to mutual written agreement between the parties 
 
 (xx) as mutually agreed upon by the parties as to the service scope and fees, DST shall carry out certain information requests, analyses and reporting services in support of the Fund s obligations under Rule 22c-2(a)(2). The parties will agree to such services and terms as stated in the attached appendix Appendix 2 entitled Omnibus Transparency Services that may be changed from time to time subject to mutual written agreement between the parties 
 
 (xxi) as mutually agreed upon by the parties as to the service scope and fees, provide any additional related services (i.e., pertaining to escheatments, abandoned property, garnishment orders, bankruptcy and divorce proceedings, Internal Revenue Service or state tax authority tax levies and summonses and all matters relating to the foregoing) and 
 
 (xxii) upon request of the Fund and mutual agreement between the parties as to the scope and any applicable fees, DST may provide additional services to the Fund under the terms of this Schedule and the Agreement. Such services and fees shall be set forth in a writing and may be added by an amendment to, or as a statement of work under, this Schedule or the Agreement. 
 B. At the request of an Authorized Person, DST shall use reasonable efforts to provide the services set forth in Section 1.A of this Schedule A in connection with transactions (i) the processing of which transactions require DST to use methods and procedures other than those usually employed by DST to perform shareholder servicing agent services, (ii) involving the provision of information to DST after the commencement of the nightly processing cycle of the TA2000 System or (iii) which require more manual intervention by DST, either in the entry of data or in the modification or amendment of reports generated by the TA2000 System than is usually required by normal transactions. 
 C. DST shall use reasonable efforts to provide the same services with respect to any new, additional functions or features or any changes or improvements to existing functions or features as provided for in the Fund's instructions, prospectus or application as amended from time to time, for the Fund provided DST is advised in advance by the Fund of any changes therein and the TA2000 System and the mode of operations utilized by DST as then constituted supports such additional functions and features. If any new, additional function or feature or change or improvement to existing functions or features or new service or mode of operation measurably increases DST's cost of performing the services required hereunder at the current level of service, DST shall advise the Fund of the amount of such increase and if the Fund elects to utilize such function, feature or service, DST shall be entitled to increase its fees by the amount of the increase in costs. 
 D. The Fund acknowledges that DST is currently using, and will continue to use, domestic or foreign DST affiliates to assist with software development and support projects for DST and or for the Fund. As part of such support, the Fund acknowledges that such affiliates may access the Fund Confidential Information 
 3 

including, but not limited to, personally identifiable shareholder information (shareholder name, address, social security number, account number, etc.). 
 E. The Fund shall add all new funds to the TA2000 System upon at least 60 days prior written notice to DST provided that the requirements of the new funds are generally consistent with services then being provided by DST under the Agreement. If less than 60 days prior notice is provided by the Fund, additional rush fees may be applied by DST. Rates or charges for additional funds shall be as set forth in the Fee Letter for the remainder of the contract term except as such funds use functions, features or characteristics for which DST has imposed an additional charge as part of its standard pricing schedule. In the latter event, rates and charges shall be in accordance with DST's then-standard pricing schedule. 
 F. The parties agree that to the extent that DST provides any services under the Agreement that relate to compliance by the Fund with the Code (or any other applicable tax law), it is the parties mutual intent that DST will provide only printing, reproducing, and other mechanical assistance to the Fund and that DST will not make any judgments or exercise any discretion of any kind. The Fund agrees that it will provide express and comprehensive instructions to DST in connection with all of the services that are to be provided by DST under the Agreement that relate to compliance by the Fund with the Code (or any other applicable tax law), including providing responses to requests for direction that may be made from time to time by DST of the Fund in this regard. 
 G. The Fund instructs and authorizes DST to provide the services as set forth in the Agreement in connection with transactions on behalf of certain IRAs featuring the funds made available by the Fund. The Fund acknowledges and agrees that as part of such services, DST will act as service provider to the custodian for such IRAs. 
 H. If applicable, DST will make original issues of shares, or if shares are certificated, stock certificates upon written request of an officer of the Fund and upon being furnished with a certified copy of a resolution of the Board of Directors authorizing such original issue, evidence regarding the value of the shares, and necessary funds for the payment of any original issue tax. 
 I. Upon receipt of a Fund s written request, DST shall provide transmissions of shareholder activity to the print vendor selected by the Fund. 
 J. If applicable, the Fund will furnish DST with a sufficient supply of blank stock certificates and from time to time will renew such supply upon the request of DST. Such certificates will be signed manually or by facsimile signatures of the officers of the Fund authorized by law and by bylaws to sign stock certificates, and if required, will bear the corporate seal or facsimile thereof. In the event that certificates for shares of the Fund shall be represented to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, DST, upon being furnished with an indemnity bond in such form and amount and with such surety as shall be reasonably satisfactory to it, is authorized to countersign a new certificate or certificates for the number of shares of the Fund represented by the lost or stolen certificate. In the event that certificates of the Fund shall be represented to have been lost, stolen, missing, counterfeited or recovered, DST shall file Form X-17F-1A as required by applicable federal securities laws. 
 K. Shares of stock will be transferred in accordance with the instructions of the shareholders and, upon receipt of the Fund s instructions that shares of stock be redeemed and funds remitted therefor, such redemptions will be accomplished and payments dispatched provided the shareholder instructions are deemed by DST to be duly authorized. DST reserves the right to refuse to transfer, exchange, sell or redeem shares as applicable, until it is satisfied that the request is authorized, or instructed by the Fund. 
 L. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to as of adjustments, DST will not assume one hundred percent (100 responsibility for losses resulting from as ofs due to clerical errors or misinterpretations of securityholder instructions, but DST will discuss with the Fund DST's accepting liability for an as of on a case-by-case basis and may accept financial responsibility for a particular situation resulting in a financial loss to the Fund where such loss is material , as hereinafter defined, and, under the particular facts at issue, DST and the Fund, in their reasonable discretion, agree that DST s conduct was culpable and DST s conduct is the primary cause of the loss. A loss is material for purposes of this Section when it results in a pricing error on a given day which is (i) greater than a negligible amount per securityholder, (ii) equals or exceeds one .01) full cent per share times the number of shares outstanding or (iii) equals or exceeds the product of one-half of one percent (1 times Fund s Net Asset Value per share times the number of shares outstanding (or, in case of (ii) or (iii), such other amounts as may be adopted by applicable accounting or regulatory authorities from time to time). When DST and the Fund reasonably conclude that DST should contribute all or a portion of the settlement of a loss, DST s responsibility will commence with that portion of the loss over 0.01 per share calculated on the basis of the total value of all shares owned by the 
 4 

affected portfolio (i.e., on the basis of the value of the shares of the total portfolio, including all classes of that portfolio, not just those of the affected class).. 
 M. Changes and Modifications . 
 (i) DST shall have the right, at any time, to modify any systems, programs, procedures or facilities used in performing its obligations hereunder provided that the Fund will be notified as promptly as possible prior to implementation of such modifications and that no such modification or deletion shall materially adversely change or affect the operations and procedures of the Fund in using the TA2000 System hereunder, the Services or the quality thereof, or the reports to be generated by such system and facilities hereunder, unless the Fund is given thirty (30) days prior notice to allow the Fund to change its procedures and DST provides the Fund with revised operating procedures and controls. 
 (ii) All enhancements, improvements, changes, modifications or new features added to the TA2000 System however developed or paid for, including, without limitation, Client Requested Software (collectively, Deliverables ), shall be, and shall remain, the confidential and exclusive property of, and proprietary to, DST. The parties recognize that during the Term of this Agreement the Fund will disclose to DST Confidential Information and DST may partly rely on such Confidential Information to design, structure or develop one or more Deliverables. Provided that, as developed, such Deliverable(s) contain no Confidential Information that identifies the Fund or any of its investors or which could reasonably be expected to be used to readily determine such identity, (i) the Fund hereby consents to DST s use of such Confidential Information to design, to structure or to determine the scope of such Deliverable(s) or to incorporate into such Deliverable(s) and that any such Deliverable(s), regardless of who paid for it, shall be, and shall remain, the sole and exclusive property of DST and (ii) the Fund hereby grants DST a perpetual, nonexclusive license to incorporate and retain in such Deliverable(s) Confidential Information of the Fund. All Confidential Information of the Fund shall be and shall remain the property of the Fund. 
 
 2. Fund Obligations . 
 A. The Fund agrees to use its reasonable efforts to deliver to DST in Kansas City, Missouri, as soon as they are available, all of its shareholder account records. 
 B. The Fund will provide DST written notice of any change in Authorized Personnel as set forth on Schedule 
 C. The Fund will notify DST of material changes to its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (e.g. in the case of recapitalization) that impact the services provided by DST under the Agreement. 
 D. If at any time the Fund receives notice or becomes aware of any stop order or other proceeding in any such state affecting such registration or the sale of the Fund's shares, or of any stop order or other proceeding under the federal securities laws affecting the sale of the Fund's shares, the Fund will give prompt notice thereof to DST. 
 E. The Fund shall not enter into one or more omnibus, third-party sub-agency or sub accounting agreements with (i) unaffiliated third-party broker dealers or other financial intermediaries who have a distribution agreement with the affected Funds or (ii) third party administrators of group retirement or annuity plans, unless the Fund either (1) provides DST with a minimum of 12 months notice before the accounts are deconverted from DST, or (2), if 12 months notice is not possible, Fund shall compensate DST by paying a one-time termination fee equal to 0.10 per deconverted account per month for every month short of the 12 months notice in connection with each such deconversion. 
 3. Compliance . 
 A. DST shall perform the services under this Schedule A in conformance with DST's present procedures as set forth in its Procedures with such changes or deviations therefrom as may be from time to time required or approved by the Fund, its investment adviser or managing dealer, or its or DST's counsel and the rejection of orders or instructions not in good order in accordance with the applicable prospectus or the Procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, DST s obligations shall be solely as are set forth in this Schedule and any of other obligations of the Fund under applicable law that DST has not agreed to perform on the Fund s behalf under this Schedule or the Agreement shall remain the Fund s sole obligation. 
 B. The Fund hereby advises DST that all of the shares of the Fund are sold by broker-dealers who have executed selling group or dealer agreements with the Fund pursuant to which agreements the affected broker-dealer has assumed all obligations and responsibilities under applicable laws with respect to customer 
 5 

identification procedures, identity theft and the red flag regulations and that, therefore, such obligations and responsibilities are not among the obligations and responsibilities that the Fund is employing DST to provide or fulfill. Any requirement to comply with applicable law with respect to any attempt to verify the identity of shareholders of the shares of the Fund shall remain with the Fund and the Fund s broker-dealers. 
 4. Bank Accounts . 
 A. DST, acting as agent for the Fund, is hereby authorized (1) to establish in the name of, and to maintain on behalf of, the Fund, on the usual terms and conditions prevalent in the industry, including limits or caps (based on fees paid over some period of time or a flat amount, as required by the affected Bank on the maximum liability of such Banks into which DST shall deposit the funds DST receives for payment of dividends, distributions, purchases of Fund shares, redemptions of Fund shares, commissions, corporate re-organizations (including recapitalizations or liquidations) or any other disbursements made by DST on behalf of the Fund provided for in this Schedule A, (2) to draw checks upon such accounts, to issue orders or instructions to the Bank for the payment out of such accounts as necessary or appropriate to accomplish the purposes for which such funds were provided to DST, and (3) to establish, to implement and to transact Fund business through ACH, draft processing, wire transfer and any other banking relationships, arrangements and agreements with such Bank as are necessary or appropriate to fulfill DST s obligations under the Agreement. DST, acting as agent for the Fund, is also hereby authorized to execute on behalf and in the name of the Fund, on the usual terms and conditions prevalent in the industry, including limits or caps (based on fees paid over some period of time or a flat amount, as required by the affected Bank) on the maximum liability of such Banks, agreements with banks for ACH, wire transfer, draft processing services, as well as any other services which are necessary or appropriate for DST to utilize to accomplish the purposes of this Schedule. In each of the foregoing situations the Fund shall be liable on such agreements with the Bank as if it itself had executed the agreement. 
 B. DST is authorized and directed to stop payment of checks theretofore issued hereunder, but not presented for payment, when the payees thereof allege either that they have not received the checks or that such checks have been mislaid, lost, stolen, destroyed or through no fault of theirs, are otherwise beyond their control, and cannot be produced by them for presentation and collection, and, to issue and deliver duplicate checks in replacement thereof. 
 5. Records . 
 DST will maintain customary transfer agent records in connection with its agency in accordance with the transfer agent recordkeeping requirements under applicable federal securities laws. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the records to be maintained and preserved by DST on the TA2000 System under the Agreement shall be maintained and preserved in accordance with the following 
 A. Annual Purges by August 31 DST and the Fund shall mutually agree upon a date for the annual purge of the appropriate history transactions from the Transaction History (A88) file for accounts (both regular and tax advantaged accounts) that were open as of January 1 of the current year, such purge to be complete no later than August 31. Purges completed after this date will subject the Fund to the Aged History Retention fees set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 B. Purge Criteria In order to avoid the Aged History Retention fees, history data for regular or ordinary accounts (that is, non-tax advantaged accounts) must be purged if the confirmation date of the history transaction is prior to January 1 of the current year and history data for tax advantaged accounts (retirement and educational savings accounts) must be purged if the confirmation date of the history transaction is prior to January 1 of the prior year. All purged history information shall be retained on magnetic tape for 7 years. 
 C. Purged History Retention Options (entail an additional fee) For the additional fees set forth on the Fee Letter, or as otherwise mutually agreed, then Fund may choose (i) to place purged history information on the Purged Transaction History (A19) table or (ii) to retain history information on the Transaction History (A88) file beyond the timeframes defined above. Retaining information on the A19 table allows for viewing of this data through online facilities and E-Commerce applications. This database does not support those histories being printed on statements and reports and is not available for on request job executions. 
 6. Disposition of Books, Records and Canceled Certificates . 
 DST may send periodically to the Fund, or to where designated by the Fund, all books, documents, and all records no longer deemed needed for current purposes, upon the understanding that such books, documents, and records will be maintained by the Fund under and in accordance with the requirements of applicable federal securities 
 6 

laws. Such materials will not be destroyed by the Fund without the consent of DST (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld), but will be safely stored for possible future reference. 
 
 7 

APPENDIX 1 
 ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING DELEGATION 
 1. Delegation. 
 
 1.1 In order to assist the Fund with the Fund s AML responsibilities under applicable AML laws, DST offers certain risk-based AML Procedures that are reasonably designed to (i) promote the detection and reporting of potential money laundering activities and (ii) assist in the verification of persons opening accounts with the Fund. The Fund has had an opportunity to review the AML Procedures with DST and desires to implement the AML Procedures as part of the Fund s overall AML program. 
 
 1.2 Accordingly, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Fund hereby instructs and directs DST to implement the AML Procedures as set forth in Section 4 below on the Fund s behalf and delegates to DST the day-to-day operation of the AML Procedures. The AML Procedures set forth in Section 4 may be amended, from time to time, by mutual agreement of the Fund and DST upon the execution by such parties of a revised Appendix 1 bearing a later date than the date hereof. DST hereby acknowledges that the Fund may withdraw delegation of the day-to-day operation of the AML Procedures at any time by providing notice to DST. 
 
 1.3 DST agrees to perform such AML Procedures, with respect to the ownership of Shares in the Fund for which DST maintains the applicable shareholder information, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Consent to Examination. In connection with the performance by DST of the AML Procedures, DST understands and acknowledges that the Fund remains responsible for assuring compliance with the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USA PATRIOT Act and that the records DST maintains for the Fund relating to the AML Program may be subject, from time to time, to examination and or inspection by federal regulators in order that the regulators may evaluate such compliance. DST hereby consents to such examination and or inspection and agrees to cooperate with such federal examiners in connection with their review. For purposes of such examination and or inspection, DST will use its best efforts to make available, during normal business hours and on reasonable notice all required records and information for review by such examiners. 
 
 3. Limitation on Delegation. The Fund acknowledges and agrees that in accepting the delegation hereunder, DST is agreeing to perform only the AML Procedures, as may be amended from time to time, and is not undertaking and shall not be responsible for any other aspect of the AML Program or for the overall compliance by the Fund with the USA PATRIOT Act or for any other matters that have not been delegated hereunder. Additionally, the parties acknowledge and agree that DST shall only be responsible for performing the AML Procedures with respect to the ownership of, and transactions in, Shares in the Fund for which DST maintains the applicable Shareholder information. 
 
 4. AML Procedures 1 
 
 4.1 Consistent with the services provided by DST and with respect to the ownership of Shares in the Fund for which DST maintains the applicable Shareholder information, DST shall 
 
 (a) On a daily basis, submit all new customer account registrations and registration changes against the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC database, the Politically Exposed Persons PEP database, and such other lists or databases as may be required from time to time by applicable regulatory authorities 
 
 (b) Submit all account registrations through OFAC database, the PEP database, and such other lists or databases as may be required from time to time by applicable regulatory authorities 

1 The accounts, transactions, items and activity reviewed in each case are subject to certain standard exclusions as set forth in written procedures of DST, which have been made available to the Fund and which may be modified from time to time . 
 1 

(c) On a daily basis, submit special payee information from checks, outgoing wires and systematic withdrawal files through the OFAC database 
 
 (d) Review certain types of redemption transactions that occur within thirty-four (34) days of an account establishment, registration change, or banking information change (e.g. redemption by wire within 34 days of banking information change rapid depletion of account balance after establishment and redemption by check within 34 days of address change) 
 
 (e) Review wires sent pursuant to banking instructions other than those on file with DST 
 
 (f) Review accounts with small balances followed by large purchases 
 
 (g) Review purchase and redemption activity by check that meets or exceeds 100,000 threshold on any given day 
 
 (h) Determine when a suspicious activity report SAR should be filed as required by regulations applicable to mutual funds prepare and file the SAR provide the Fund with a copy of the SAR within a reasonable time after filing and notify the Fund if any further communication is received from the U.S. Department of the Treasury or other law enforcement agencies regarding such filing 
 
 (i) Compare account information to any FinCEN request received by the Fund and provided to DST pursuant to USA PATRIOT Act Sec. 314(a). Provide the Fund with the necessary information for it to respond to such request within required time frame 
 
 (j) (i) Take reasonable steps to verify the identity of any person seeking to become a new customer of the Fund and notify the Fund in the event such person cannot be verified, (ii) Maintain records of the information used to verify the person s identity, as required, and (iii) Determine whether the person appears on any lists of known or suspected terrorists or terrorist organizations provided to the Fund by any government agency 
 
 (k) Except with respect to any entities excluded under applicable regulation (i) take reasonable steps to verify the identity of legal entities seeking to become new customers of the Fund, including verifying the identity of the natural person(s) retaining ownership or controlling interest in such legal entity (the Beneficial Owner(s) ), as such ownership and controlling interests are defined in 31 C.F.R. 1010.230, (ii) notify the Fund in the event that the identity of such Beneficial Owner(s) is not provided upon request to such entity or cannot be verified, (iii) maintain records of the information used to verify such Beneficial Owners, as required, and (iv) determine whether such persons appear on any lists of known or suspected terrorists or terrorist organizations provided to the Fund by any government agency 
 
 (l) Conduct due diligence and if required, enhanced due diligence in accordance with 31 C.F.R. 103.176(b) for new and existing correspondent accounts for foreign financial institutions (as defined in 31 C.F.R. 103.175). DST will perform an assessment of the money laundering risk presented by the account based on a consideration of relevant factors in accordance with applicable law and information provided by the foreign financial institution in a financial institution questionnaire. If an account is determined to have a medium or above risk-ranking, DST will monitor the account on a monthly basis for unusual activity. In the situation where due diligence cannot be completed with respect to an account, DST will contact the Fund s AML Officer for further instruction. 
 
 (m) Upon the request by the Fund, conduct due diligence to determine if the Fund is involved with any foreign jurisdiction, institution, class of transactions and a type of account designated, from time to time, by the U.S. Department of Justice in order to identify and take certain special measures against such entities as required under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act (31 C.F.R. 103.193). 
 
 (n) Create and retain records required under 31 CFR 103.33 in connection with the transmittals of funds in amounts equal to or in excess of 3,000, and transmit such information on the transactions to the receiving financial institutions. 
 
 4.2 In the event that DST detects activity as a result of the foregoing procedures, which necessitates the filing by DST of a SAR or other similar report or notice to OFAC, then DST shall also immediately notify the Fund, unless prohibited by applicable law. 
 2 

APPENDIX 2 
 OMNIBUS TRANSPARENCY SERVICES 
 
 A. The Funds shall provide the following information to DST 
 
 1. The name and contact information for the financial intermediary, with which the Funds have a shareholder information agreement (under which the financial intermediary agrees to provide, at the Fund s request, identity and transaction information about shareholders who hold their shares through an account with the financial intermediary (an accountlet )), that is to receive an information request 
 2. The Funds to be included, along with each Fund s frequency trading policy, under surveillance for the financial intermediary 
 3. The frequency of supplemental data requests from DST 
 4. The duration of supplemental data requests (e.g. 60 days, 90 days) and 
 5. The expected turnaround time for a response from the financial intermediary to an information request (including requests for supplemental data) 
 
 B. Upon receipt of the foregoing information, the Funds hereby authorize and instruct DST to perform the following services 
 
 1. Financial Intermediary Surveillance Schedules. 
 (a) Create a system profile and infrastructure based upon parameters set by the Fund to establish and maintain financial intermediary surveillance schedules and communication protocol links. 
 (b) Initiate information requests to the financial intermediaries. 
 
 2. Data Management Monitoring 
 (a) Monitor status of information requests until all supplemental data is received. 
 (b) If a Financial Intermediary does not respond to a second request from DST, the DST shall notify the Fund for the Fund to follow-up with the financial intermediary. 
 
 3. Customized Reporting for Market Timing Analysis 
 (a) Run information received from the financial intermediaries through TA2000 System functionalities. 
 (b) Generate exception reports using parameters provided by the Funds. 
 
 4. Daily Exception Analysis of Market Timing Policies for Supplemental Data Provided 
 (a) Review daily short-term trader exceptions, daily excessive trader exceptions, and daily supplemental data reconciliation exceptions. 
 (b) Analyze Financial Intermediary supplemental data (items), which are identified as Potential Violations based on parameters established by the Funds. 
 (c) Confirm exception trades and if necessary, request additional information regarding Potential Violations. 
 
 1 

5. Communication and Resolution of Market Timing Exceptions 
 (a) Communicate results of analysis to the Funds or upon request of the Funds directly to the financial intermediary. 
 (b) Unless otherwise requested by the Funds and as applicable, instruct the financial intermediary to (i) restrict trading on the accountlet, (ii) cancel a trade, or (iii) prohibit future purchases or exchanges. 
 (c) Update AWD work object with comments detailing resolution. 
 (d) Keep a detailed record of all data exceptions and inquires with regards to potential violations. 
 
 6. Management Reporting 
 (a) Provide periodic reports, in accordance with agreed upon frequency and content parameters, to the Funds. As reasonably requested by the Funds, DST shall furnish ad hoc reports to the Funds. 
 
 7. Support Due Diligence Programs 
 (a) Update system watch list with pertinent information on trade violators. 
 (b) Maintain a detailed audit trail of all accounts that are blocked and reason for doing so. 

2 

APPENDIX 3 
 AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Schedule A and the Agreement between the Fund and DST, the Fund authorizes the following Fund personnel to provide instructions to DST, and receive inquiries from DST in connection with Schedule A and the Agreement 
 
 Name Title 
 
 Trevor Clark Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Terrence Walters Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Jenny B. Neslin General Counsel and Secretary 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 
 
 _____________________________ ________________________________ 

This Schedule may be revised by the Fund by providing DST with a substitute Appendix 3. Any such substitute Appendix 3 shall become effective twenty-four (24) hours after DST's receipt of the document and shall be incorporated into the Agreement. 

3 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 9
 a2022exhibit108tcapescra.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

 EXPENSE SUPPORT AND CONDITIONAL REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement (the Agreement is made this 25 th day of October, 2022, by and between AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ), and AGTB FUND MANAGER, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). 
 WHEREAS, the Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act 
 WHEREAS, the Fund has retained the Adviser to furnish investment advisory services to the Fund on the terms and conditions set forth in the investment management agreement, dated October 25, 2022, entered between the Fund and the Adviser, as may be amended or restated (the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Fund and the Adviser have determined that it is appropriate and in the best interests of the Fund that the Adviser may elect to pay a portion of the Fund s expenses from time to time, which the Fund will be obligated to reimburse to the Adviser at a later date if certain conditions are met. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Adviser Expense Payments to the Fund 
 (a) At such times as the Adviser determines, the Adviser may elect to pay certain expenses of the Fund on the Fund s behalf (each such payment, an Expense Payment ). In making an Expense Payment, the Adviser will designate, as it deems necessary or advisable, what type of expense it is paying (including, whether it is paying organizational or offering expenses) provided that no portion of an Expense Payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and or servicing fees of the Fund. 
 (b) The Fund s right to receive an Expense Payment shall be an asset of the Fund upon the Adviser committing in writing to pay the Expense Payment pursuant to a notice substantially in the form of Appendix A . Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay shall be paid by the Adviser to the Fund in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than 45 days after such commitment was made in writing, and or offset against amounts due from the Fund to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 
 2. Reimbursement of Expense Payments by the Fund 
 (a) Following any calendar month or quarter, as applicable, in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Fund s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month or quarter, as applicable (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Fund shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof in accordance with Sections 2(b), as applicable, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month or quarter, as applicable, have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Fund pursuant to this Section 2(a) shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . For purposes of this Agreement, Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) the Fund s net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) the Fund s net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Fund on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 
 (b) The amount of the Reimbursement Payment for any calendar month or quarter, as applicable, shall equal the lesser of (i) the Excess Operating Funds in such month or quarter, as applicable, and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month or quarter, as applicable, that have not been previously reimbursed by the Fund to the Adviser provided that the Adviser may waive its right to receive all or a portion of any Reimbursement Payment in any particular calendar month or quarter, as applicable, in which case such waived amount will remain unreimbursed Expense Payments reimbursable in future months pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Reimbursement Payment for any month or quarter, as applicable, shall be made if (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share declared by the Company at the time of such proposed Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the 

2 

 time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, or (2) the Company s Operating Expense Ratio at the time of such proposed Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates. For purposes of the Agreement, Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365 day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing operating expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to the Adviser, and interest expense, by the Company s net assets. 
 (d) The Fund s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Fund on the last business day of the applicable calendar month or quarter, as applicable, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month or quarter, as applicable. In connection with any Reimbursement Payment, the Fund may deliver a notice substantially in the form of Appendix A . The Reimbursement Payment for any calendar month or quarter, as applicable, shall be paid by the Fund to the Adviser in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds as promptly as possible following such calendar month or quarter, as applicable, and in no event later than 45 days after the end of such calendar month or quarter, as applicable. 
 (e) All Reimbursement Payments hereunder shall be deemed to relate to the earliest unreimbursed Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Fund within three years prior to the last business day of the calendar month or quarter, as applicable, in which such Reimbursement Payment obligation is accrued. 
 
 3. Termination and Survival 
 (a) This Agreement shall become effective as of the date of this Agreement. 
 (b) This Agreement may be terminated, without the payment of any penalty, by the Fund or the Adviser at any time, with or without notice. 
 (c) This Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event of (i) the termination by the Fund of the Investment Advisory Agreement (ii) the board of trustees of the Fund makes a determination to dissolve or liquidate the Fund or (iii) upon a quotation or listing of the Fund s securities on a national securities exchange (including through an initial public offering) or a sale of all or substantially all of the Fund s assets to, or a merger or other liquidity transaction with, an entity in which the Fund s shareholders receive shares of a publicly-traded company which continues to be managed by the Adviser or an affiliate thereof. 
 (d) Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Section 2 of this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement with respect to any Expense Payments that have not been reimbursed by the Fund to the Adviser. 
 
 4. Miscellaneous 
 (a) The captions of this Agreement are included for convenience only and in no way define or limit any of the provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect. 
 (b) This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. For so long as the Fund is regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act, this Agreement shall also be construed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act. In such case, to the extent the applicable laws of the State of New York or any of the provisions herein conflict with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, the latter shall control. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to require the Fund to take any action contrary to the Fund s declaration of trust or by-laws, as each may be amended or restated, or to relieve or deprive the board of trustees of the Fund of its responsibility for and control of the conduct of the affairs of the Fund. 
 (d) If any provision of this Agreement shall be held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby and, to this extent, the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to be severable. 
 (e) The Fund shall not assign this Agreement or any right, interest or benefit under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Adviser. 
 (f) This Agreement may be amended in writing by mutual consent of the parties. This Agreement may be executed by the parties on any number of counterparts, delivery of which may occur by facsimile or as an 

3 

 attachment to an electronic communication, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. For the avoidance of doubt, a person s execution and delivery of this Agreement by electronic signature and electronic transmission (jointly, an Electronic Signature ), including via DocuSign or other similar method, shall constitute the execution and delivery of a counterpart of this Agreement by or on behalf of such party and shall bind such party to the terms of this Agreement. Any party executing and delivering this Agreement by an Electronic Signature further agrees to take any and all reasonable additional actions, if any, evidencing its intent to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

4 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above. 
 
 AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund By s Jenny B. Neslin Name Jenny B. Neslin Title General Counsel and Secretary AGTB FUND MANAGER, LLC 
 By Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P., its manager 
 s Gregory Shalette Name Gregory Shalette Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 

5 

 Appendix A 
 Form of Notice of Expense Payment or Reimbursement Payment 
 Expense Payment 
 Expense Payment Effective Date 
 Expense Payment Amount 
 Organizational Expense 
 Offering Expense 
 Management Fee 
 Incentive Fee 
 Other 
 Total 
 All Expense Payments are subject to reimbursement pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. 
 Reimbursement Payment 
 Reimbursement Payment Effective Date 
 Reimbursement Payment Amount 
 Organizational Expense 
 Offering Expense 
 Management Fee 
 Incentive Fee 
 Other 
 Total 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.12>
 10
 a2022ex1012tcapmulti-class.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 Exhibit 10.12 

 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 MULTIPLE CLASS PLAN 
 October 25, 2022 
 This Multiple Class Plan (this Plan is adopted pursuant to Rule 18f-3(d) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), by AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Fund ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Fund is a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company 
 WHEREAS , the Fund intends to rely on exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission that permits it to issue multiple classes of shares, and one of the conditions of this relief is that the Fund must comply with the provisions of Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act as though such rule applied to closed-end investment companies 
 WHEREAS , the common shares of beneficial interest of the Fund (the Shares are divided into one or more separate classes 
 WHEREAS , the Fund desires to adopt this Plan in order that the Fund may issue multiple classes of Shares (each, a Class and 
 WHEREAS , the Board of Trustees of the Fund (the Board , and each member, a Trustee ), including a majority of the Trustees who are not interested persons (as defined by the 1940 Act) of the Fund (the Independent Trustees ), in considering whether the Fund should adopt and implement this Plan, has evaluated such information and considered such pertinent factors as it deemed necessary to undertake an informed evaluation of this Plan and determination as to whether this Plan should be adopted and implemented, and has determined that the adoption and implementation of this Plan, including the expense allocation contemplated herein, are in the best interests of each Class individually, as well as the best interests of the Fund 
 NOW THEREFORE , the Fund adopts this Plan pursuant to Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act, on the following terms and conditions 
 1. The effective date of this Plan (the Effective Date shall be the date upon which the Fund has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), with respect to more than one Class. 
 2. The Fund may issue Shares in one or more Classes, as set forth in Exhibit A. Shares so issued will have the rights and preferences set forth in the Fund s Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust and bylaws (each as amended from time to time), any applicable resolutions adopted by the Board from time to time and the Fund s then current registration statement under the Securities Act relating to the Classes. 
 3. Shares issued in Classes will be issued subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act, including, without limitation 

(a) each Class will have a different arrangement for shareholder services or the distribution of Shares or both, and will pay all of the expenses of that arrangement, as set forth in Exhibit A 
 (b) each Class may pay a different share of other expenses, not including advisory or custodial fees or other expenses related to the management of the Fund s assets, if these expenses are actually incurred in a different amount by that Class, or if the Class receives services of a different kind or to a different degree than other Classes 
 (c) each Class may pay a different advisory fee to the extent that any difference in amount paid is the result of the application of the same performance fee provisions in the advisory contract of the Fund to the different investment performance of each Class 
 (d) each Class will have exclusive voting rights on any matter submitted to shareholders that relates solely to its arrangement 
 (e) each Class will have separate voting rights on any matter submitted to shareholders in which the interests of one Class differ from the interests of any other Class 
 (f) except as otherwise permitted under Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act, each Class will have the same rights and obligations as each other Class and 
 (g) Shares of one Class may be exchanged, at the shareholder s option, for Shares of another class of the Fund (an intra-Fund exchange ), if and to the extent an applicable intra-Fund exchange privilege is disclosed in the Fund s prospectus as from time to time in effect (together with the Fund s statement of additional information as from time to time in effect, the Prospectus and subject to the terms and conditions (including the imposition or waiver of any sales load, repurchase fee or early withdrawal charge) set forth in the Prospectus, provided that the shareholder requesting the intra-Fund exchange meets the eligibility requirements of the Class into which such shareholder seeks to exchange. 
 4. Nothing in this Plan will be deemed to require the Fund to take any action contrary to its Amended and Restated Agreement and Declaration of Trust or bylaws, each as amended from time to time, or any applicable statutory or regulatory requirement to which it is subject or by which it is bound, or to relieve or deprive the Board of the responsibility for and control of the conduct of the affairs of the Fund. 
 5. This Plan will continue in effect indefinitely unless terminated by a vote of the Board. 
 6. This Plan may be amended at any time by the Board, provided that any material amendment of this Plan will be effective only upon approval by a vote of the Board, and a majority of the Independent Trustees. 
 7. This Plan will be construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware and the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act. 
 8. If any provision of this Plan is held or made invalid by a court decision, statute, rule or otherwise, the remainder of this Plan will not be affected thereby. 
 
 2 

EXHIBIT A 
 Classes as of October 25, 2022 
 
 Class Shareholder Servicing and or Distribution Fee (calculated per annum as a percent of the aggregate NAV as of the beginning of the first calendar day of each applicable month) 
 Class I N A Class S 0.85 Class D 0.25 

3 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 11
 a2022exhibit1013tcapdrip.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

 DISTRIBUTION REINVESTMENT PLAN 
 Effective October 25, 2022 
 This Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the Plan is adopted by AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund (the Fund ). 
 1. Distribution Reinvestment. As agent for the shareholders (the Shareholders of the Fund who (i) purchase Class S shares, Class D shares or Class I shares of the Fund s common shares of beneficial interest (collectively the Shares pursuant to the Fund s continuous public offering (the Offering ), or (ii) purchase Shares pursuant to any future offering of the Fund, and who do not opt out of participating in the Plan (or, in the case of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Vermont and Washington investors and clients of participating broker-dealers that do not permit automatic enrollment in the Plan, who opt to participate in the Plan) (the Participants ), the Fund will apply all dividends and other distributions declared and paid in respect of the Shares held by each Participant and attributable to the class of Shares purchased by such Participant (the Distributions ), including Distributions paid with respect to any full or fractional Shares acquired under the Plan, to the purchase of additional Shares of the same class for such Participant. 
 2. Effective Date. The effective date of this Plan shall be the date that the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC declares the Fund s initial registration statement on Form N-2 effective. 
 3. Procedure for Participation. Any Shareholder (unless such Shareholder is a resident of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Vermont or Washington or is a client of a participating broker-dealer that does not permit automatic enrollment in the Plan) who has received a Prospectus, as contained in the Fund s registration statement filed with the SEC, will automatically become a Participant unless they elect not to become a Participant by noting such election on their subscription agreement. Any Shareholder who is a resident of Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Vermont or Washington or is a client of a participating broker-dealer that does not permit automatic enrollment in the Plan who has received a prospectus, as contained in the Fund s registration statement filed with the SEC, will become a Participant if they elect to become a Participant by noting such election on their subscription agreement. If any Shareholder initially elects not to be a Participant, they may later become a Participant by subsequently completing and executing an enrollment form or any appropriate authorization form as may be available from the Fund or DST Systems, Inc. (the Plan Administrator ). Participation in the Plan will begin with the next Distribution payable after acceptance of a Participant s subscription, enrollment or authorization. Shares will be purchased under the Plan as of the first calendar day of the month (the Purchase Date following the record date of the Distribution. 
 4. Suitability. Each Participant is requested to promptly notify the Fund in writing if the Participant experiences a material change in his or her financial condition, including the failure to meet the income, net worth and investment concentration standards imposed by such Participant s state of residence and set forth in the Fund s most recent prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, this request in no way shifts to the Participant the responsibility of the Fund s sponsor, or any other person selling shares on behalf of the Fund to the Participant to make every reasonable effort to determine that the purchase of Shares is a suitable and appropriate investment based on information provided by such Participant. 
 5. Purchase of Shares. 
 a. The Fund shall use newly-issued Shares to implement the Plan. The number of newly-issued Shares to be issued to a Shareholder shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such Shareholder by a price equal to the net asset value as of the Purchase Date. Shares issued pursuant to the Plan will have the same voting rights as Shares issued pursuant to the Offering. The Fund shall pay the Plan Administrator s fees under the Plan. 
 b. No upfront selling commissions will be payable with respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Plan, but such Shares may be subject to ongoing distributor and or shareholder servicing fees. Participants in the Plan may purchase fractional Shares so that 100 of the Distributions will be used to acquire Shares. 
 
 6. Notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of this Plan shall be in writing and addressed to AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, c o DST Systems, Inc. if to the Plan Administrator, or such other addresses as may be specified by written notice to all Participants. Notices to a Participant may be given by letter addressed to the Participant at the Participant s last address of record with the Fund. Each Participant shall notify the Fund promptly in writing of any change of address. 
 7. Taxes. THE REINVESTMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS DOES NOT RELIEVE A PARTICIPANT OF ANY INCOME TAX LIABILITY THAT MAY BE PAYABLE ON THE DISTRIBUTIONS. INFORMATION REGARDING POTENTIAL TAX INCOME LIABILITY OF PARTICIPANTS MAY BE FOUND IN THE PUBLIC FILINGS MADE BY THE FUND WITH THE SEC. 
 8. Share Certificates. The ownership of the Shares purchased through the Plan will be in book-entry form unless and until the Fund issues certificates for its outstanding Shares. 
 9. Termination by Participant. A Participant may terminate participation in the Plan at any time, without penalty, by delivering notice to the Plan Administrator. Such notice must be received by the Plan Administrator five business days in advance of the first calendar day of the next month in order for a Participant s termination to be effective for such month. Any transfer of Shares by a Participant to a non-Participant will terminate participation in the Plan with respect to the transferred Shares. If a Participant elects to tender its Shares in full pursuant to any tender offer by the Fund, any Shares issued to the Participant under the Plan subsequent to the expiration of the tender offer will be considered part of the Participant s prior tender, and Participant s participation in the Plan will be terminated as of the valuation date of the applicable tender offer. Any distributions to be paid to such Shareholder on or after such date will be paid in cash on the scheduled distribution payment date. If a Participant terminates Plan participation, the Fund may, at its option, ensure that the terminating Participant s account will reflect the whole number of shares in such Participant s account and provide a check for the cash value of any fractional share in such account. Upon termination of Plan participation for any reason, future Distributions will be distributed to the Shareholder in cash. 
 10. Amendment, Suspension or Termination by the Fund. The Board of Trustees of the Fund may by majority vote amend any aspect of the Plan provided that the Plan cannot be amended to eliminate a Participant s right to terminate participation in the Plan and that notice of any material amendment must be provided to Participants at least 10 business days prior to the effective date of that 

amendment. The Fund s Board of Trustees may by majority vote suspend or terminate the Plan for any reason upon 10 business days written notice to the Participants. 
 11. Liability of the Fund. The Fund shall not be liable for any act done in good faith, or for any good faith omission to act, including, without limitation, any claims or liability (i) arising out of failure to terminate a Participant s account upon such Participant s death prior to timely receipt of notice in writing of such death or (ii) with respect to the time and the prices at which Shares are purchased or sold for a Participant s account. To the extent that indemnification may apply to liabilities arising under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of a particular state, the Fund has been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC and certain state securities commissioners, such indemnification is contrary to public policy and, therefore, unenforceable. 
 12. Applicable Law. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-14.1>
 12
 a2022ex141jointcodeofethics.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 14.1 

 CODE OF ETHICS 
 for 
 AG TWIN BROOK BDC, INC. 
 AG TWIN BROOK MANAGER, LLC 
 and 
 AGTB PRIVATE BDC 
 AG TWIN BROOK CAPITAL INCOME FUND 
 AGTB FUND MANAGER, LLC 

October 2022 
 Section I Statement of General Fiduciary Principles 
 This Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by (1) each of AG Twin Brook BDC, Inc., BDC I and AG Twin Brook Manager, LLC BDC I Advisor ), BDC I s investment adviser, and (2) each of AGTB Private BDC BDC II ), AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund BDC III and AGTB Fund Manager, LLC BDC II and BDC III Advisor ), in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act ). BDC I, BDC II and BDC III are each referred to herein as a Company or together as the Companies. Similarly, BDC I Advisor and BDC II and BDC III Advisor are each referred to herein as an Advisor or together as the Advisors. The purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of activities by which persons having knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of the Companies may abuse their fiduciary duty to the Company, and otherwise to deal with the types of conflict of interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 is addressed. All Access Persons must read this Code of Ethics. 
 
 The Code is based on the principle that the directors and officers of the Companies, and the managers, partners, officers, employees and shared employees of the Advisor, who provide services to the Companies, owe a fiduciary duty to the Companies to conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not interfere with the Companies transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Companies. All Access Persons are expected to adhere to this general principle as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code that are applicable to them Any Access Persons who are affiliated with the Advisors or another entity that is a registered investment adviser is, in addition, expected to comply with the provisions of the code of ethics that has been adopted by the Advisors and Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P. Angelo Gordon or such other investment adviser as applicable. The Advisors, along with Angelo Gordon have adopted a separate code of ethics pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and the rules thereunder (the Advisor Code of Ethics ). The Advisor to each Company will provide a written report, at least annually, to that Company s board of directors or board of trustees, as applicable (each a Board and together the Boards describing any issues arising under the Advisor Code of Ethics or procedures since the last report to the applicable Board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Advisor Code of Ethics or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations and certifying that the Advisor has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent violations of the Advisor Code of Ethics. 
 
 All Access Persons must seek to avoid any actual or potential conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of the Companies and their respective shareholders. In sum, all Access Persons shall place the interests of the Companies before their own personal interests. 
 
 Section II Definitions 
 
 (A) Access Person means any director, officer, general partner or Advisory Person (as defined below) of one or both of the Companies or the Advisors. 
 
 (B) An Advisory Person of a Company or Advisor means (i) any director, officer general partner or employee of the Company or the Advisor, or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Company or the Advisor, who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, 

participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Company, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Company or the Advisor, who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Company with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Company and (iii) any other person deemed to be an Advisory Person by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 (C) Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 (D) Chief Compliance Officer means the Chief Compliance Officer of each of the Companies (who also may serve as the compliance officer of the Advisor and or one or more affiliates of the Advisor) and his or her delegate. 
 
 (E) Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the Act. 
 
 (F) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act, which includes any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, pre-organization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. 
 
 Except that Covered Security does not include (i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States (ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements and (iii) shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the Act. References to a Covered Security in this Code (e.g., a prohibition or requirement applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security) shall be deemed to refer to and to include any warrant for, option in, or security immediately convertible into that Covered Security, and shall also include any instrument that has an investment return or value that is based, in whole or in part, on that Covered Security (collectively, Derivatives ). Therefore, except as otherwise specifically provided by this Code (i) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative relating to that Covered Security and (ii) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security relating to that Derivative. 
 
 (G) Independent Director means a director or trustee of a Company who is not an interested person of the Company within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. 
 
 (H) Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 
 
 (I) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(5) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 thereunder. 
 
 (J) Security Held or to be Acquired by a Company means (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days (A) is or has been held by the Company or (B) is being or has been considered by the Company or the Advisor for purchase by the Company and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in Section II (K)(i). 
 
 (K) 17j-1 Organization means one or both of the Companies or the Advisors, as the context requires. 
 
 Section III Objective and General Prohibitions 

Access Persons may not engage in any investment transaction under circumstances in which such Access Persons benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by the Companies. In addition, Access Persons may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Companies, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Companies. 
 
 Access Persons may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of investments by the Companies. In this regard, Access Persons should recognize that Rule 17j-1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of the Companies, or any affiliated person of the Advisors, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by a Company to 
 
 i. employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Company 
 
 ii. make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Company or omit to state to the Company a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading 
 
 iii. engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Company or 
 
 iv. engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Company. 
 
 Access Persons should also recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of (1) sanctions as provided by Section VII below or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties. 
 
 Section IV Prohibited Transactions 
 
 A. Other than securities purchased or acquired by a fund affiliated with the Companies and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments, an Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Security, and may not sell or otherwise dispose of any Covered Security in which he or she has direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, if he or she knows or should know at the time of entering into the transaction that (1) a Company has purchased or sold such Covered Security within the last 15 calendar days, or is purchasing or selling or intends to purchase or sell such Covered Security in the next 15 calendar days or (2) a Company s Advisor has within the last 15 calendar days considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security for the Company or within the next 15 calendar days intends to consider purchasing or selling such Covered Security for the Company. 
 
 B. No Access Person may purchase a Covered Security without first obtaining preapproval from the Chief Compliance Officer of the applicable Company. If the Access Person is also an Access Person of the Advisor, pre-approval may be obtained from the CCO of the Advisor pursuant to the Advisor s Code of Ethics. From time to time, the Chief Compliance Officer of the Companies or the Advisors may exempt individual Covered Securities or categories of Covered Securities from this requirement. 
 
 C. Access Persons of each Company or Advisor must obtain approval from the Company or the Advisor, as the case may be, before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering, except when such securities are acquired by a fund affiliated with the Company and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments. Such approval must be obtained from the Chief Compliance Officer, unless he or she is the person seeking such approval, in which case it must be obtained from the President of the 17j-1 Organization. 
 
 D. No Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by a Company without having disclosed to the Chief Compliance Officer his or her interest, if any, in such Covered Securities or the issuer thereof, including the Access Person s Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of such issuer, any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered Securities any 

position the Access Person has with such issuer and any present or proposed business relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party which the Access Person has a significant interest), except when such securities transactions are to be made by a fund affiliated with the Company and pursuant to an exemptive order under Section 57(i) of the Act permitting certain types of co-investments. 
 
 Section V Reports by Access Persons 
 
 A. Personal Securities Holdings Reports. 
 
 All Access Persons shall within 10 days of the date on which they become Access Persons, and thereafter, within 30 days after the end of each calendar year, disclose the title, number of shares and principal amount of all Covered Securities in which they have a direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership as of the date the person became an Access Person, in the case of such person s initial report, and as of the last day of the year, as to annual reports. Such report is hereinafter called a Personal Securities Holdings Report. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report must also disclose the name of any broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person or as of the last day of the year, as the case may be. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report shall state the date it is being submitted. 
 
 B. Quarterly Transaction Reports. 
 
 Within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer of all transactions occurring in the quarter in a Covered Security in which he or she had any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership. Such report is hereinafter called a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report shall be in the form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 C. Independent Directors. 
 
 Notwithstanding the reporting requirements set forth in this Section V, an Independent Director who would be required to make a report under this Section V solely by reason of being a director of one or both Companies is not required to file a Personal Securities Holding Report upon becoming a director of a Company or annually thereafter. Such Independent Director also need not file a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report unless such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a director of a Company, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction in a Covered Security by the director such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Company or the Advisor considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security. 
 
 D. Brokerage Accounts and Statements. 
 
 Access Persons, except Independent Directors, shall 
 
 1. instruct the brokers, dealers or banks with whom they maintain such an account to provide duplicate account statements to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 2. on an annual basis, certify that they have complied with the requirements of (1) above. 
 
 E. Form of Reports. 
 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report may consist of broker statements or other statements that provide a list of all personal Covered Securities holdings and transactions in the time period covered by the report and contain the information required in a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 
 F. Responsibility to Report. 
 
 Access Persons will be informed of their obligations to report, however, it is the responsibility of each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of this Section V. Any effort by the Companies, or by the Advisors and their affiliates, to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. A person need not make a report hereunder with respect to transactions effected 

for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the person has no direct or indirect influence or control. 
 
 G. Where to File Reports and Forms. 
 
 1. All Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports, as well as Private Company Securities and IPO Request and Reporting Forms, must be filed with the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 2. The Chief Compliance Officer may, from time to time, adopt new methods to submit all Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports, as well as Private Company Securities and IPO Request and Reporting Forms. These new methods, which could include electronic submission of information equivalent to the information currently required under this Code, will be deemed to satisfy the reporting obligations under this Code. 
 
 H. Disclaimers. 
 
 Any report required by this Section V may contain a statement that the report will not be construed as an admission that the person making the report has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered Security to which the report relates. 
 
 I. Access Persons of the Advisors. 
 
 An Access Person of one or both of the Advisors need not make a Personal Securities Holding Report or Quarterly Securities Transaction Report or otherwise comply with this Section V if the information in such reports or the actions taken would be duplicative of the requirements of the Advisor Code of Ethics. 
 
 Section VI Annual Certification 
 
 A. Access Persons. 
 
 Access Persons who are directors, managers, partners, officers or employees of either or both of the Companies or the Advisors shall be required to certify annually that they have read this Code and the Advisor Code of Ethics, and that they understand the applicable code and recognize that they are subject to it. Further, such Access Persons shall be required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements of this Code and or the Advisor Code of Ethics. 
 
 B. Board Review. 
 
 No less frequently than annually, each Company and its Advisor must furnish to that Company s board of directors or trustees Board ), and the Board must consider, a written report that (A) describes any material issues arising under this Code or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of the Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to violations and (B) certifies that the Company or the Advisor, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating the Code. 
 
 Section VII Sanctions 
 
 Any violation of this Code shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions by the 17j-1 Organization as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of Rule 17j- 1 and this Code. The sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the board of directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, provided, however, that with respect to violations by persons who are directors, managers, partners, officers or employees of the Advisors (or of a company that controls the Advisor), the sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the applicable Advisor (or the controlling person thereof). Sanctions may include, but are not limited to, suspension or termination of employment, a letter of censure and or restitution of an amount equal to the difference between the price paid or received by the applicable Company and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 13
 a2022ex211tcaplistofsubs.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiary State of Incorporation Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC Delaware Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp. Delaware Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII ASPV, LLC Delaware Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 a2022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Trevor Clark, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 By 
 s Trevor Clark 
 Trevor Clark Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 a2022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Terrence Walters, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 c. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 By s Terrence Walters Terrence Walters Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 a2022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Trevor Clark, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Trevor Clark Trevor Clark Chief Executive Officer and President March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 a2022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report of AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Terrence Walters, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350), that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Terrence Walters Terrence Walters Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 16, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 18
 a2022exhibit99.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

 Table of Contents 

AGTB Private BDC 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Independent Auditor s Report 
 3 
 Financial Statements 
 4 
 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of De cember 31 , 2022 
 4 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period from January 27, 2022 Inception) t o December 31, 2022 
 5 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets for the period from January 27, 2022 Inception) to December 31 , 2022 
 6 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 27, 2022 Inception) to December 31 , 2022 
 7 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated F inancial Statements 
 14 - 33 
 
 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To Management of AGTB Private BDC 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedule of investments, of AGTB Private BDC and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in net assets and of cash flows for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 by correspondence with the custodian and underlying investee companies. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in the AG Twin Brook BDC group since 2019. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017 
 T (646) 471 3000, www.pwc.com us 

Table of Contents 

AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 Assets Investments at fair value Non-controlled non-affiliated investments at fair value (amortized cost of 795,429) 
 797,019 Non-controlled affiliated investments at fair value (amortized cost of 27,234) 
 27,468 Cash 22,659 Restricted cash 15,850 Deferred financing costs 7,892 Interest receivable 6,023 Deferred offering costs 459 Prepaid expenses 138 Total assets 877,508 Liabilities Debt (Note 5) 323,200 Dividend payable 15,707 Interest payable 4,782 Income incentive fee payable 1,412 Management fees payable 1,397 Accrued expenses and other liabilities payable to affiliate 1,064 Deferred income 614 Capital gains incentive fee payable 249 Due to affiliate 188 Total liabilities 348,613 Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Net assets Common shares 0.001 par value, unlimited shares authorized 20,943,030 shares issued and outstanding 
 21 Additional paid-in-capital 528,878 Total distributable earnings (loss) (4) Total net assets 528,895 Total liabilities and net assets 877,508 Net asset value per share 25.25 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Investment income Investment income from non-controlled, non-affiliated investments Interest 26,386 Other 2,855 Total investment income from non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 29,241 Total investment income 29,241 Expenses Interest 8,172 Management fees 2,253 Income incentive fees 2,061 Other 630 Administrative fees (1) 
 518 Professional fees 440 Accounting fees 413 Offering costs 401 Organizational costs 391 Insurance fees 264 Capital gains incentive fees 249 Trustees' fees 143 Total net expenses 15,935 Net investment income (loss) 13,306 Net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions Net realized gain (loss) on investment transactions Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 172 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 1,590 Non-controlled, affiliated investments 234 Total net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions 1,996 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 15,302 Net investment income (loss) per share - basic and diluted 1.56 Earnings (loss) per share - basic and diluted 1.79 Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 8,534,410 
 (1) Refer to Note 6 - Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations Net investment income (loss) 13,306 Net change in realized gain (loss) 172 Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 1,824 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 15,302 Dividends Dividends declared from earnings (15,707) Net decrease in net assets resulting from dividends (15,707) Capital share transactions Issuance of common shares 529,300 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from capital share transactions 529,300 Total increase (decreases) in net assets 528,895 Net assets, at beginning of period Net assets, at end of period 528,895 Capital share activity Shares issued 20,943,030 Net increase in shares outstanding 20,943,030 Dividends declared per share 0.75 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Cash flows from operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 15,302 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net realized (gain) loss on investments (172) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments (1,824) Net accretion on debt instruments (1,139) Net paydown gain on debt instruments (188) Purchases and drawdowns of investments (909,087) Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments 87,923 Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,106 Amortization of deferred offering costs 401 Change in operating assets and liabilities (Increase) decrease in interest receivable (6,023) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses (138) Increase (decrease) in interest payable 4,782 Increase (decrease) in income incentive fees payable 1,412 Increase (decrease) in management fees payable 1,397 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities payable to affiliate 1,064 Increase (decrease) in capital gains incentive fees payable 249 Increase (decrease) in deferred income 614 Increase (decrease) in due to affiliate 188 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (804,133) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common shares 529,300 Borrowings on debt 578,400 Payments on debt (255,200) Payments for deferred financing costs (8,998) Payments for deferred offering costs (860) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 842,642 Net change in cash and restricted cash 38,509 Cash and Restricted Cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period 38,509 Supplemental and non-cash information Cash paid during the period for interest 2,284 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities Cash 22,659 Restricted cash 15,850 Total cash and restricted cash 38,509 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Company (1)(2) 
 Investment Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate Maturity Date Principal Par Amount(3) Amortized Cost(4) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Investments Non-controlled non-affiliated senior secured debt (5) 
 Air freight and logistics Load One Purchaser Corporation (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.00 10.84 6 21 2028 6,080 (103) (101) (0.02) Load One Purchaser Corporation First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.84 6 21 2028 3,482 285 291 0.06 Load One Purchaser Corporation First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.84 6 21 2028 13,477 13,225 13,252 2.51 Zipline Logistics, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.75 10.59 9 19 2027 4,527 (85) (79) (0.01) Zipline Logistics, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.59 9 19 2027 1,687 (32) (29) (0.01) Zipline Logistics, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.59 9 19 2027 6,924 6,792 6,804 1.29 20,082 20,138 3.82 Auto components Raneys, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.59 6 7 2027 1,522 (27) (25) 0.00 Raneys, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.59 6 7 2027 7,364 7,231 7,243 1.37 7,204 7,218 1.37 Chemicals Custom Agronomics Holdings, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 11.34 8 26 2027 2,312 (43) (40) (0.01) Custom Agronomics Holdings, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 11.34 8 26 2027 3,930 3,853 3,863 0.73 3,810 3,823 0.72 Commercial services and supplies Industrial Air Flow Dynamics, Inc. First lien senior secured revolving loan P + 5.25 12.75 8 5 2028 2,537 376 380 0.07 Industrial Air Flow Dynamics, Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.25 10.67 8 5 2028 17,757 17,412 17,452 3.30 17,788 17,832 3.37 Construction and engineering Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.50 11.34 9 30 2027 9,413 (82) (70) (0.01) Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 11.33 9 30 2027 4,210 1,960 1,968 0.37 Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 11.34 9 30 2027 30,605 30,312 30,376 5.74 Rose Paving, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.57 11 7 2028 4,560 2,442 2,442 0.46 Rose Paving, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.55 11 7 2028 16,853 16,439 16,439 3.11 51,071 51,155 9.67 Containers and packaging Bulk Lift International, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.75 11.28 11 15 2027 1,748 (43) (43) (0.01) Bulk Lift International, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.75 11.28 11 15 2027 5,816 5,673 5,673 1.07 K-1 Packaging Group, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.84 10 6 2027 6,748 (161) (152) (0.03) K-1 Packaging Group, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.84 10 6 2027 33,115 32,317 32,370 6.12 Sixarp, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.50 10.34 8 5 2027 3,180 (57) (54) (0.01) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Company (1)(2) 
 Investment Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate Maturity Date Principal Par Amount(3) Amortized Cost(4) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Sixarp, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.50 10.34 8 5 2027 3,732 (69) (63) (0.01) Sixarp, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.50 10.34 8 5 2027 19,825 19,443 19,482 3.68 57,103 57,213 10.81 Diversified consumer services ACES Intermediate, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.63 7 27 2027 6,964 (127) (117) (0.02) ACES Intermediate, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.63 7 27 2027 31,376 30,789 30,859 5.83 Esquire Deposition Solutions, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.50 10.92 12 30 2027 3,845 (115) (115) (0.02) Esquire Deposition Solutions, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 10.92 12 30 2027 2,162 (65) (65) (0.01) Esquire Deposition Solutions, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 10.92 12 30 2027 13,458 13,054 13,054 2.47 Yard-Nique, Inc (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.00 9.71 4 30 2026 6,086 (72) (68) (0.01) Yard-Nique, Inc First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.00 8.71 4 30 2026 870 250 251 0.05 Yard-Nique, Inc First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 9.71 4 30 2026 6,739 6,651 6,661 1.26 50,365 50,460 9.55 Electrical equipment WCI Volt Purchaser, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.59 9 15 2028 2,249 (43) (39) (0.01) WCI Volt Purchaser, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.59 9 15 2028 10,035 9,841 9,859 1.86 9,798 9,820 1.85 Electronic equipment, instruments and components ITSavvy LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.25 8.76 8 8 2028 3,043 (25) (22) 0.00 ITSavvy LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.25 9.68 8 8 2028 1,741 (16) (13) 0.00 ITSavvy LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.25 8.76 8 8 2028 11,244 11,138 11,162 2.11 11,097 11,127 2.11 Food and staples retailing Universal Pure, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.00 10.24 10 31 2028 5,236 (140) (140) (0.03) Universal Pure, LLC (6)(8) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.24 10 31 2028 6,992 (187) (187) (0.04) Universal Pure, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.24 10 31 2028 29,898 29,088 29,088 5.50 28,761 28,761 5.43 Food products BPCP WLF Intermedco LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.00 10.73 8 19 2027 5,846 (108) (100) (0.02) BPCP WLF Intermedco LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.75 8 19 2027 3,383 1,291 1,295 0.24 BPCP WLF Intermedco LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.73 8 19 2027 23,326 22,883 22,923 4.33 Sun Orchard, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.25 9.69 7 8 2027 5,223 254 261 0.05 Sun Orchard, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.25 10.09 7 8 2027 9,456 9,279 9,297 1.76 33,599 33,676 6.36 Health care equipment and supplies Medical Technology Associates, Inc. (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.84 7 25 2028 1,929 (36) (33) (0.01) Medical Technology Associates, Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.84 7 25 2028 6,713 6,585 6,599 1.25 Nasco Healthcare Inc. (6)(7) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.48 6 30 2025 3,322 (38) (38) (0.01) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Company (1)(2) 
 Investment Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate Maturity Date Principal Par Amount(3) Amortized Cost(4) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Nasco Healthcare Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.48 6 30 2025 17,811 17,605 17,605 3.33 Surplus Solutions, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.66 11 30 2027 1,771 (44) (44) (0.01) Surplus Solutions, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.66 11 30 2027 10,143 9,894 9,894 1.87 33,966 33,983 6.42 Health care providers and services ADVI Health, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 7.00 11.67 11 29 2027 1,062 (26) (26) 0.00 ADVI Health, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 7.00 11.67 11 29 2027 6,242 6,089 6,089 1.15 Benefit Plan Administrators of Eau Claire, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.50 9.19 6 7 2026 7,318 (96) (92) (0.02) Benefit Plan Administrators of Eau Claire, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.50 9.19 6 7 2026 1,672 (23) (21) 0.00 Benefit Plan Administrators of Eau Claire, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.50 9.19 6 7 2026 12,962 12,779 12,800 2.42 Change Academy at Lake of the Ozarks, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.25 9.98 8 2 2027 5,786 (106) (98) (0.02) Change Academy at Lake of the Ozarks, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.25 9.98 8 2 2027 29,547 28,992 29,043 5.49 Endodontic Practice Partners, LLC First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.75 10.90 11 2 2027 16,705 11,621 11,621 2.20 Endodontic Practice Partners, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.64 11 2 2027 1,918 (37) (37) (0.01) Endodontic Practice Partners, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.64 11 2 2027 14,927 14,636 14,636 2.77 IPC Pain Acquistion, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.00 10.44 5 19 2027 10,830 (112) (107) (0.02) IPC Pain Acquistion, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.44 5 19 2027 1,115 (15) (13) 0.00 IPC Pain Acquistion, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.44 5 19 2027 2,785 2,745 2,751 0.52 NH Kronos Buyer, Inc. (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 10.00 14.24 11 1 2028 12,443 (363) (363) (0.07) NH Kronos Buyer, Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.25 10.49 11 1 2028 68,063 66,054 66,365 12.55 Propio LS, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.50 10.46 8 2 2027 3,619 2,648 2,653 0.50 Propio LS, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.50 10.38 8 2 2027 19,840 19,470 19,503 3.69 Purpose Home Health Acquisition, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.25 11.19 11 3 2027 6,682 (145) (145) (0.03) Purpose Home Health Acquisition, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.25 11.19 11 3 2027 1,918 (42) (42) (0.01) Purpose Home Health Acquisition, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.25 11.19 11 3 2027 7,961 7,788 7,786 1.47 Spear Education Holdings, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 7.50 11.94 12 15 2027 4,463 (122) (122) (0.02) Spear Education Holdings, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 7.50 11.94 12 15 2027 18,858 18,340 18,339 3.47 US Foot and Ankle Specialists, LLC First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.25 9.69 9 15 2026 16,598 5,908 5,913 1.12 US Foot and Ankle Specialists, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.25 9.69 9 15 2026 2,699 631 635 0.12 US Foot and Ankle Specialists, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.25 9.69 9 15 2026 21,020 20,672 20,705 3.91 217,286 217,773 41.18 Health care technology AHR Intermediate, Inc (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.75 10.19 7 29 2027 5,202 (31) (47) (0.01) AHR Intermediate, Inc First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.19 7 29 2027 7,708 630 697 0.13 AHR Intermediate, Inc First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.19 7 29 2027 24,292 24,012 24,050 4.55 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Company (1)(2) 
 Investment Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate Maturity Date Principal Par Amount(3) Amortized Cost(4) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets 24,611 24,700 4.67 Household durables CPS Power Buyer, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.50 10.89 9 26 2027 3,018 (57) (53) (0.01) CPS Power Buyer, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 10.89 9 26 2027 1,687 (32) (29) (0.01) CPS Power Buyer, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 10.89 9 26 2027 5,118 5,019 5,028 0.95 Kwalu, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.84 9 23 2027 5,061 (96) (88) (0.02) Kwalu, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.84 9 23 2027 24,836 24,363 24,405 4.61 MacKenzie Childs Acquisition, Inc. First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.73 9 2 2027 3,374 2,877 2,883 0.55 MacKenzie Childs Acquisition, Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.73 9 2 2027 18,063 17,807 17,842 3.37 49,881 49,988 9.44 IT services ARC Healthcare Technologies, LLC First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.25 10.09 6 22 2025 7,340 661 668 0.13 ARC Healthcare Technologies, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.25 10.09 6 22 2025 3,341 (34) (30) (0.01) ARC Healthcare Technologies, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.25 10.09 6 22 2025 23,421 23,173 23,210 4.39 Icreon Holdings, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 10.94 10 26 2027 1,049 (25) (25) 0.00 Icreon Holdings, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 10.94 10 26 2027 8,265 8,063 8,063 1.52 31,838 31,886 6.03 Machinery Double E Company, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.00 10.55 6 21 2028 1,969 (17) (14) 0.00 Double E Company, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan P + 5.00 12.50 6 21 2028 3,044 671 677 0.13 Double E Company, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.55 6 21 2028 17,455 17,290 17,337 3.28 17,944 18,000 3.41 Media Optimized Marketing Acquisition, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.97 8 19 2027 3,383 1,460 1,465 0.28 Optimized Marketing Acquisition, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.97 8 19 2027 26,168 25,664 25,717 4.86 RKD Group, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.00 10.73 8 17 2028 4,905 (69) (60) (0.01) RKD Group, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.00 10.73 8 17 2028 33,676 33,191 33,260 6.29 WTWH Buyer, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 11.26 12 16 2027 1,638 (41) (41) (0.01) WTWH Buyer, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 11.26 12 16 2027 10,196 9,942 9,941 1.88 70,147 70,282 13.29 Professional services Helpware, Inc. First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.59 9 8 2026 5,061 1,792 1,800 0.34 Helpware, Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.41 9 8 2026 14,114 13,934 13,956 2.64 15,726 15,756 2.98 Software Shasta Buyer, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.25 11.09 8 9 2028 2,199 196 199 0.04 Shasta Buyer, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.25 11.09 8 9 2028 11,663 11,436 11,462 2.17 11,632 11,661 2.21 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

Company (1)(2) 
 Investment Reference Rate and Spread Interest Rate Maturity Date Principal Par Amount(3) Amortized Cost(4) Fair Value Percentage of Net Assets Specialty retail Soccer Post Acquisition, LLC First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 5.75 10.91 6 30 2027 1,520 1,420 1,422 0.27 Soccer Post Acquisition, LLC First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 5.75 10.59 6 30 2027 1,741 1,017 1,020 0.19 Soccer Post Acquisition, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 5.75 10.59 6 30 2027 7,590 7,465 7,480 1.41 9,902 9,922 1.87 Trading companies and distributors Ascent Lifting, Inc. (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 10.17 9 9 2027 1,350 (25) (23) 0.00 Ascent Lifting, Inc. First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 10.17 9 9 2027 5,118 5,019 5,029 0.95 NEFCO Holding Company, LLC First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.50 9.87 8 5 2028 2,631 2,611 2,585 0.49 NEFCO Holding Company, LLC First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.50 9.87 8 5 2028 2,192 124 122 0.02 NEFCO Holding Company, LLC (6) First lien senior secured delayed draw term loan S + 6.50 11.30 8 5 2024 2,192 (40) (38) (0.01) NEFCO Holding Company, LLC (6) First lien senior secured revolving loan S + 6.50 11.30 8 5 2028 3,045 (57) (52) (0.01) NEFCO Holding Company, LLC First lien senior secured term loan S + 6.50 11.30 8 5 2028 14,469 14,186 14,222 2.69 21,818 21,845 4.13 Total non-controlled non-affiliated senior secured debt 795,429 797,019 150.70 Non-controlled affiliated investments Multisector holdings Twin Brook Equity Holdings, LLC(9)(10) Equity - 5.09 membership interest 27,234 27,468 5.19 Total non-controlled affiliated investments 27,234 27,468 5.19 Total investments 822,663 824,487 155.89 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, all investments are considered Level 3 investments. Under section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, we may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time such acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of our total assets. The status of these assets under the 1940 Act is subject to change. The Company monitors the status of these assets on an ongoing basis. As of December 31, 2022, there were no non-qualifying assets. 
 (2) Unless otherwise indicated, all investments represent co-investments made with the Company s affiliates in accordance with the terms of the exemptive relief that the Company received from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Refer to Note 6 for further information. 
 (3) Principal par amount is denominated in U.S. Dollars unless otherwise noted. 
 (4) The amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for the amortization of discounts and premiums, as applicable, on debt investments using the effective interest method. 
 (5) Unless otherwise indicated, the interest rate on the principal balance outstanding for all floating rate loans is indexed to the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR or S and or an alternate base rate (e.g. prime rate P )), which typically resets semiannually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower s option. The applicable base rate may be subject to a floor. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the applicable margin has been provided over Term SOFR based on each respective credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the reference rates for the floating rate loans were the Term SOFR of 4.30 and the Prime Rate of 7.50 . 
 (6) Represents revolvers and delayed draw term loans where the entire balance is unfunded as of December 31, 2022. The negative fair value is a result of the commitment being valued below par. Refer to Note 7 for further information. 
 (7) Principal balance includes reserve for letter of credit of 265,760 on which the borrower pays 5.75 . 
 (8) Principal balance includes reserve for letter of credit of 155,534 on which the borrower pays 6.00 . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

(9) As a practical expedient, the Company uses net asset value NAV to determine the fair value of this investment. Consistent with FASB guidance under ASC 820, these investments are excluded from the hierarchical levels. This represents an investment in an affiliated fund. 
 (10) Securities exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), and may be deemed to be restricted securities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate fair value of these securities is 27,468 or 5.19 of the Company's net assets. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. Organization 
 
 AGTB Private BDC (the Company or Private BDC is a Delaware statutory trust which was formed on January 27, 2022 (date of inception). The Company has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, for tax purposes, the Company will elect to be treated as a Regulated Investment Company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Company is a specialty finance company focused on lending to U.S. middle market companies with between 3 million and 50 million in annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA however, the Company intends to focus its investing in companies with EBITDA of less than 25 million. The Company s investment objective is to generate attractive, consistent, total returns, predominantly in the form of current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation, by targeting investment opportunities with favorable risk-adjusted returns. The Company invests primarily in senior secured debt, and may also take advantage of opportunistic investments in other parts of the capital structure, including senior secured stretch and unitranche facilities, second lien loans, mezzanine and mezzanine-related loans, and equity investments. 
 
 AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (the Adviser ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon & Co., L.P. Angelo Gordon ), serves as the investment adviser of the Company. The Adviser is registered as an investment adviser with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 
 
 The Company conducts private offerings (each, a Private Offering ), where investors make a capital commitment to purchase the Company s common shares of beneficial interest the common shares pursuant to a subscription agreement entered into with the Company. Investors will be required to make capital contributions to purchase the Company s common shares each time the Company delivers a drawdown notice. The initial closing of the Private Offering occurred on April 19, 2022 (the Initial Closing ), and additional closings of the Private Offering are expected to occur from time to time as determined by the Company, until and including the twelve-month anniversary of the Initial Closing. The Adviser does not intend to list the common shares on any securities exchange and the common shares will not be publicly traded. 
 
 The Company commenced its loan origination and investment activities with the initial drawdown from investors in a Private Offering on May 10, 2022 (the commencement of operations). The Company made its first portfolio company investment in May 2022 . 
 
 On January 1, 2023, the Company, completed its merger (the Merger with AG Twin Brook Capital Income Fund, a Delaware statutory trust TCAP ), with TCAP continuing as the surviving company and the Company continuing as the accounting survivor. The Merger was completed pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated December 30, 2022, by and between TCAP and Private BDC. TCAP is a public, non-exchange traded BDC, with the same investment manager and investment objective as Private BDC. 
 
 The Boards of Trustees of both TCAP and Private BDC (each, a Board and together the Boards ), in each case, including the majority of the trustees who are not interested persons (as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act )), approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, consistent with the requirements under Rule 17a-8 of the 1940 Act. As a result, and as previously disclosed in TCAP s registration statement on Form N-2, the Merger did not require shareholder approval by the shareholders of either TCAP or Private BDC for the Merger to be effected. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties by each of TCAP and Private BDC. The Merger Agreement also contains customary covenants, including, among others, covenants relating to the operation of each of TCAP s and Private BDC s businesses during the period prior to the closing of the Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TCAP and Private BDC intend the Merger to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and each received an opinion to that effect from Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett LLP in connection with the closing. 
 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TCAP and Private BDC caused the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger (the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 30, 2022. The Merger became effective on January 1, 2023 (the Effective Time ), as agreed to by the parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Private BDC withdrew its BDC election and deregistered its 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share AGTB Common Shares by filing forms N-54C and 15-12G with the SEC on January 5, 2023. 
 
 At the Effective Time, common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of Private BDC outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time were converted into a number of Class I common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.001 per share, of TCAP (the TCAP Common Shares equal to a ratio of one to one. As a result, TCAP issued an aggregate of approximately 20,943,030 TCAP Common Shares to former Private BDC shareholders. The TCAP Common Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time remained outstanding upon the Effective Time and were unaffected by the Merger. As a result, immediately following the Merger, TCAP had approximately 20,945,030 Class I Common Shares outstanding, and no Class S or D Common Shares outstanding. 
 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Accounting 
 The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The Company is an investment company and accordingly follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies. These consolidated financial statements reflect adjustments that in the opinion of management are necessary for the fair statement of the financial position and results of operations for the periods presented herein. The Company commenced operations on May 10, 2022 and its fiscal year ends on December 31. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The Company conducts certain of its activities through its wholly-owned subsidiaries Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC, Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp.,Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC, and Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII ASPV, LLC. The Company consolidates subsidiaries that are controlled by the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Cash 
 Cash is comprised of cash on deposit with major financial institutions. The Company places its cash with high credit quality institutions to minimize credit risk exposure. 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash represents cash held through certain of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries that may only be used to purchase additional collateral loans, pay accrued interest on advances, fund certain expenses, and prepay outstanding advances in connection with the Company s asset facilities. 
 Investment Related Transactions, Revenue Recognition and Expenses 
 Investment transactions and the related revenue and expenses are recorded on a trade-date basis. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are determined using the specific identification method. All costs associated with consummated investments are included in the cost of such investments. Broken deal expenses incurred in connection with investment transactions which are not successfully consummated are expensed as a component of Other expense on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Interest income and interest expense are recognized on an accrual basis. Interest income on debt instruments is accrued and recognized for those issuers who are currently paying in full or expected to pay in full. For those issuers who are in default or expected to default, interest is not accrued and is only recognized when received. Interest income and expense include discounts accreted and premiums amortized on certain debt instruments as determined in good faith by the Company and calculated using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees, original issue discounts and market discounts or premiums are capitalized as part of the underlying cost of the investments and accreted or amortized over the life of the investment as interest income. 
 Paydown gains and losses on investments in debt instruments are reported in Interest income on the consolidated statement of operations. Interest received in-kind, computed at the contractual rate specified in each investment agreement, is added to the principal balance of the investment and reported as Interest income on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company records dividend income from private securities pursuant to the terms of the respective investments. 
 The Company may earn various fees during the life of the loans. Such fees include, but are not limited to, syndication, commitment, administration, prepayment and amendment fees, some of which are paid to the Company on an ongoing basis. These fees and any other income are recognized as earned as a component of Other income on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 The Company applies Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ), as amended, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP and required disclosures of fair value measurements. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company discloses the fair value of its investments in a hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure the fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to valuations based upon unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to valuations based upon unobservable inputs that are significant to the valuation (Level 3 measurements). ASC 820 establishes three levels of the fair value hierarchy as follows 
 Level 1 Inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date 
 Level 2 Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability either directly or indirectly, including inputs in markets that are not considered to be active 
 Level 3 Inputs that are unobservable. 
 Inputs are used in applying the various valuation techniques and broadly refer to the assumptions that market participants use to make valuation decisions, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may include price information, volatility statistics, interest rates, specific and broad credit data, liquidity statistics, and other factors. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement however, the determination of what constitutes observable requires significant judgment by the Company. The Company considers observable data to be market data which is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not proprietary, and provided by independent sources that are actively involved in the relevant market. The categorization of a financial instrument within the hierarchy is based upon the pricing transparency of the instrument and does not necessarily correspond to the Company s perceived risk of that instrument. 
 The availability of observable inputs can vary from product to product and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including for example, the type of product, whether the product is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company, the Board, and the Adviser in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Investments in investment funds include vehicles structured for the purpose of investing in privately held common and preferred equity interests. Fair values are generally determined utilizing the net asset value NAV supplied by, or on behalf of, management of each investment fund, which is net of management and incentive fees or allocations charged by the investment fund, if applicable, and is in accordance with the practical expedient , as defined by FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2009-12, Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate NAV per Share. NAVs received by, or on behalf of, management of each investment fund are based on the fair value of the investment funds underlying investments in accordance with policies established by management of each investment fund, as described in each of their financial statements and offering memorandum. Withdrawals and distributions from investments in investment funds are at the discretion of the Adviser and may depend on the liquidation of underlying assets. Investments which are valued using NAV as a practical expedient are excluded from the above hierarchy. 
 
 The Board has designated the Adviser as its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a-5 ), and in that role, the Adviser is responsible for performing fair value determinations relating to all of the Company s investments, including periodically assessing and managing any material valuation risks and establishing and applying fair value methodologies, in accordance with valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board. Even though the Board designated the Adviser as valuation designee the Board is ultimately responsible for fair value determinations under the 1940 Act. 
 Under the valuation policies and procedures that have been approved by the Board, the Adviser conducts a multi-step valuation process, which includes, among other procedures, the following 
 The valuation process begins with each investment being initially valued using certain inputs provided by the investment professionals responsible for the portfolio investment in conjunction with the portfolio management team. 
 The Adviser s management reviews the preliminary valuations with the investment professionals. 
 The Adviser determines the fair value of each investment valuations that are not based on readily available market quotations are valued in good faith, based on, among other things, the input of the Adviser and, where applicable, other third parties. Valuation determinations are presented to the Board. 
 When determining the fair value of Level 3 investments, the Adviser may take into account the following factors, where relevant recent transactions, the enterprise value of the underlying company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the underlying company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the underlying company does business, financial covenants, the seniority of the financial instrument in the capital structure of the company, comparisons to publicly traded securities, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made and other relevant factors. The primary method for determining enterprise value uses a multiple analysis whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ). The enterprise value analysis is performed to determine the value of equity investments and to determine if debt investments are credit impaired. If debt investments are credit impaired, the Adviser will use the enterprise value analysis or a liquidation basis analysis to determine fair value. For debt investments that are not determined to be credit impaired, the Adviser uses a market interest rate yield analysis to determine fair value. 
 The Company s investments trade infrequently and when they are traded, the price may be unobservable, and as a result, multiple external pricing sources may not be available. In such instances, the Adviser may use an internal pricing model as either a corroborating or sole data point in determining the price. Pricing models take into account the contractual terms of the financial instrument, as well as relevant inputs, including where applicable, equity prices, interest rate yield curves, credit curves, correlation, and the creditworthiness of the counterparty. The Adviser generally engages third party firm(s) to assist in validating certain financial instruments where multiple external prices cannot be obtained. The third party firm(s) either independently determine prices or assess the reasonableness of the Adviser s prices. The analyses provided by such third party firm(s) are reviewed and considered by the Adviser. As part of the risk management process, the Adviser reviews and analyzes the prices obtained from external pricing sources to evaluate their reliability and accuracy, which includes identifying and excluding vendor prices and broker quotations that the Adviser believes does not reflect fair value. In addition, the Adviser s valuation committee meets regularly and engages in ongoing reviews of the valuation processes and procedures including reviews of methodology, ongoing accuracy, source quality and independence. Such reviews include, but are not limited to, comparison of current vendor prices and broker quotations against ongoing daily trading activity, vendor due diligence, and back testing. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure. Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, the assumptions are set to reflect those that the Company believes market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Amounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD on the following basis (i) investments and other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD based upon currency exchange rates effective on the last business day of the period and (ii) purchases and sales of investments, borrowings and repayments of such borrowings, income, and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into USD based upon currency exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. 
 The Company does not isolate the portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations are included within net realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments on the consolidated statement of operations. Unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency holdings and non-investment assets and liabilities attributable to the changes in foreign currency exchange rates are included in the net change in unrealized gain (loss) on foreign currency translation on the consolidated statements of operations. Net realized gains and losses on foreign currency holdings and non-investment assets and liabilities attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates are included in net realized gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Foreign security and currency translations may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and U.S. government securities. These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 
 Organizational Costs 
 Organizational costs to establish the Company are charged to expense as incurred. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs of organizing the Company. 
 Offering Costs 
 Offering costs in connection with the offering of common shares of the Company are capitalized as a deferred charge and amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over a twelve-month period. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs incurred with the Company s share offerings, the preparation of the Company s registration statement, and registration fees. 
 Deferred Financing Costs 
 Deferred financing costs consist of financing costs incurred in connection with obtaining the Company s financing facilities. Such financing costs are capitalized and amortized over the life of the facility utilizing the straight-line method. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company paid approximately 9.0 million of financing costs. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company amortized approximately 1.1 million of financing costs, which have been included in Interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Deferred Income 
 Deferred income consists of annual administrative agent fees received in connection with the servicing of certain loan investments. Such fees are deferred when received and recognized as earned over the applicable period. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company received approximately 728,000 of agent fees. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, approximately 114,000 of agent fees have been recognized as earned and included in Other income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The Company also intends to be treated as a Regulated Investment Company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As a RIC, the Company generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes timely to its shareholders as dividends. To the extent the Company qualifies as a RIC, any tax liability related to income earned and distributed by the Company represents obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 To qualify as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment, the Company must distribute to its shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of its investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses. The Company will generally be subject to a 4 non-deductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income or gains in respect of any calendar year, unless it distributes annually an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending on October 31 in such calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following taxable year and pay the applicable U.S. federal excise tax. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company did not accrue U.S. federal excise tax. 
 The Company conducts certain of its activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp., a Delaware C corporation. Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp. is treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes and is subject to U.S. federal, state or local income tax. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company accrued 217,000 of U.S. federal tax expense related to Twin Brook Equity XXXIII Corp., which is included in Other expense on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are reserved and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes are included in income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. There were no tax penalties, and no interest associated with income taxes incurred through December 31, 2022. 
 Loan Syndications and Participations 
 The Company may originate certain loans and then syndicate all or a portion of those loans to a third party. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company earned approximately 2.7 million of syndication and other origination fee income, which is included in Other income on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 The Company follows the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 860 Transfers and Servicing when accounting for loan participations and other partial loan sales. Such guidance requires a participation or other partial loan sale to meet the definition of a participating interest, as defined in the guidance, in order for sale treatment to be allowed. Participations or other partial loan sales that do not meet the definition of a participating interest remain on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities and the proceeds are recorded as a secured borrowing until the definition is met. Secured borrowings are carried at fair value to correspond with the related investments, which are carried at fair value. There were no participations that were accounted for as secured borrowings during the period. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to common shareholders are recorded on the record date. The amount to be distributed, if any, is determined by the Board each quarter. The Company intends to distribute net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually out of the assets legally available for such distributions. However, the 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Company may decide in the future to retain such capital gains for investment, incur a corporate-level tax on such capital gains, and elect to treat such capital gains as deemed distributions to stockholders. 
 
 Note 3. Investments 
 Under the 1940 Act, the Company is required to separately identify non-controlled investments where it owns 5 or more of a portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company as investments in affiliated companies. In addition, under the 1940 Act, the Company is required to separately identify investments where it owns more than 25 of a portfolio company s outstanding voting securities and or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company as investments in controlled companies. Under the 1940 Act, non-affiliated investments are defined as investments that are neither controlled investments nor affiliated investments. Detailed information with respect to the Company s non-controlled, non-affiliated non-controlled, affiliated and controlled affiliated investments is contained in the consolidated financial statements, including the consolidated schedule of investments. The information in the tables below is presented on an aggregate portfolio basis, without regard to whether they are non-controlled, non-affiliated non-controlled, affiliated or controlled affiliated investments. 
 Investments at fair value and amortized cost consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value First lien senior secured debt 795,429 797,019 Investment in affiliated funds 27,234 27,468 Total investments 822,663 824,487 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 The industry composition of investments based on fair value as of December 31, 2022 was as follows 
 December 31, 2022 Air freight and logistics 2.4 Auto components 0.9 Chemicals 0.5 Commercial services and supplies 2.2 Construction and engineering 6.2 Containers and packaging 6.9 Diversified consumer services 6.1 Electrical equipment 1.2 Electronic equipment, instruments and components 1.3 Food and staples retailing 3.5 Food products 4.1 Health care equipment and supplies 4.1 Health care providers and services 26.4 Health care technology 3.0 Household durables 6.1 IT services 3.9 Machinery 2.2 Media 8.5 Multisector holdings 3.3 Professional services 1.9 Software 1.4 Specialty retail 1.2 Trading companies and distributors 2.7 Total 100.0 
 As of December 31, 2022, 100 of investments held were based in the United States. 
 
 Note 4. Fair Value of Investments 
 Fair Value Disclosures 
 The following table presents the fair value hierarchy of financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 
 Assets at Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total First lien senior secured debt 797,019 797,019 Total 797,019 797,019 Investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 27,468 Total financial instruments, at fair value 824,487 
 (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using NAV have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 The following tables present changes in the fair value of investments for which Level 3 inputs were used to determine the fair value for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 
 Level 3 Assets at Fair Value for the Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) Balance 1 27 2022 Purchases and Drawdowns Sales and Paydowns Other Realized Gains (Losses) Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Balance 12 31 2022 Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) for Level 3 Assets Still Held as of 12 31 2022 First lien senior secured debt 881,853 (87,923) 1,327 172 1,590 797,019 1,590 Total 881,853 (87,923) 1,327 172 1,590 797,019 1,590 
 Gains and losses are included in their respective captions in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Includes accretion, paydown gains (losses) and interest received in-kind on debt instruments, where applicable. 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 In accordance with ASC 820, the following tables provide quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs of the Company s Level 3 investments as of December 31, 2022. The table is not intended to be all-inclusive but instead capture the significant unobservable inputs relevant to the Company s determination of fair value. 
 Asset Class Fair Value as of 12 31 22 Valuation Techniques Significant Unobservable Inputs Input Ranges Weighted 
 Average (1) 
 Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input (Amounts in thousands) First lien senior secured debt 529,200 Discounted cash flow Yield 9.7 - 13.0 10.7 Decrease 529,200 
 (1) Weighted average is calculated by weighing the significant unobservable input by the relative fair value of each investment in the category. 
 The Company s other Level 3 investments have been valued primarily using recent transactions. The significant unobservable input used in the discounted cash flow is the yield. The yield is used to discount the estimated future cash flows expected to be received from the underlying investment. The Company considers the portfolio company performance since close, the leverage used by the portfolio company relative to its total enterprise value and other risks associated with an investment in determining the yield. 
 
 Note 5. Debt 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, the Company can borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after such borrowings, subject to certain limitations. 
 On June 10, 2022, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility (the Subscription Facility with Morgan Stanley Asset Funding Inc., as the administrative agent and sole lead arranger, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. as the letter of credit issuer and a lender. The Subscription Facility enabled the Company to request loans from the administrative agent up to a maximum commitment of 75 million. The borrowings under the Subscription Facility were collateralized by the eligible unfunded capital commitments of investors in the Company. The total amount available under the Subscription Facility may be reduced as a result of decreases in the unfunded capital commitments of investors in the Company as well as other provisions of the Subscription Facility. 
 Borrowings under the Subscription Facility bear interest at either (a) if the borrowing is a Term SOFR loan with an interest period of one-month, Term SOFR plus 226.448 basis points (2.26448 per annum , (b) if the borrowing is a Term SOFR 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 loan with an interest period of three-months, Term SOFR plus 241.161 basis points (2.4161 per annum , or (c) if the borrowing is a base rate loan, 215 basis points (2.15 per annum . The Company may also draw letters of credit with a fee set at 215 basis points (2.15 per annum . In addition, the Company accrued an unused commitment fee to the administrative agent at the rate of (a) from June 10, 2022 until December 31, 2022 (the Trigger Date ), 25 basis points (0.25 per annum multiplied by the unused portion of the maximum commitment and (b) after the Trigger Date, (i) 35 basis points (0.35 per annum multiplied by the unused portion of the maximum commitment when the unused commitment of the lenders is greater than fifty percent (50 of the maximum commitment or (ii) 25 basis points (0.25 per annum multiplied by the unused portion of the maximum commitment when the unused commitment of the lenders is less than or equal to fifty percent (50 of the maximum commitment. On October 21, 2022, the Company terminated the Subscription Facility with Morgan Stanley Asset Funding Inc. 
 On June 17, 2022, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII MSPV, LLC, as borrower (the MSPV Borrower ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a new loan and servicing agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the MSPV Credit Facility with Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII, LLC, as the transferor (the Transferor ), AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, as the servicer, Morgan Stanley Asset Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, the lenders from time to time party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent, account bank and collateral custodian. 
 From time to time, the Transferor expects to sell and or contribute certain investments to the MSPV Borrower. Proceeds from the MSPV Credit Facility will be used to finance the origination and acquisition of loans by the MSPV Borrower, including the purchase of such assets from the Transferor. The Company retains a residual interest in assets contributed to or acquired by the MSPV Borrower through its ownership of the MSPV Borrower. 
 The MSPV Credit Facility created a revolving loan facility with an initial maximum principal amount of 300 million, subject to availability under a borrowing base which consists primarily of commercial loans acquired by the MSPV Borrower from the Transferor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The MSPV Borrower may, subject to the applicable prepayment premium, prepay the loans and or terminate or reduce the revolving commitments under the MSPV Credit Facility at any time without penalty. The obligation of the lenders to make revolving commitments under the MSPV Credit Facility will terminate on June 17, 2025 (the Reinvestment Period with a scheduled final maturity date of June 17, 2027. The revolving loans are subject to an interest rate, during the Reinvestment Period, of Term SOFR plus 2.25 per annum and thereafter, term SOFR plus 2.75 per annum. 
 
 On October 28, 2022, the MSPV Borrower entered into Amendment No. 1 of the MSPV Credit Facility, that increased the borrowing capacity by 200 million to an aggregate principal amount of 500 million, subject to availability under the borrowing base. With this amendment, the revolving loans will be subject to an interest rate, during the Reinvestment Period, of Term SOFR plus 2.50 per annum and thereafter, Term SOFR plus 3.00 per annum. The other material terms of the agreement were unchanged. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, Twin Brook Capital Funding XXXIII ASPV, LLC, as borrower (the ASPV Borrower ), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a new Loan, Security and Collateral Management Agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ASPV Credit Facility ), with the Transferor, AGTB Fund Manager, LLC, as the collateral manager, Ally Bank, as administrative agent and arranger, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral custodian, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. 
 
 From time to time, the Transferor expects to sell and or contribute certain investments to the ASPV Borrower. Proceeds from the ASPV Credit Facility will be used to finance the origination and acquisition of loans by the ASPV Borrower, including the purchase of such assets from the Transferor. The Company retains a residual interest in assets contributed to or acquired by the ASPV Borrower through its ownership of the ASPV Borrower. 
 
 The ASPV Credit Facility created a revolving loan facility with an initial maximum principal amount of 300 million, subject to availability under a borrowing base which consists primarily of commercial loans acquired by the ASPV Borrower from the Transferor, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The ASPV Borrower may, subject to the applicable prepayment premium, prepay the loans and or terminate or reduce the revolving commitments under the ASPV Credit Facility at any time without penalty. The obligation of the lenders to make revolving commitments under the ASPV 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Credit Facility will terminate on December 12, 2025 (the Reinvestment Period with a scheduled final maturity date of December 12, 2027. The revolving loans will be subject to an interest rate of daily simple SOFR plus 2.875 per annum. 
 
 The ASPV Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of the ASPV Borrower and a pledge of equity interests in the ASPV Borrower. Borrowings under the ASPV Credit Facility are considered the Company s borrowings for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there are approximately 20 million in borrowings outstanding on the ASPV Credit Facility, and 303.2 borrowings outstanding on the MSPV Credit Facility. The Company incurred approximately 6.7 million of interest and unused commitment fees for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 , which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statement of operations. The carrying values of borrowings outstanding under the debt facilities approximate fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the asset coverage ratio was 263.6 . 
 
 Debt obligations consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Maximum Principal Amount Committed Principal Amount Outstanding Principal Amount Available (1) 
 Carrying Value ASPV Credit Facility 300,000 20,000 311 20,000 MSPV Credit Facility 500,000 303,200 130,417 303,200 Total debt 800,000 323,200 130,728 323,200 
 (1) The amount available reflects any limitations related to the facilities borrowing bases. 
 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the components of interest expense were as follows 
 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Interest expense 7,066 Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,106 Total interest expense 8,172 Average interest rate 5.54 Average daily borrowings 114,023 
 
 Note 6. Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 Administration Agreement 
 On April 19, 2022, the Company entered into an Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement with AGTB Fund Manager, LLC (the Administrator ). Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, required administrative services, which include providing office space, equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing reports to shareholders and reports filed with the SEC, and managing the payment of expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. 
 The Company reimburses the Administrator for services performed for it pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Administrator may delegate its obligations under the Administration Agreement to an affiliate or to a third party and the Company will reimburse the Administrator for any services performed for it by such affiliate or third party. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Administration Agreement will remain in effect until March 17, 2024 and from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the vote of the Board of Trustees of the Company and the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Trustees. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Administration Agreement terminated at the Effective Time of the Merger. 
 No person who is an officer, director, or employee of the Administrator or its affiliates and who serves as a trustee of the Company receives any compensation from the Company for his or her services as a trustee. However, the Company reimburses the Administrator (or its affiliates) for an allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Administrator or its affiliates to the Company s officers who provide operational and administrative services, as well as their respective staffs and other professionals who provide services to the Company, who assist with the preparation, coordination and administration of the foregoing or provide other back office or middle office , financial or operational services to the Company (based on the percentage of time those individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to the business and affairs of the Company). Trustees who are not affiliated with the Administrator receive compensation for their services and reimbursement of expenses incurred to attend meetings. 
 
 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Administrator charged approximately 518,000 for certain costs and expenses allocable to the Company under the terms of the Administration Agreement. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 On April 19, 2022, the Company entered into an Investment Management Agreement (the Investment Management Agreement with the Adviser. Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for originating prospective investments, conducting research and due diligence investigations on potential investments, analyzing investment opportunities, negotiating and structuring the Company s investments and monitoring the Company s investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Investment Management Agreement will remain in effect until March 17, 2024 and from year to year thereafter if approved annually by the vote of the Board of Trustees of the Company or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company, and the vote of a majority of the Company s Independent Trustees. The Investment Management Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of assignment. The Investment Management Agreement may be terminated by any of the following (1) the Company without penalty on 60 days written notice (2) by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or by the vote of the Company s trustees or (3) by the Adviser on 120 days written notice. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Investment Management Agreement terminated at the Effective Time of the Merger. 
 From time to time, the Adviser may pay amounts owed by the Company to third-party providers of goods or services, including the Board, and the Company will subsequently reimburse the Adviser for such amounts paid on its behalf. Amounts payable to the Adviser are settled in the normal course of business without formal payment terms. 
 The Investment Management Agreement also provides that the Company reimburses the Adviser for certain organizational costs incurred prior to the commencement of the Company s operations, and for certain offering costs. The Company has agreed to repay the Adviser for initial organizational and offering costs up to a maximum of 1.25 million, with the Adviser bearing any organizational and offering costs in excess of such amount. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 1.3 million payable to the Adviser for organizational, offering and operating costs, which is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities payable to affiliate and due to affiliate on the statement of assets and liabilities. 
 Under the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, the Company will pay the Adviser a base management fee and may also pay to it certain incentive fees. The cost of both the base management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by the Company s shareholders. 
 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.25 of the Company s net assets. For services rendered under the Investment Management Agreement, the base management fee is payable monthly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the Company s net assets at the first business day of the applicable month. For the first calendar month in which the Company has operations, net assets will be measured as the beginning net assets as of the 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 date on which the Company begins operations. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 
 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company accrued approximately 2.3 million of base management fees payable to the Adviser. As of December 31, 2022, base management fees payable by the Company to the Adviser were approximately 1.4 million. 
 Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, the Adviser is entitled to an incentive fee Incentive Fee ), which consists of two components an incentive fee based on income and an incentive fee based on capital gains. 
 The portion based on the Company s income is based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns means, as the context requires, either the dollar value of, or percentage rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter from, interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued for the quarter (including the management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement entered into between the Company and the Administrator, and any interest expense or fees on any credit facilities or outstanding debt and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding the incentive fee and any shareholder servicing and or distribution fees). 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns include, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. The impact of expense support payments and recoupments are also excluded from Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, expressed as a rate of return on the value of the Company s net assets at the end of the immediate preceding quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of return of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized). 
 The Company will pay the Adviser an incentive fee quarterly in arrears with respect to the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in each calendar quarter as follows 
 No incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns in any calendar quarter in which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns do not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.25 per quarter (5.0 annualized) (the hurdle rate or Hurdle 
 100 of the dollar amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle but is less than a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). The Company refers to this portion of its Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 1.43 as the catch-up. The catch-up is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 12.5 of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeds 1.43 in any calendar quarter and 12.5 of the dollar amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns, if any, that exceed a rate of return of 1.43 (5.72 annualized). This reflects that once the Hurdle is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 12.5 of all Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Returns thereafter are allocated to the Adviser. 
 These calculations are pro-rated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter. 
 The second component of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears. The amount payable equals 12.5 of cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of such calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid incentive fee on capital gains as calculated in accordance with GAAP. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a capital gains incentive fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company accrued approximately 2.1 million of income based incentive fees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1.4 million of income incentive fees payable. For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Company accrued capital gains incentive fees of 249,000, of which 249,000 were unpaid as of December 31, 2022, and none of which were payable to the Advisor. 
 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 The Company entered into an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with the Adviser on April 19, 2022. The Adviser may elect to pay certain expenses (each, an Expense Payment ), provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest or distributions and or shareholder servicing fees of the Company. Any Expense Payment that the Adviser has committed to pay must be paid by the Adviser to the Company in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment was made in writing, and or offset against amounts due from the Company to the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 
 Following any calendar month in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s shareholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar month (the amount of such excess being hereinafter referred to as Excess Operating Funds ), the Company shall pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to the Adviser until such time as all Expense Payments made by the Adviser to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar month have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company shall be referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment . Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 
 No Reimbursement Payment for any month will be made if (1) the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share (as defined below) declared by the Company at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is less than the Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates, or (2) the Operating Expense Ratio (as defined below) at the time of such Reimbursement Payment is greater than the Operating Expense Ratio at the time the Expense Payment was made to which such Reimbursement Payment relates. Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, Effective Rate of Distributions Per Share means the annualized rate (based on a 365 day year) of regular cash distributions per share exclusive of returns of capital, distribution rate reductions due to distribution and shareholder fees, and declared special dividends or special distributions, if any. The Operating Expense Ratio is calculated by dividing operating expenses, less organizational and offering expenses, base management and incentive fees owed to Adviser, and interest expense, by net assets. 
 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment shall automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar month, except to the extent the Adviser has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable month. 
 
 For the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, no such Expense Payments were made by the Adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Expense Support Agreement terminated at the Effective Time of the Merger. 
 Affiliated Transactions 
 The Company may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with its affiliates without prior approval of the Company s Independent Trustees, and in some cases, the prior approval of the SEC. The Company intends to rely on exemptive relief that has been granted by the SEC to the Company, the Adviser, and Angelo Gordon to permit the Company to co-invest with other funds managed by the Adviser or Angelo Gordon, in a manner consistent with the Company s investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. 
 Pursuant to such exemptive relief, the Company is generally permitted to co-invest with certain of its affiliates if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Board make certain conclusions in connection with 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its shareholders and do not involve overreaching of the Company or its shareholders on the part of any person concerned, (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s shareholders and is consistent with its investment objective and strategies, and (3) the investment by its affiliates would not disadvantage the Company, and the Company s participation would not be on a basis different from or less advantageous than that on which its affiliates are investing. In certain situations where co-investment with one or more funds managed by Angelo Gordon is not permitted or appropriate, Angelo Gordon will need to decide which funds will proceed with the investment. Angelo Gordon will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures, which are designed to reasonably ensure that investment opportunities are allocated fairly and equitably among affiliated funds over time and in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 Investment in Affiliated Funds 
 Fair value as of December 31, 2022 and transactions for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 of the Company s investments in affiliates were as follows 
 Investment in Affiliated Funds at Fair Value for the Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands) Fair Value as of January 27, 2022 (Inception) Gross Additions Gross Reductions Net Realized Gain (Loss) Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 Dividend, Interest, PIK and Other Income Non-controlled affiliated investments Twin Brook Equity Holdings, LLC 27,234 234 27,468 Total non-controlled affiliated investments 27,234 234 27,468 
 
 Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Commitments 
 The Company s investment portfolio contains debt investments that are in the form of revolving lines of credit and unfunded delayed draw commitments, which require the Company to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms of the underlying loan agreements. 
 Unfunded portfolio company commitments and funded debt investments are presented on the consolidated schedule of investments and are fair valued. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation, if any, is included in the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities and consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following outstanding commitments to fund investments in current portfolio companies 
 Portfolio Company December 31, 2022 First lien senior secured debt (Amounts in thousands) ACES Intermediate, LLC 6,964 ADVI Health, LLC 1,062 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Portfolio Company December 31, 2022 AHR Intermediate, Inc 12,139 ARC Healthcare Technologies, LLC 9,947 Ascent Lifting, Inc. 1,345 Benefit Plan Administrators of Eau Claire, LLC 8,990 BPCP WLF Intermedco LLC 7,876 Bulk Lift International, LLC 1,748 Change Academy at Lake of the Ozarks, LLC 5,786 CPS Power Buyer, LLC 4,705 Custom Agronomics Holdings, LLC 2,312 Double E Company, LLC 4,314 Endodontic Practice Partners, LLC 6,696 Esquire Deposition Solutions, LLC 6,007 Helpware, Inc. 3,205 Icreon Holdings, LLC 1,049 Industrial Air Flow Dynamics, Inc. 2,114 IPC Pain Acquistion, LLC 11,945 Ironhorse Purchaser, LLC 11,624 ITSavvy LLC 4,784 K-1 Packaging Group, LLC 6,748 Kwalu, LLC 5,061 Load One Purchaser Corporation 9,214 MacKenzie Childs Acquisition, Inc. 445 Medical Technology Associates, Inc. 1,929 Nasco Healthcare Inc. 3,322 NEFCO Holding Company, LLC 7,270 NH Kronos Buyer, Inc. 12,443 Optimized Marketing Acquisition, LLC 1,861 Propio LS, LLC 905 Purpose Home Health Acquisition, LLC 8,600 Raneys, LLC 1,522 RKD Group, LLC 4,905 Rose Paving, LLC 2,006 Shasta Buyer, LLC 1,962 Sixarp, LLC 6,912 Soccer Post Acquisition, LLC 772 Spear Education Holdings, LLC 4,463 Sun Orchard, LLC 4,875 Surplus Solutions, LLC 1,771 Universal Pure, LLC 12,228 US Foot and Ankle Specialists, LLC 12,467 WCI Volt Purchaser, LLC 2,249 WTWH Buyer, LLC 1,638 Yard-Nique, Inc 6,695 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Portfolio Company December 31, 2022 Zipline Logistics, LLC 6,214 Total unfunded portfolio company commitments 243,089 
 Investor Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 529.3 million in total capital commitments from investors including a 4.0 million commitment from Angelo Gordon, all of which were drawn. 
 Two investors in the Company have ownership representing an aggregate of approximately 61.0 of the Company s total shares outstanding. Such concentration of share ownership could have a material effect on the Company. 
 Other Commitments and Contingencies 
 From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings during the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2022, management was not aware of any material pending or threatened litigation. 
 
 Note 8. Net Assets 
 Subscriptions and Drawdowns 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 20,943,030 shares issued and outstanding with a par value of 0.001 per share. 
 The Company has entered into subscription agreements with investors providing for the private placement of the Company s common shares. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, investors are required to fund drawdowns to purchase the Company s common shares up to the amount of their respective capital commitment on an as-needed basis each time the Adviser delivers a drawdown notice to such investors. 
 
 On February 17, 2022, the Adviser contributed 1,500 of capital to the company for the initial 60 common shares. During the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022, the Adviser delivered the following capital call notices to investors 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Capital Drawdown Notice Date Common Share Issuance Date Number of Common Shares Issued Aggregate Offering Price in millions) April 26, 2022 May 10, 2022 3,999,940 100.00 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 3,000,000 75.00 August 1, 2022 August 15, 2022 1,992,270 50.00 August 17, 2022 August 31, 2022 3,020,428 76.00 September 30, 2022 October 14, 2022 2,943,485 75.00 October 12, 2022 October 26, 2022 4,031,627 103.00 November 9, 2022 November 23, 2022 1,955,220 50.30 Total 20,942,970 529.30 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Dividends 
 The following table reflects dividends declared on AGTB Common Shares during the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 
 Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Date Declared Record Date Payment Date Dividend per Share December 19, 2022 December 30, 2022 January 31, 2023 0.75 

Note 9. Earnings Per Share 
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 15,302 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted 8,534,410 Earnings (loss) per common share - basic and diluted 1.79 
 
 Note 10. Income Taxes 
 All of the dividends declared for the years ended December 31, 2022 were derived from ordinary income, as determined on a tax basis. 
 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 The Company makes certain adjustments to the classification of net assets as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which include differences in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and nondeductible federal taxes or losses among other items. To the extent these differences are permanent, they are charged or credited to additional paid in capital or total distributable earnings (losses), as appropriate. There were 403,000 of permanent differences, primarily related to nondeductible offering costs, for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following reconciles the increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 (Amounts in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 (Amounts in thousands) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 15,302 Adjustments Net realized gain (loss) for tax not included in book realized income Net change in unrealized gain (loss) from investments transactions (1,824) Deferred organizational costs 372 Other nondeductible expenses 401 Net income from consolidated wholly-owned subsidiary 2 Taxable income (1) 
 14,253 
 
 (1) Taxable income is an estimate and is not fully determined until the Company's tax return is filed. 
 
 The component of accumulated undistributed (over-distributed) earnings (losses) as calculated on a tax basis for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows 
 
 (Amounts in thousands) December 31, 2022 (Over) Underdistributed ordinary income (1,454) Distributable capital gains Other temporary book tax differences (372) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 1,824 Total accumulated undistributed (over-distributed) earnings (2) 
 
 The cost and unrealized gain (loss) of the Company s investments, as calculated on a tax basis, as of December 31, 2022 was as follows 
 
 (Amounts in thousands) December 31, 2022 Tax cost 822,663 Gross unrealized appreciation 2,067 Gross unrealized depreciation (244) Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 1,824 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 AGTB Private BDC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Continued 

 Note 11. Financial Highlights 
 The following are financial highlights for a common share outstanding for the period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Period from January 27, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 Per share data Net asset value, beginning of period 25.00 Net investment income (loss) (1) 
 1.56 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) (2) 
 (0.56) Total from operations 1.00 Dividends declared (0.75) Total increase (decrease) in net assets 0.25 Net asset value, end of period 25.25 Shares outstanding, end of period 20,943,030 Total return (3)(4) 
 4.0 Ratios supplemental data Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (4)(5)(6) 
 5.6 Ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets (4)(5) 
 4.6 Net assets, end of period 528,895 Weighted average shares outstanding 8,534,410 Total capital commitments, end of period 529,300 Ratio of total contributed capital to total committed capital, end of period 100.0 Portfolio turnover rate (7) 
 10.7 Asset coverage ratio (8) 
 263.6 
 (1) The per share data was derived using the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. 
 (2) The amount shown at this caption includes the balancing amount derived from other figures in the schedule. The amount shown does not correspond with the aggregate amount for the period due to the effect of the timing of capital transactions. 
 (3) Total return is calculated as the change in net asset value NAV per share during the period, plus distributions per share, if any, divided by the opening NAV per share of 25.00. 
 (4) Not annualized. 
 (5) Average net assets are computed using the average balance of net assets at the end of each month of the reporting period, beginning with the first capital call on May 10, 2022. 
 (6) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets is computed using total expenses net of waivers from the Administrator, if applicable. 
 (7) Portfolio turnover rate is calculated using the lesser of total sales or total purchases over the average of the investments at fair value for the periods reported. 
 (8) Asset coverage ratio is equal to (i) the sum of (A) net assets at the end of the period and (B) total debt outstanding at the end of the period, divided by (ii) total debt outstanding at the end of the period. 
 
 Note 12. Subsequent Events 
 The Company s management evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. Other than the Merger as described in Note 1 - Organization, there have been no subsequent events that occurred that would require disclosure in, or would be required to be recognized in, these consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 agci-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 agci-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 agci-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

