<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1847903_0001847903-23-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16547059</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>978610</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9136711</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2941308</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1853907</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1479554</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001847903-23-000063.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330074444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001847903-23-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847903
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40445
		FILM NUMBER:		23777173

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR
		STREET 2:		1 ASHLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ALTRINCHAM, CHESHIRE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			WA14 2DT
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 7391 789784

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR
		STREET 2:		1 ASHLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ALTRINCHAM, CHESHIRE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			WA14 2DT

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Centessa Pharmaceuticals Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210224

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001847903-23-000063.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 cnta-20221231.htm
 10-K

cnta-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 , ext. 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of the American Depositary Shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer o 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the last reported sales price of the Registrant s ordinary shares, nominal value 0.002 per share, on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date, was approximately . 
 The registrant had outstandi ng ordinary shares as of March 15, 2023. 

Summary of the Material Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. These risks are described more fully in Item 1A - Risk Factors, and include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to use our differentiated asset-centric drug discovery and development approach to build a pipeline of product candidates with commercial value. 
 A single or limited number of programs or product candidates may comprise a large proportion of our value. 
 We face challenges, risks and expenses related to the integration of the operations of our asset-centric Centessa Subsidiaries, as well as the management of the expected growth in the scale and complexity of our operations. 
 We, and our subsidiaries have incurred net losses since inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We will need substantial additional funds to advance development of our product candidates, and we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available in the future to develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates. 
 Our credit facility and payment obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement with Oberland Capital contain operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities, are subject to acceleration in specified circumstances and may adversely affect our financial position or results of operations and our ability to raise additional capital which in turn may increase our vulnerability to adverse clinical or regulatory developments or economic or business downturns or which may result in Oberland Capital taking possession of our assets and disposing of any collateral. 
 Our product candidates are in various stages of development, including many in preclinical stages, and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially adversely affect their commercial viability. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify, discover, in-license or otherwise acquire additional product candidates and may fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may represent a greater commercial opportunity or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Success in preclinical studies or early clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later trials. 
 We may encounter substantial delays or challenges in the initiation, conduct or completion of our clinical trials, and the results of clinical development are uncertain. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of our product candidates. 
 We may be unable to obtain U.S. or foreign regulatory approval and, as a result, unable to commercialize our product candidates. 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies, clinical trials, and manufacturing activities and if these third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, our business could be substantially harmed. 
 Preclinical and clinical development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, we have terminated certain of our programs and may further terminate one or more of our current preclinical and/or clinical development programs. 
 We could experience manufacturing problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization of our programs or otherwise harm our business. 
 Summary of the Material Risks Associated with Our Business (continued) 
 Business interruptions resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak or similar public health crises or the Russia-Ukraine war could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and adversely impact our business. 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient patent and other intellectual property protection for our product candidates and technology or other product candidates that may be identified, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize product candidates similar or identical to the product candidates, and our ability to successfully commercialize the product candidates and other product candidates that we may pursue may be impaired. 
 The patent protection we obtain for our product candidates and technology may be challenged or not sufficient enough to provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 A number of our programs and associated product candidates are heavily dependent on licensed intellectual property. If we were to lose our rights to licensed intellectual property, we may not be able to continue developing or commercializing our product candidates, if approved. If we breach any of the agreements under which we license the use, development and commercialization rights to our product candidates or technology from third parties or, in certain cases, we fail to meet certain development deadlines, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate and we may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any of our products that receive regulatory approval on our own or together with collaborators. 
 Our international operations may expose us to business, regulatory, legal, political, operational, financial, pricing and reimbursement risks associated with doing business across multiple jurisdictions outside of the United States. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our ADSs less attractive to investors. 
 We have previously had material weaknesses in our internal control systems over financial reporting, which have been remediated. We may identify new material weaknesses in the future that may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. If we fail to remediate any new material weaknesses, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. 
 If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on the transfer of their ADSs and the withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares. 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 
 While we do not believe we were a passive foreign investment company PFIC in 2022, there is uncertainty as to whether we are or will be a PFIC in the past or in the future. If we are a PFIC, there could be material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 44 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 114 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 114 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 115 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 115 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 116 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 116 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 117 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 130 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 131 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 160 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 160 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 160 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 160 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 162 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 166 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 174 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 178 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 185 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 186 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 188 
 Signatures 
 189 

2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K 10-K ), contains express or implied forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by the words may, might, will, could, would, should, expect, intend, plan, objective, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, continue, ongoing, aim, seek, strive, or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements and opinions contained in this 10-K are based upon information available to our management as of the date of this 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. Forward-looking statements contained in this 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our ability to execute our clinical strategy for SerpinPC, our program for the treatment of hemophilia A and hemophilia B, including the ability to successfully complete our Phase 2a study and determine a recommended dose in our ongoing Phase 2a study that can be advanced into later-stage studies, or the success of such program; 
 our ability to execute our clinical strategy for CBS001, a high-affinity anti-LIGHT antibody, including the ability to successfully complete our Phase 1 study and determine a recommended dose in our ongoing Phase 1 study that can be advanced into later-stage studies, or the success of such program; 
 the initiation, scope, timing, progress and results (preliminary, interim or final) of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and our research and development programs; 
 the costs of developing our product candidates or any other future product candidates; 
 our ability to advance our product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials; 
 the development and therapeutic potential of our product candidates, including SerpinPC, LB101, MGX292, OX2R and our LockBody platform; 
 our expectations regarding the potential benefits, activity, effectiveness and safety of our drug candidates; 
 our reliance on the success of our product candidates and our pipeline programs; 
 our ability to utilize our screening platform to identify and advance additional product candidates into clinical development; 
 our ability to become the partner of choice to attract founder-subject matter experts with high conviction programs; 
 the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals to initiate or continue clinical trials or market any products; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impact of the delta, omicron and other variants, and the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war on our business and operations; 
 the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; 
 our ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities; 
 the pricing, coverage and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 
 the implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, product candidates and technology; 
 the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology; 
 our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights and proprietary technology of third parties; 
 cost associated with prosecuting and maintaining our intellectual property and with defending intellectual property infringement, product liability and other claims; 
 legal and regulatory development in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions; 
 estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 the potential benefits of strategic collaboration agreements and our ability to negotiate and enter into strategic arrangements; 
 our ability to identify collaboration opportunities and to establish and maintain collaborations; 
 our ability to obtain additional funding; 
 our ability to fulfill our obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended, with Three Peaks Capital Solutions Aggregator Fund (the Purchaser ), and Cocoon SA LLC (the Purchaser Agent ), an affiliate of Oberland Capital Management LLC (collectively Oberland Capital 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of any approved products; 
 developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing therapies and our ability to respond to such developments; 
 our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth; 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; 
 our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as a smaller reporting company and as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; 
 statements regarding future revenue, hiring plans, expenses, capital expenditures, capital requirements and share performance; 
 our expectations regarding use of our cash and cash equivalents, including the proceeds from our IPO; 
 the future trading price of the ADSs and impact of securities analysts reports on these prices; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors. 
 You should refer to the section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors in this 10-K for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot be assured that the forward-looking statements in this 10-K will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, these statements should not be regarded as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 You should read this 10-K and the documents that we reference in this 10-K and have filed as exhibits to this 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references to we, our, us, Centessa, the Company, and our Company refer to Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company with a mission to discover, develop and ultimately deliver medicines that are transformational for patients. 
 Our company was formed in October 2020 to pursue our mission within a unique, at-scale asset-centric operating model in a capital efficient manner. We refer to this concept as asset-centricity. On January 29, 2021, we acquired 11 pre-revenue, development stage biotechnology companies as direct subsidiaries (together referred to as the Centessa Subsidiaries ), and in June 2021, we completed an initial public offering IPO ). Since early 2022, we have substantially changed how we manage the Centessa Subsidiaries, and where applicable, we have reorganized their assets into individual focused pipeline programs unified under the Centessa Pharmaceuticals corporate brand. 
 Our Operating Model 
 As we continue to evolve our business, we believe our operating model is a competitive advantage that has the potential to advance our mission for the benefit of patients in need, further differentiate our Company, and drive value for our shareholders. 
 Key aspects of our asset-centric model include: 
 A pipeline of high conviction assets in therapeutic areas of unmet need . Our current pipeline programs span early-stage to late-stage development and cover a range of high-value indications in areas of unmet patient need. Many of these programs were inspired by our team s work in treating people living with these underlying diseases, and subsequently built on prior learnings in human genetics or precedented human activity for a pathway of interest. Subject to regulatory approval, we believe that multiple programs within our pipeline programs have the potential to change the current treatment paradigm, establish a new standard of care for patients, and compete in multi-billion dollar markets. 
 Our most advanced product candidate is SerpinPC, a subcutaneously administered novel inhibitor of activated protein C APC being developed as a potential treatment for hemophilia. SerpinPC has a novel mechanism of action MoA designed to prevent and reduce bleeds. To date, clinical data from our ongoing Phase 2a studies in hemophilia A HA and hemophilia B HB subjects has shown SerpinPC to have a favorable safety and tolerability profile, as well as evidence of sustained efficacy in patients with hemophilia, as measured by a reduction in the all-bleeds annualized bleed rates ABRs ). Based on these data, we believe SerpinPC has the potential to be a first-in-class subcutaneously administered therapy with a differentiated safety profile for individuals with hemophilia, subject to regulatory review and approval. We are now advancing the registrational program for SerpinPC in HB, which includes a set of studies with multiple components. PRESent-5, initiated in late 2022, is an observational feeder study to collect prospective observational data for minimum defined periods before switching to dosing subjects in the interventional studies planned for later this year. SerpinPC received Orphan Drug Designation for HB from the US Food and Drug Administration FDA in September 2022. While the initial focus of our ongoing clinical development program is HB, with and without inhibitors, we believe SerpinPC has the potential to treat all types of hemophilia regardless of severity or inhibitor status and it may also prevent bleeding associated with other bleeding disorders. We continue to assess registrational plans for HA. We own worldwide rights to SerpinPC. 
 Leveraging our proprietary LockBody technology, we are also pioneering a novel approach to selectively drive potent effector function activity, such as CD47 or CD3, into the tumor micro environment TME while avoiding systemic toxicity. We have conducted in vivo preclinical studies of our LockBody technology with CD47 for the treatment of solid tumors. LB101, a conditionally tetravalent PD-L1xCD47 bi-specific monoclonal antibody, is our first LockBody product candidate. Following clearance of our Investigational New Drug IND application from the FDA in January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2a first-in-human, clinical trial of LB101 for the treatment of solid tumors and dosed the first subject in March 2023. We look to this study to provide validation to further advance LB101 and our LockB ody technology platform. We plan to continue to invest in expanding our knowledge of our LockBody technology in order to 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 identify and advance additional potential product candidates, including a conditionally bivalent PD-L1xCD3 bi-specific monoclonal antibody. We own worldwide rights to our LockBody platform, LB101 and potential future candidates. 
 Our other programs consist of earlier-stage preclinical assets including our newest product candidate, ORX750, an orally administered, selective Orexin Receptor-2 OX2R agonist for the treatment of narcolepsy NT1 with potential expansion into other sleep disorders, and MGX292, a protein-engineered variant of human bone morphogenetic protein 9 BMP9 for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension PAH ). In addition, we have discovery-stage programs across certain other disease areas. 
 We own worldwide rights to all of our pipeline programs. We may opportunistically evaluate and enter into strategic partnerships around certain product candidates, targets, geographies, or disease areas. 
 An unshackled, data-driven, capital efficient drug discovery and development engine. At the core of our asset-centric model is a research and development R D engine that aims to pursue the best assets in areas of unmet need, regardless of therapeutic area or technology. We manage our programs dynamically and have a disciplined, data-driven approach to determining which product candidates and programs to progress, including considering whether the potential product profile or most recent data meet our criteria to justify further investment. In particular, we apply various scientific, clinical and commercial criteria aggressively throughout the development of each program individually, and evaluate the merits of each program individually. In addition, our program decisions are not biased to therapeutic areas or technologies. We believe our unbiased, science-driven approach to each asset is not only a key differentiator for our company, but also supports the quality of our diversified pipeline programs. 
 Equally important, our R D model is designed toward rapidly progressing programs through development in a capital efficient manner. Research activities related to each of our programs are conducted through a Research Excellence Hub. Each Research Excellence Hub is dedicated to pursuing pathway and/or disease domain-specific research with the aim of bringing assets through candidate selection. Each is led by a subject matter expert based on their unique knowledge and expertise and is overseen by our Chief Innovation Officer CIO ). Once a candidate is selected, the program is transitioned to a development program team. The integrated one-team development structure brings together cross-functional expertise to drive agile, lean and effective clinical development of the asset. The development strategy is overseen by our Chairman of Development. 
 The Research Excellence Hub and development program teams are designed to be lean, with limited fixed costs to further enhance the economics of asset-centric drug development. To accomplish this aim, the teams rely on strategic Contract Research Organization CRO and Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization CDMO partners and consultants while maintaining a small, agile, and highly experienced core team of drug developers. Where appropriate, we also pursue opportunities for potentially rapid development, including orphan drug designation, fast track designation, and other regulatory and development avenues. 
 Our R D spend is consistent with our asset-centric approach, with the highest spend on the programs that have already established clinical proof of concept. For programs in the earlier stages, we aim to implement capital-efficient plans to reach the next set of catalysts, gating more significant spending until after we obtain clinical proof of concept. 
 While we continue to refine aspects of our R D model, we believe that this model enables a pipeline of high conviction assets. 
 A highly skilled and experienced management team committed to asset-centricity. Our primary focus is to discover and develop a pipeline of high conviction assets in therapeutic areas of unmet need. We pursue a disciplined asset-centric approach to drug discovery and development and strive to advance our programs in a capital efficient manner. We are led by a management team with both subject matter expertise and extensive R D experience from leading biotech and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, our program teams are comprised of both inventors of our assets and renowned leaders in their respective fields. Our extensive knowledge of both our assets and drug development informs our decision-making to advance the science and clinical path to demonstrate pharmacological activity and proof-of-concept, with the goal of achieving an efficient timeframe and cost-effective budget. We have a track record of making judicious capital and resource allocation decisions for discovery and development efforts across our portfolio, and expeditiously evaluating and terminating programs when the data do not support advancing a program. We believe this experience and our capabilities well positions us to identify and rapidly advance high value programs from research through all stages of development in a capital efficient manner. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Strategy 
 Our mission is to discover, develop and ultimately deliver medicines that are transformational for patients. To achieve our mission, we are executing a near-term strategy focused on the following key elements: 
 
 Rapidly advance the late-stage development of our most advanced product candidate, SerpinPC in hemophilia. We are now advancing the registrational program for SerpinPC in HB, which includes a set of studies with multiple components. PRESent-5, initiated in late 2022, is an observational feeder study to collect prospective observational data for minimum defined periods before switching to dosing subjects in the interventional studies planned for later this year. If the data from the registrational program are positive, we aim to submit a Biologics License Application BLA ), to the FDA as well as potential additional applications worldwide. While the initial focus of our ongoing clinical development program is HB, with and without inhibitors, we believe SerpinPC has the potential to treat all types of hemophilia regardless of severity or inhibitor status and it may also prevent bleeding associated with other bleeding disorders. We continue to assess registrational plans for HA. 
 
 Strategically invest in and advance our LockBody technology platform with LB101 and develop a pipeline of additional LockBody product candidates. We aim to continue to invest in expanding our knowledge of our LockBody novel pharmacology in order to advance LB101, our first LockBody candidate, for the treatment of solid tumors, and identify and progress additional LockBody candidates. Following clearance of our IND application from the FDA in January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2a first-in-human, clinical trial of LB101 for the treatment of solid tumor s and dosed the first subject in March 2023. We look to this study to provide validation to further advance LB101 and our LockBody technology platf orm. For example, we are currently pursuing research internally to expand our LockBody technology to a conditionally bivalent PD-L1xCD3 bi-specific monoclonal antibody, which is designed to selectively drive potent CD3 effector function activity while minimizing the risk of systemic toxicity. The PD-L1xCD3 LockBody program is currently in lead optimization with the next anticipated milestone being selection of a product candidate later this year and the initiation of IND-enabling activities. 
 
 Advance our pipeline of preclinical assets, including ORX750 in NT1 and other sleep disorders. We aim to continue progressing our earlier-stage development assets focused on high-value indications where there is unmet need. Consistent with our model, these assets are being progressed by focused teams led by renowned subject matter experts. In March 2023, we nominated our newest product candidate, ORX750, for the treatment of NT1 with potential expansion into other sleep disorders. ORX750 is in preclinical development and undergoing IND-enabling activities. We look forward sharing the candidate profile at a scientific meeting this year. In addition, we are developing MGX292, our product candidate for the treatment of PAH. 
 
 Leverage our asset-centric drug discovery and development engine to continue building a pipeline of potential best or first-in-class product candidates. To continue growing our pipeline, we are investing heavily in our drug discovery and development efforts. We aim to continue to leverage our unique asset-centric R D engine to discover and develop the best assets, regardless of therapeutic area or technology. In addition, we intend to continue making judicious capital and resource allocation decisions across our current and future portfolio, and expeditiously evaluating and potentially terminating programs when data do not support advancing a program. We continually explore appropriate and capital efficient ways to expand our pipeline and may pursue other opportunities, such as in-licensing assets that meet our selection criteria. 
 
 Evaluate opportunities to accelerate development timelines and enhance commercial potential of our programs in collaboration with third parties. We own full worldwide development and commercialization rights to each of our programs. In the future, we may selectively enter into collaborations where we believe there is a strategic fit or benefit or an opportunity to accelerate or expand the potential for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Our Pipeline Programs 
 The following table sets forth our pipeline programs, disease area, mechanism of action, and stage of development. In addition, we have discovery-stage programs across other disease areas. Where applicable, we provide updates on our programs as they enter clinical studies. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Figure 1: Centessa pipeline programs. 
 
 Applying our data-driven decision making, in 2022 we took a number of actions with respect to our pipeline programs, (1) we discontinued the development of lixivaptan in Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease ADPKD ZF874 in Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency AATD ), a dual-STAT3/5 degrader program in Acute Myeloid Leukemia AML ), and all programs associated with PearlRiver including the small molecule epidermal growth factor receptor EGFR Exon20 insertion mutation inhibitor program and the C797S mutation inhibitor program for the treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer NSCLC (2) we divested PearlRiver in December 2022; and (3) we evaluated strategic options for imgatuzumab, an anti-EGFR mAb; and subsequently divested this program in early January 2023 through a company divestment of Pega-One. Additionally, in December 2022, as a result of protocol defined stopping criterion having been met, we suspended dosing in the multiple ascending dose MAD stage of the Phase 1 study of CBS001, a neutralizing therapeutic mAb to the inflammatory membrane form of LIGHT for inflammatory / fibrotic diseases. We recently determined to deprioritize CBS001 and have paused all development activities pending strategic review. We are evaluating strategic partnerships to progress CBS004, a therapeutic mAb targeting BDCA-2 for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, into the c linic. 
 SerpinPC in Hemophilia 
 We are developing our most advanced product candidate, SerpinPC, for the treatment of hemophilia. We are advancing the registrational program for SerpinPC in HB, which includes a set of studies with multiple components. PRESent-5, initiated in late 2022, is an observational feeder study to collect prospective observational data for minimum defined periods before switching to dosing subjects in the interventional studies planned for this year, and we continue to assess registrational plans for HA. 
 Hemophilia is a rare bleeding disorder that is caused by a deficiency of a coagulation factor which results in inadequate thrombin generation upon vascular damage. HA and HB are X-linked genetic disorders affecting one in 5,000 and one in 20,000 live male births, respectively, resulting in spontaneous internal bleeding that can be life-threatening. More than 70 of bleeds occur into joints (hemarthrosis) causing chronic joint damage (arthropathy) with musculoskeletal destruction. Estimates of the global prevalence of HA and HB vary between 400,000 and 450,000. 
 The bleeding associated with these disorders is the result of a defect or deficiency in factor (f)VIII (in the case of HA) or fIX (in the case of HB), the two components of the intrinsic tenase complex. Normal blood coagulation (hemostasis) is a crucial part of the physiological response to tissue damage. When blood components come into contact with extravascular cells and proteins, the resulting interaction of coagulation factors and platelets at a site of vascular injury leads to the formation of thrombin, the effector enzyme of blood coagulation. Prothrombinase activity is required for the rapid, localized production of thrombin needed for adequate hemostasis. Prothrombinase is continuously degraded by APC, an endogenous inhibitor of the clotting pathway which is generally present in the circulation at low concentrations. Under normal conditions, APC destroys prothrombinase extremely efficiently through catalytic activity; however, in the setting of deficient intrinsic tenase activity (hemophilia), the natural anticoagulant activity of the circulating APC results in insufficient prothrombinase activity for normal hemostasis. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Hemophilia is characterized as severe, moderate and mild, corresponding to 5 factor activity, respectively. Bleeding often becomes noticeable after a child becomes mobile. Hemarthrosis manifests as swelling and pain in the joints, along with decreased range of motion, most commonly affecting the knees, ankles and elbows. Other common manifestations include bruising, which can be spontaneous or occur after minor trauma, gum bleeding and nose bleeds. Persons with severe hemophilia often suffer spontaneous joint bleeds between 20 and 50 times a year. Spontaneous bleeding is less frequent in persons with moderate hemophilia, but in many individuals this condition is still problematic because the relative low frequency of bleeds does not warrant the treatment burden of regular intravenous IV prophylactic treatment with replacement factor yet as few as 2 or 3 bleeds into a joint are sufficient to cause permanent joint damage. 
 The global market for hemophilia is estimated at over 12 billion as of 2022. Only 20 of persons with hemophilia globally are believed to have access to adequate therapy. 
 The standard treatment for hemophilia consists of replacing the missing or defective fVIII or fIX by intravenous infusion of partially purified plasma-derived or recombinant fVIII or fIX protein, known as factor concentrate. Factor concentrate is administered either when bleeding occurs, known as on-demand therapy, or regularly to prevent bleeding, known as prophylaxis. Prophylaxis with standard factor concentrates requires intravenous infusion every second or third day in order to reduce annualized bleeding rates ABR below 10 . Less frequent intravenous infusion is required with recently approved extended half-life products. Emicizumab (marketed as HEMLIBRA by Roche) is a synthetic fVIII mimetic replacement therapy that is changing the treatment paradigm in HA. The primary benefits of emicizumab are its use as a substitute for factor VIII in persons with HA with fVIII inhibitors (high-titer antibodies against fVIII), and as an infrequent subcutaneously administered prophylactic in HA without inhibitors. Emicizumab has no activity in HB. 
 Because the replacement factor is effectively a foreign protein treatment, it is often associated with the formation of inhibitory antibodies which requires the use of a different class of therapeutics called bypass agents. Bypass agents increase thrombin generation through mechanisms independent of the intrinsic tenase complex. The most commonly used bypass agents are recombinant fVIIa and FEIBA. However, the use of these agents is limited by their short half-lives and result in variable responses in patients. They are also less effective than replacement therapy prior to the development of inhibitors and are rarely used prophylactically. 
 
 In addition to approved agents for the treatment of hemophilia that improve thrombin generation by bolstering the levels of procoagulant factors, the FDA has recently approved the first gene therapy for HB, HEMGENIX , marketed by CSL Behring. Additional gene therapies currently being developed for HA include roctavian, by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. BioMarin ), and giroctocogene fitelparvovec (SB-525) by Pfizer, Inc. Pfizer and Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. Sangamo ). Although gene therapies could be a significant development for patients, they face uncertainty regarding safety, durability and cost and are specific to either HA and HB. We are also aware of several companies pursuing Tissue Factor Pathway Inhibitors TFPIs for the treatment of hemophilia, including marstacimab being developed by Pfizer for HA and HB with and without inhibitors, and concizumab being developed by Novo Nordisk A/S Novo Nordisk for HA and HB with inhibitors. RNAi therapeutic programs focused on HA and HB include fitusiran being developed by Sanofi. 
 Despite advances in hemophilia treatment, there remains a considerable unmet need in both HA and HB: 
 Factor concentrate therapies require intravenous administration making prophylaxis challenging; 
 Up to 30 of persons with HA and 3 of persons with HB develop inhibitory antibodies to factor concentrates, which limits effectiveness of treatment with factor concentrates; 
 The non-factor replacement therapies, both approved and in development, are associated with the risk of thrombosis; and 
 The majority of persons with hemophilia have no or limited access to prophylactic treatment to prevent bleeding. 
 Our Product Candidate 
 SerpinPC is an investigational, subcutaneously delivered biologic of the serpin family of proteins, designed to allow more thrombin to be generated by inhibiting activated protein APC. The MoA of SerpinPC is to reduce levels of circulating APC, thereby prolonging activity of prothrombinase formed during the initiation stage of hemostasis and directly increasing the amount of thrombin generated at the site of tissue damage. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Figure 2: Schematic of the MoA for SerpinPC. SerpinPC is designed to reduce levels of circulating APC (1), thereby prolonging activity of prothrombinase (2) and directly increasing the amount of thrombin generated (3) at the site of tissue damage. 
 As depicted in Figure 2, thrombin is the effector enzyme in blood coagulation, and is produced by an enzyme complex known as prothrombinase, composed of fXa and fVa. At the initiation stage of blood coagulation, the fXa is produced by the extrinsic tenase complex while the fVa is predominantly derived from platelets. This early prothrombinase formation is preserved in hemophilia. However, extrinsic tenase activity is short-lived and early prothrombinase is inactivated by APC in the blood, so insufficient thrombin is produced to form a stable hemostatic clot, resulting in continued bleeding, unless more prothrombinase can be formed with the help of the intrinsic tenase complex. The two components of the intrinsic tenase complex are missing in HA and HB. SerpinPC treatment is designed to reduce the levels of APC so that the early prothrombinase has time to produce enough thrombin to form a stable hemostatic clot, thereby preventing excessive blood loss. 
 SerpinPC is a variant of the serpin alpha-1-antitrypsin, modified to be a specific inhibitor of APC. We were able to convert A1AT into a specific inhibitor of APC by mutating 3 residues in the reactive center loop of the molecule. The serpin mechanism traps the protease during cleavage of the reactive center loop as a covalent complex, and therefore has an absolute requirement that the protease is active, i.e., not the inactive zymogen. For this reason, SerpinPC is designed to have complete specificity for APC over protein C PC ), and therefore is not expected to deplete the circulating concentration of PC (which could theoretically increase thrombotic risk). 
 SerpinPC is designed as a long-acting non-replacement therapy intended to be administered as an infrequent injection under the skin that rebalances blood coagulation without the need for factor replacement. It achieves this without depleting the natural anticoagulant pool of PC. As a result, we believe SerpinPC could be an attractive alternative therapy for many patients, if approved. Other rebalancing approaches have been plagued by the occurrence of venous and arterial thrombosis. Based on the totality of data from the SerpinPC clinical program, we believe that SerpinPC has a novel mechanism of action and differentiated pharmacological effect with a low thrombotic risk since (1) PC is not depleted, (2) the prothrombinase complex is not itself rendered resistant to APC, and (3) at clinical doses the slow rate of APC inhibition by SerpinPC leaves the ability of newly formed APC to degrade prothrombinase in the event of excess thrombin generation. We believe that the observed lack of treatment-related sustained elevations of D-dimer across our Phase 2a study (including the open-label extension OLE )) in healthy volunteers and persons with hemophilia PwH support this profile. D-dimer is a sensitive measure of excessive thrombin generation. 
 The vialed drug product is presented as a sterile lyophilized powder intended for subcutaneous injection following reconstitution with water. Stability studies have shown the drug product to be stable at temperatures up to 40 C, and we expect a commercial product, if approved, will allow for ease of shipment and storage. 
 SerpinPC Registrational Program 
 In February 2022, we completed pre-IND interactions with the FDA for SerpinPC in HB. The FDA considered these to be very consistent with an end of Phase 2 meeting and based on the FDA feedback, we developed a streamlined, integrated registrational development plan for SerpinPC in HB named PRESent with fewer than 200 total subjects, including two planned Phase 2b interventional studies, PRESent-2 (moderately severe to severe HB without inhibitors, and severe HA with and without inhibitors) and PRESent-3 (HB with inhibitors), preceded by a non-interventional (i.e., observational) feeder study, PRESent-5. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 In September 2022, we received a Study May Proceed Letter from the FDA for the Phase 2b clinical studies under our IND application. Also, in September 2022, we announced that the FDA has granted Orphan Drug Designation to SerpinPC for the treatment of HB. In December 2022, we initiated PRESent-5 to begin collecting enough observational data for minimum defined periods of time before switching to dosing subjects in PRESent-2 or PRESent-3, which are planned for this year. In parallel and based on the FDA feedback, we continue to work with the FDA on our plans to accelerate product process development and qualification activities. This streamlined, integrated development program is designed to support marketing approval in adults and adolescents with HB, with and without inhibitors, as the initial indication. 
 PRESent-2 (AP-0102) : PRESent-2 is an interventional study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of prophylactic SerpinPC in subjects with severe and moderately severe HB without inhibitors. In addition to HB subjects, the study will also enroll subjects with severe HA, with and without inhibitors, to add to the safety database. The study will have three parts: a 24-week randomized dose-justification part (Part 1) with approximately 60 subjects, a 24-week expansion part (Part 2) with approximately 60 further subjects at the dose selected from Part 1 based on an interim analysis, and a further 24-week extension part (Part 3) for subjects who complete either Part 1 or Part 2. The primary endpoint for PRESent-2 is the number of treated bleeds expressed as the all-bleeds ABR in the observation period and during Part 2 (24 weeks of treatment with SerpinPC) in subjects with HB previously receiving on-demand treatment. (See Figure 3 b elow.) 
 
 Figure 3: Registrational development program for SerpinPC (PRESent-2 Hemophilia B without inhibitors) 
 PRESent-3 (AP-0103) : The objective of PRESent-3 is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of SerpinPC in subjects with severe HB with inhibitors. The study will have approximately 12 subjects who will receive 1.2 mg/kg of SerpinPC administered as a subcutaneous injection once every 2 weeks for 48 weeks. The primary endpoint for PRESent-3 is the number of treated bleeds expressed as the all-bleeds ABR in the observation period and during the 24 weeks of treatment with SerpinPC in subjects with HB with inhibitors. (See Figur e 4 b elow.) 
 
 Figure 4: Registrational development program for SerpinPC (PRESent-3 Hemophilia B with inhibitors) 
 Although our Phase 2b interventional studies will include both HA and HB subjects, the initial focus of our registration efforts is HB, with and without inhibitors, given the higher unmet need and market opportunity in this patient population, who currently do not have subcutaneous prophylaxis alternative. We continue to assess registrational plans for HA. 
 SerpinPC Phase 1/2a (AP-0101) Study Results 
 In December 2022 and February 2023, we reported results from both Part 3 and Part 4, the 18-month OLE of AP-0101, a first-in-human adaptive design open-label multi-center Phase 1/2a study to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and efficacy of subcutaneous doses of SerpinPC in healthy male volunteers and subjects with severe 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 hemophilia (HA and HB) who were not on prophylaxis. In September 2021, we reported results from Part 1 and Part 2 of AP-0101. The results from Parts 1 to 4 are discussed below. Part 5 is ongoing. The design of AP-0101 is summarized in the graphic below. 
 
 Figure 5: Schematic representation of the Phase 1/2a (AP-0101) Study Design. 
 (PwH is person with hemophilia) 
 The Phase 1 portion of this study was conducted in two parts, with Part 1a in healthy volunteers in a clinical trial unit in the U.K. In this part, four cohorts of healthy subjects received increasing doses of SerpinPC by IV infusion and one by subcutaneous injection. Part 1b was conducted in established clinical trial units embedded in university hospitals in Moldova and Georgia with access to the target patient population of persons with hemophilia ("PwH") receiving only on-demand factor concentrates provided by the national hemophilia treatment centers in the same hospitals. The SAD study informed dosing in Part 1b; PwH were dosed at a level at which biological effects might be expected, 0.1mg/kg to 1.2mg/kg by subcutaneous injection in four cohorts of three subjects each. 
 Part 1 Results 
 All doses in Part 1 were well-tolerated without incident or SerpinPC-related adverse events, including injection site reactions. Administration of SerpinPC did not lead to treatment- related increases in D-dimer, TNF or IL-6 at any dose. 
 All subjects in Part 1b had severe hemophilia and received factor concentrate on demand before and during the study. All patients had target joints at baseline (range 1 to 4, median 2.5). A baseline ABR was calculated for each subject from prospective observation prior to exposure to SerpinPC. The median ABR was 35 (range 26 to 41). In the 8 weeks following a single subcutaneous injection of SerpinPC there was a 55 reduction in all-bleeding and a 72 reduction in spontaneous joint and muscle bleeding. Five subjects experienced zero spontaneous bleeds for 2 months after receiving their single dose. In contrast a total of 97 bleeds occurred in the pre-exposure observation period and 29 in the 8 weeks following exposure. All 29 bleeds following SerpinPC administration were treated with factor concentrate on-demand as per standard of care without incident and without elevation in D-dimer levels. No anti-drug antibodies ADAs were detected in Part 1. 
 All subjects who participated in Part 1b of the Phase 1 study chose to enroll in Part 2 of the Phase 2a study. 
 Part 2 Results 
 In September 2021, we announced positive top line results from Part 2, the six-month repeat dose portion of the Phase 2a study. Reduction in bleeding was an exploratory outcome. In total, 23 subjects enrolled in Part 2 of the Phase 2a study. One subject with a history of a skin disorder was discontinued because of an injection site reaction. 
 SerpinPC was well-tolerated. There were no other SerpinPC-related AEs observed throughout the 24-week study. 
 No thromboembolic events or treatment-related sustained elevations in D-dimer were observed throughout the 24-week study. 
 Two subjects had ADAs and remained on treatment without incident. 
 In the highest dose cohort (1.2 mg/kg of SerpinPC administered as a subcutaneous injection once every 4 weeks for 24 weeks (n=8)), the self-reported all-bleeds ABR was reduced by 88 (from 36.0 median all-bleed ABR to 4.4) during the last 12 weeks of treatment (pre-specified primary assessment period) as compared to the 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 all-bleeds ABR prospectively measured during the pre-exposure observation period. In the highest dose cohort, 5 out of 8 subjects had 1 or 0 bleeds during the 12-week pre-specified primary assessment period. Self-reported spontaneous joint bleeds ABR was reduced by 94 in the highest dose cohort (from 21.1 median spontaneous joint bleeds ABR to 2.2). ABR reductions were similar between patients with either HA or HB. 
 Part 3 and Part 4 Results (18-Month OLE) 
 All subjects who completed Part 2 elected to continue into the 18-month OLE of the Phase 2a study, which included Part 3 and Part 4. The OLE also includes Part 5, which is ongoing. We announced data from Part 3 and Part 4 in an oral presentation at the 64th American Society of Hematology ASH Annual Meeting on December 10, 2022 and an oral presentation at the 16 th Annual Congress of European Association for Haemophilia and Allied Disorders EAHAD on February 10, 2023. The results are discussed below. 
 
 In Part 3, 22 subjects who completed Part 2 received a flat dose of 60 mg of SerpinPC administered as a subcutaneous injection once every 4 weeks for 48 weeks. One subject emigrated out of the site country and consequently discontinued treatment during Part 3. In Part 4, 21 subjects who completed Part 3 received 1.2 mg/kg of SerpinPC administered as a subcutaneous injection once every 2 weeks for 24 weeks. One subject discontinued treatment during Part 4 following a cancer diagnosis which the Safety Review Group determined was not related to treatment with SerpinPC. 
 
 SerpinPC was well-tolerated throughout the 18-month treatment period of the OLE. There were no SerpinPC-related adverse events and no thromboembolic events or treatment-related sustained elevations of D-dimer observed throughout the OLE period. (Detailed D-dimer results are shown in Figure 6 below.) There were no treatment-related discontinuations from the OLE. 
 Overall, 2 of 22 (9.1 subjects enrolled in Part 3 had sustained elevations of ADA (these are the same 2 subjects with ADA in Part 2). There were no adverse events observed related to these findings. 
 At the highest dose tested (Part 4: 1.2 mg/kg of SerpinPC administered as a subcutaneous injection once every 2 weeks for 24 weeks (n=21)), the median all-bleeds ABR was reduced by 93 as compared to the median all-bleeds ABR prospectively measured during the pre-exposure observation period. A median all-bleed ABR of 2.2 was achieved for all subjects in Part 4. 7 subjects had 0 bleeds during the 24-week period. The median spontaneous joint bleeds ABR was reduced by 93 as compared to the median spontaneous joint bleeds ABR prospectively measured during the pre-exposure observation period. A median spontaneous joint bleed ABR of 2.2 was achieved for all subjects in Part 4. 9 subjects had 0 spontaneous joint bleeds during the 24-week period. 
 All breakthrough bleed events during the OLE period were successfully managed with the subject s usual replacement factor without dose adjustment and did not require adjustments to SerpinPC dosing. 
 
 Figure 6: No observation of treatment-related, non-transient elevations in D-dimer in Part 3 and Part 4 of the Phase 1/2a Study (AP-0101). The top graph shows the D-dimer results in the 17 subjects who had D-dimer results below 500 and the 5 subjects who had non-consecutive D-dimer results greater than 500. The bottom graph shows the D-dimer results in 2 subjects who had two or more D-dimer consecutive results greater than 500. The 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 blue line represents a subject who suffered a large traumatic hematoma (hip bleed), and the orange line represents a subject who was diagnosed with cancer, neither of which were determined to be treatment-related elevations. 

The all-bleed median ABR by dose level across the Phase 1/2a Study (AP-101) are shown below in Figure 7: 
 
 Figure 7: All-bleed median ABR by dose level in Parts 2, 3 and 4 of the Phase 1/2a Study (AP-0101). 
 Exclusivity 
 SerpinPC is exclusively licensed to us under our agreement with the University of Cambridge. See Intellectual Property and License Agreements. The license provides patent protection and, as of December 31, 2022, includes two issued U.S. patents, 50 issued foreign patents and two pending foreign patent applications which have claims directed to SerpinPC composition of matter, compositions of matter of other serpin variants, and method of use of SerpinPC. The issued patents expire in 2034, and the pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2034, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. In addition, in September 2022, the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation to SerpinPC and we intend to apply for orphan drug designation for SerpinPC with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and may apply for Breakthrough Therapy Designation with the FDA. 
 Our LockBody Technology Platform 
 We are developing a novel approach to selectively drive potent effector function activity, such as CD47 or CD3, into the TME while avoiding systemic toxicity by leveraging our proprietary LockBody technology platform. Our LockBody technology platform is designed to allow for the simplified and accelerated development of conditionally-active antibody drugs with the potential to engage powerful immune pathways in diseased tissue, but not in non-diseased tissue or the periphery, where the drug s action is often unwanted. 
 
 A Locked LockBody 
 To prevent unwanted binding in the periphery, LockBody constructs utilize a stacked Fabs design, in which the traditional antibody structure is extended with the addition of a second Fab along each Heavy/Light chain pairing. These secondary, upper Fabs are designed to be constitutively active and bind to their targets as normal. These Fabs can be designed to target tumor targets that allow for enrichment of the LockBody into the TME. At the same time in the fully formed, locked LockBody, these constitutive Fabs are designed to prevent binding, via steric occlusion, of the lower Fabs to their targets. The lower Fabs can then be designed to engage potent effector mechanisms, such as CD47 or CD3 with a lower risk of off-tumor toxicity in the periphery. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Figure 8: In the locked state a LockBody is designed to be stable in solution and not bind to the Contingent Fab target. 
 
 An Unlocked LockBody 
 Prior research has demonstrated that native human IgG1, as well as various therapeutic antibodies, are vulnerable to cleavage in the TME at a specific location in their structure: the lower hinge. For native IgG and other therapeutic antibodies this represents a weakness: this cleavage reduces Fc receptor engagement and thus protects the tumor. However, by using variants of the lower hinge to connect the lower and upper Fabs of a LockBody, the LockBody is designed to exploit this cleavage in the tumor to create a beneficial effect. Once one of these connecting hinges is cleaved, by any one of a number of upregulated proteases, the lower Fab is designed to be unlocked and can engage with its target to drive potent effector function. 

Figure 9: After unlocking, e.g. through incubation with TME-associated proteases, the complementarity-determining regions CDRs of the Contingent Fab are exposed and are designed to bind to their target. 
 
 We believe our LockBody technology platform has the following advantages compared to other therapeutic modalities: 
 
 Our LockBody technology platform is designed to enable a potential dramatically enhanced therapeutic index. The unlocking of the full activity of a LockBody requires two criteria, the presence of the binding target of the constitutively-active, upper Fabs and a highly proteolytic environment. With the appropriate choice of tumor-associated antigen, we believe this dual requirement has the potential to significantly widen the therapeutic index and to provide access to the most potent effector mechanisms. 
 Our LockBody technology platform is designed to avoid the sink effect . The stability of a locked LockBody in the periphery is designed to prevent unwanted binding to effector targets that are often highly expressed in the blood and secondary lymphoid tissue. We believe this design has the potential to reduce the sink effect and lead to much lower effective doses, which may further reduce the risk of toxicity. 
 Our LockBody technology platform is based on a simple, IgG-based design that supports manufacturing by existing standard methods. As all the components of a LockBody are based on native, human IgG structures they have the potential to retain all the key benefits of standard therapeutic antibodies including high manufacturing yields and low immunogenicity. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We have conducted in vivo preclinical studies of our LockBody technology platform with CD47 for the treatment of solid tumors. We believe this preclinical data reinforces the potential of this technology to minimize the systemic effects of potent immune effectors and its potential to significantly improve the therapeutic index. Following clearance of our IND application from the FDA in January 2023, we have initiated a Phase 1/2a first-in-human, clinical trial of our first LockBody candidate, LB101, a conditionally tetravalent PD-L1xCD47 bispecific monoclonal antibody, for the treatment of solid tumors. We look to this study to provide validation to further advance LB101 and our LockBody technology platform. 
 Disease Overview 
 According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer and the World Health Organization WHO ), the global solid tumor burden has increased to an estimated 19 million new cases and up to ten million deaths per year. According to the American Cancer Society, in the U.S. alone, there are an estimated 1.9 million new cases and over 600,000 solid tumor deaths annually. 
 Tumors are sometimes described as being hot, meaning that they have been infiltrated by the body s T-cells, a part of the body s immune system. For this reason, hot tumors typically respond to immunotherapy treatment using checkpoint inhibitors to mobilize the T-cells response to kill tumor cells. In contrast, cold tumors have not been infiltrated with T-cells and, as a result, immunotherapy drugs often have limited effect on these tumors. 
 While major improvements in understanding the biology of cancer and its treatment have been made in the past decades, there remains a significant unmet medical need for a large number of cancer patients across many different types of cancers. The advent of immunotherapies has been a significant advance in cancer treatment; however, modern immunotherapies, including the checkpoint inhibitors which target the PD1/PD-L1 pathway, are only effective in a minority of patients. 
 Currently approved checkpoint inhibitors are mostly active in the minority of hot tumors. The majority of solid tumors, however, are cold , where no clear underlying immune response to the tumor exists. While a large body of evidence supports the potential of other immunotherapeutic approaches such as targeting CD47 in the treatment of many cancer types, actual clinical success has been very limited in part because of the narrow therapeutic index of available investigational agents. Our LockBody technology has been designed to address this gap. 
 
 We are aware of several programs under development as potential treatments for solid tumors, including those which utilize CD47 with or without PD-L1 to target tumor cells. These include Gilead Sciences, Inc., developing CD47 IgG combinations; ALX Oncology Holdings, developing SIRP receptor-Fc fusion + IgG combinations; Light Chain Bioscience, developing CD47 bispecific antibodies; Innovent Biologics, Inc., developing a PD-L1xCD47 bispecific; and Pfizer, developing a PD-L1xCD47 bispecific. 
 
 We are also aware of programs under development, including those which utilize CD3 with or without PD-L1 to target tumor cells. These include Harpoon Therapeutics, Inc., developing activatable CD3 bispecifics; Takeda, developing activatable CD3 bispecifics; Sanofi, developing activatable CD3 bispecifics; and CytomX Therapeutics, Inc., developing activatable CD3 bispecifics. 
 LB101, our First LockBody Product Candidate, in Solid Tumors 
 Overview 
 LB101, a conditionally tetravalent PD-L1xCD47 bispecific monoclonal antibody, is our first product candidate using our proprietary LockBody technology. LB101 has two anti-CD-47 domains blocked by two anti-PD-L1 domains, with proprietary human IgG-derived hinges linking the anti-CD47 and anti-PD-L1 domains. The cell-killing mechanism of action, in this case CD47, is designed to be blocked by the PD-L1 tumor targeting domain until the proprietary human IgG-derived hinges are naturally degraded in the TME, thus unlocking and activating the CD47 effector function activity in the tumor. Following clearance of our IND application from the FDA in January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2a first-in-human, clinical trial of LB101 for the treatment of solid tumors and dosed the first subject in March 2023. We own worldwide rights to LB101. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Figure 10: The LB101 construct is designed to remain locked in the periphery such that the CD47-binding contingent Fab remains inactive. The anti-PD-L1 constitutive Fab is designed to target LB101 to the TME. After proteolytic unlocking in the TME, the anti-CD47 contingent Fab is designed to engage with its target. 
 In Vivo Data 
 In June 2022, we presented in vivo data for LB101 at the 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology ASCO Annual Meeting. These data showed LB101 s antitumor activity in a syngeneic mouse model (colon adenocarcinoma) with significantly improved tumor regression and survival compared to anti-PD-L1 antibodies. Anti-tumor activity was also demonstrated in a patient-derived xenograft mouse model for non-small cell lung cancer. LB101 s immunomodulatory effect differs from PD-L1/PD 1 inhibitors. In a mouse model, LB101 displayed a differential immune profile compared to atezolizumab with a significant increase in pro-killing CD8+ T-cells and a decrease in immunosuppressive M1 and M2 macrophages in tumor samples. 

Figure 11: In vivo data in a MC38 hPD-L1+ syngeneic mouse model demonstrated significantly improved activity with durable responses for single-agent LB101 (26 of 32 tumors eradicated across two doses) compared to isotype control IgG (0 of 16) and atezolizumab (4 of 32 across two doses). 
 
 In September 2022, we shared data from non-GLP repeat dose, dose range finding, and the GLP repeat dose safety toxicology studies performed with LB101 in cynomolgus monkeys. These data did not reveal any LB101-related toxicity following repeated weekly intravenous doses of LB101 at levels up to 50 mg/kg over 4 weeks. Of note, no anemia, thrombocytopenia or LB101-related changes in cytokine levels were observed in animals administered up to 50 mg/kg of LB101. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Figure 12: Doses up to 50mg/kg of LB101 in non-human primates showed no effect on key hematological parameters. 
 
 Following clearance of our IND application from the FDA in January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2a first-in-human FIH ), open-label, multicenter, dose escalation study with expansion cohorts to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and preliminary activity of LB101 in participants with advanced solid tumors. This study consists of 2 parts: FIH dose escalation and dose optimization (Part 1a and Part 1b, respectively) and dose expansion (Part 2). Part 1 will evaluate LB101 monotherapy in participants with selected, advanced solid tumors and determine the recommended dose(s) for expansion for Part 2. The design of Part 2 depends on the results of Part 1 and will further evaluate the safety, efficacy, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and immune response of LB101. This study is also expected to provide insights into the performance of our LockBody technology platform in a clinical setting. We dosed the first subject with LB101 in March 2023. 
 PD-L1xCD3 LockBody Program 
 We are currently developing a conditionally bivalent PD-L1xCD3 bispecific monoclonal antibody designed to selectively drive potent CD3 effector function activity in the TME while avoiding systemic toxicity. The PD-L1xCD3 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 LockBody program is currently in lead optimization with the next anticipated milestone being selection of a product candidate this year and the initiation of IND-enabling activities. 
 ORX750 in Narcolepsy Type 1 NT1 and other sleep disorders 
 
 In March 2023, we nominated our newest product candidate, ORX750, an orally administered, selective OX2R agonist for the treatment of NT1 with potential expansion into other sleep disorders. 
 Narcolepsy is a lifelong, chronic neurologic disorder that affects the brain s ability to regulate the normal sleep-wake cycle. Narcolepsy is a chronic rare and debilitating disorder that is estimated to affect over 150,000 people in the United States and over three million people worldwide. Approximately, 50 of individuals with narcolepsy have NT1. 
 We believe that introduction of orexin agonists as novel therapeutics will represent a disruptive approach in the treatment of NT1 because orexin agonists, unlike any current marketed treatments, have the potential to directly address the underlying pathology of the disorder, which is the profound loss of orexinergic neurons. Our exclusive collaboration with Sosei Heptares, a leading biopharmaceutical drug discovery and development company with proprietary structure-based drug design SBDD technology for G protein-coupled receptor GPCR targets, in the orexin agonist area provides access to unique structural biology technology coupled with SBDD, currently applied to the identification and optimization of molecules towards clinical candidates. 
 While prevailing treatment approaches may address the symptoms of NT1, there are no currently approved therapies that address the loss of orexin, which is the underlying pathophysiology of the disorder. A number of selective OX2R agonist compounds are currently in development for the treatment of narcolepsy including TAK-861 being developed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals Takeda ), JZP441 (DSP-0187) being investigated by Jazz Pharmaceuticals Jazz and Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co., Ltd. Sumitomo ), and ALKS 2680 being investigated by Alkermes. There are additional orexin agonist programs in preclinical development. 
 ORX750 is currently in preclinical development and undergoing IND-enabling activities. 
 MGX292 in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension PAH 
 We are developing MGX292, our product candidate for the treatment of PAH. MGX292 is a protein-engineered variant of human BMP9. MGX292 is designed to overcome the functional deficiency in BMP9 signaling found in patients with PAH, restore vascular function and reverse established disease pathology in the pulmonary arterioles. MGX292 is currently being developed as a subcutaneous formulation. 
 PAH, a severe form of pulmonary hypertension, is a progressive life-limiting disease caused by narrowing of small pulmonary arteries in the periphery of the lung. PAH is a rare disease with a major unmet medical need. PAH has a prevalence of 11 to 26 per million individuals, affecting approximately 70,000 patients in North America, Europe and Japan. The total global market for PAH is estimated at 6.0 billion per annum based on sales of approved drugs. 
 While approved drugs for PAH exist, current treatments do not impact the underlying pathophysiology of the disease and are not disease-modifying. Although we are not aware of any competitors developing BMP-based agonists for PAH, Merck Co., Inc. has submitted their product candidate, sotatercept, for regulatory approval in the United States, and Keros Therapeutics, Inc. is currently investigating KER-012. 
 MGX292 is currently in preclinical development. 
 Corporate Information 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc is registered with the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales under number 12973576, and our registered office is at 3rd Floor, 1 Ashley Road, Altrincham, Cheshire, United Kingdom, WA14 2DT. Our website address is http://www.centessa.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 ApcinteX Limited was incorporated in 2014 under the laws of England and Wales with primary operations in the United Kingdom. Z Factor Limited was incorporated in 2014 under the laws of England and Wales with primary operations in the United Kingdom. Morphogen-IX Limited was incorporated in 2015 under the laws of England and Wales with primary operations in the United Kingdom. Capella Bioscience Ltd was incorporated in 2014 under the laws of England and Wales with primary operations in the United Kingdom. LockBody Therapeutics Ltd was incorporated in 2017 under the laws of England and Wales with primary operations in the United Kingdom. Orexia Therapeutics Limited was 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 incorporated in 2018 under the laws of England and Wales with primary operations in the United Kingdom. Palladio Biosciences, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 under the laws of Delaware with primary operations in Horsham, Pennsylvania. Janpix Limited was incorporated in 2013 under the law of England and Wales with primary operations in Canada. 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge on our website located at http://www.centessa.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website address is http://www.sec.gov. 
 Competition 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by the rapid evolution of technologies and understanding of disease etiology, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We believe that our differentiated business model, approach, scientific capabilities, know-how and experience provide us with competitive advantages. However, we face, and will continue to face, competition from companies focused on more traditional therapeutic modalities. We expect substantial competition from multiple sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and existing or emerging biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions worldwide. Many of our competitors, either alone or through collaborations, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These companies also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and recruiting patients in clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. As a result, our competitors may discover, develop, license or commercialize products before or more successfully than we do. The key competitors for our programs are described in the respective sections. 
 We also face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and licensing and acquisition opportunities, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. As a result, we may not be successful in our efforts in building a pipeline of product candidates through acquisitions, licensing or through internal development or in progressing these product candidates through clinical development. Although our research and development efforts to date have resulted in the identification, discovery and preclinical and clinical development of certain product candidates, these product candidates may not be safe or effective as therapies, and we have discontinued product candidates and may not be able to develop, in-license or otherwise acquire any other product candidates. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently depend on third-party contract manufacturing organizations CMOs ), for all of our requirements of raw materials, drug substance and drug product for our preclinical research and our ongoing clinical trials of our product candidates. Other than as discussed below, most of our subsidiaries have not entered into long-term agreements with our current CMOs. We generally intend to continue to rely on CMOs for later-stage development and commercialization of our product candidates, including any additional product candidates that we may identify. Although we rely on CMOs, we have personnel and third-party consultants with extensive manufacturing experience to oversee the relationships with our CMOs and are not overly dependent on a single CMO. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We intend to evaluate our commercialization strategy as we advance each product candidate through clinical development. In any core markets outside of the United States that we may identify, where appropriate, we may utilize strategic partners, distributors or contract sales forces to expand the commercial availability of our product candidates. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property and License Agreements 
 We strive to protect the proprietary technology that we believe is important to our business, including seeking and maintaining patents and patent applications intended to cover our product candidates and compositions, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, and any other aspects of inventions that are commercially important to the development of our business. We have entered into various license agreements to obtain the rights to use certain patents for the development and commercialization of our product candidates. As described below, we also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. 
 Our success will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary rights protecting our commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related to our business, defend and enforce our current and future issued patents, if any, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets and operate without infringing the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We also rely on know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our intellectual property portfolio. We seek to obtain domestic and international patent protection, and endeavor to promptly file patent applications for new commercially valuable inventions. 
 The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies like us are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and patent scope can be reinterpreted by the courts after issuance. Moreover, many jurisdictions permit third parties to challenge issued patents in administrative proceedings, which may result in further narrowing or even cancellation of patent claims. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any patents, if issued, will provide sufficient protection from competitors. 
 Because patent applications in the United States and certain other jurisdictions are maintained in secrecy for 18 months or potentially even longer, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain of the priority of inventions covered by pending patent applications. Moreover, we may have to participate in interference proceedings or derivation proceedings declared by the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO to determine priority of invention. 
 ApcinteX 
 As of December 31, 2022, ApcinteX has a license to two issued U.S. patents, 50 issued foreign patents, including in France, Germany, UK, China, Japan and Australia issued foreign patents, and two pending foreign patent applications. ApcinteX s licensed patent portfolio have claims directed to SerpinPC composition of matter, compositions of matter of other serpin variants, and method of use of SerpinPC. The issued patents expire in 2034, and the pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2034, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 Z Factor 
 As of December 31, 2022, Z Factor, owned one issued U.S. patent, seven pending U.S applications, 78 pending foreign applications, one granted European application, one foreign patent and six pending PCT applications. Z Factor s patent portfolio includes composition of matter claims directed to ZF874, polymorphs thereof and variants thereof, method of treatment claims with ZF874, and method of manufacturing claims related to ZF874. The pending patent applications, once nationalized and if issued, are expected to expire between 2039 and 2042, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 Morphogen-IX 
 As of December 31, 2022, Morphogen-IX has a license to one issued U.S. patent, 81 issued foreign patents, e.g., France, Germany, UK, and China issued foreign patents, one U.S. pending patent application and seven pending foreign patent applications. Morphogen-IX s licensed patent portfolio includes issued U.S. patents and issued foreign patents, which have composition of matter claims directed to MGX292 and BMP9 variants, and method of treatment claims with MGX292. The issued patents expire in 2035, and the pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2035, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Morphogen-IX License Agreement 
 On October 30, 2015, our subsidiary, Morphogen-IX Limited, Morphogen-IX ), entered into a Patent and Know-How License Agreement License ), with Cambridge Enterprise Limited CE ), relating to BMP 9 and 10. Pursuant to the agreement, Morphogen-IX obtained from CE an exclusive, worldwide, royalty bearing, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license, (the Exclusive CE License ), under certain patent rights, BMP Patents ), and certain technical information and materials relating to BMP 9 and 10, BMP Know-How ), for the treatment of all diseases, including prophylaxis, for human and animal health or any related research or development, or the Field. Morphogen-IX also obtained a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license, the CE Non-Exclusive License ), to certain, data, technical information and other know-how that is not specific to BMP 9 and 10, (the Non-Exclusive Know-How ). Under the CE Exclusive License and the CE Non-Exclusive License, Morphogen-IX has the right to develop and commercialize any product, process, service or use that uses or incorporates any BMP Patents, the BMP Know-How or the Non-Exclusive Know-How, or any materials that are sold in conjunction with any such products or services, in each such case, a Licensed Product. CE has reserved a customary limited right to use the BMP Patents, BMP Know-How and Non-Exclusive Know-How for academic publication, teaching, and academic research. 
 Morphogen-IX must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the Licensed Products in accordance with the development plan, to introduce Licensed Products into the commercial market and to market Licensed Products after such introduction in the market, and to commit the necessary and available funding and personnel to maximize sales and corresponding return to CE under the License Agreement. Morphogen-IX, at its own cost, has the right to control the prosecution, maintenance and enforcement of the BMP Patents. CE has certain step-in rights if Morphogen-IX does not conduct certain BMP patent-related activities as set forth in the License Agreement. 
 In consideration for the rights granted by CE under the License Agreement, Morphogen- IX is obligated to reimburse CE for out-of-pocket expenses incurred by CE prior to the effective date of the License Agreement and pay an annual license fee of 14,000 10,000 at an exchange rate of 0.74). 
 Additionally, Morphogen-IX is obligated to pay CE certain milestone payments in the aggregate amount of up to 1.1 million 0.8 million at an exchange rate of 0.74) upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones. Upon commercialization of any Licensed Products, Morphogen-IX is obligated to pay CE a low single-digit royalty based on Morphogen-IX s or its sublicensee s annual net sales for each Licensed Product in the relevant country until the expiry of the royalty term, subject customary royalty deductions for necessary third party licenses. In countries where valid claims exist under the licensed patents, royalties are payable on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and country-by-country basis until there are no more valid claims under the licensed patents in the relevant country. 
 Unless terminated earlier, the agreement will be in effect until the licensed patents have expired or been revoked without a right of further appeal; Morphogen-IX retains the right to use the licensed know-how in such circumstances. Morphogen-IX may terminate the License Agreement at any time for convenience with adequate written notice to CE. Either party may terminate the License Agreement based on customary termination rights. CE retains the right to terminate the agreement if Morphogen-IX challenges the validity or ownership of the BMP patents. 
 Capella Bioscience 
 As of December 31, 2022, Capella Bioscience, owned two pending U.S. patent applications, one issued U.S. patent, one issued foreign patent in the UK, one issued patent in Japan and four pending foreign patent applications, which include claims directed to compositions and methods of use of the lead anti-LIGHT antibody. The issued patents, which includes composition of matter claims and pharmaceutical composition claims to Capella s lead anti-LIGHT antibody and method of use claims with Capella s lead anti-LIGHT antibody, expires in 2038, and the pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2038, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. Capella Bioscience also owns one pending U.S. patent application and 13 pending foreign patent applications with claims directed to compositions and methods of use of the lead anti-BDCA2 antibody. The pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2040, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. Capella Bioscience also owns one pending U.S. patent application and five pending foreign applications with claims directed to compositions and methods of use of anti-PD-L1 antibodies. The pending patent application, once nationalized and if issued, is expected to expire in 2040, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 LockBody 
 As of December 31, 2022, LockBody owned nine pending U.S. applications and 21 pending foreign patent applications. LockBody s patent portfolio includes composition of matter claims directed to LockBody s CD47 agents, CD3 agents, CD28 agents and CD89 agents and method of treatment claims with LockBody s agents. The pending patent applications, once nationalized, where applicable, and if issued, are expected to expire between 2039 and 2042, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, LockBody s subsidiary, Ultrahuman Two Limited, owned one pending U.S. application and eight pending foreign patent applications, includes composition of matter claims directed to anti-CD47 antibodies and method of treatment claims with anti-CD47 antibodies. The pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2039, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, LockBody s subsidiary, Ultrahuman Four Limited, owned two issued U.S. patents, one pending U.S. application and 12 pending foreign patent applications. The U.S. patent, which has composition of matter claims directed to anti-CD47 antibodies, expires in 2038, without taking into account any possible patent term extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. The pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2038, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 LockBody IP Assignment 
 LockBody has obtained from UltraHuman Limited UH ), an assignment of all intellectual property rights, title, and interest related to the LockBody platform. In September 2019, UH and LockBody entered into an Amended and Restated Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement IP Assignment ), expanding the prior April 2017 IP Assignment related to the LockBody antibodies, to further include intellectual property related to the LockBody technology platform which enables the activity of pharmaceutically-active molecules such as an antibody or receptor proteins to be locked inside a carrier molecule in an inactive prodrug state, until the prodrug so encapsulated is activated within a desired tissue, whereon the prodrug is released, including the use of platform technology with an antibody. LockBody also owns patent rights related to the LB101 conditional mAb targeting CD47 for the treatment of solid tumors. 
 Orexia Therapeutics 
 As of December 31, 2022, Orexia Therapeutics owned five pending U.S. provisional patent applications, three pending applications in Taiwan, and four pending PCT international applications. Orexia s patent portfolio includes claims directed to OX2R agonists and uses thereof. The pending patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2041, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity, or other governmental fees. 
 Orexia License Agreement 
 In January 2019, Heptares Therapeutics Limited entered into a license, assignment, and research services agreement with Orexia Limited, which was amended and restated in 2020 (together the Agreement ), relating to certain specific molecules with, among other criteria, the primary mode of action of an orexin agonist or orexin positive modulator Molecules ). Under the agreement, Heptares assigned to Orexia all of Heptares right, title, and interest in and to intellectual property that is already in existence and that is developed as a result of the agreement that relates solely to Molecules or products that contain Molecules Products ), including all rights to obtain patent or similar protection throughout the world for such intellectual property and to take any and all actions regarding past infringements of existing intellectual property. Additionally, Heptares granted to Orexia an exclusive, sublicensable (subject to certain terms) license to make, import, export, use, sell, or offer for sale, including to development, commercialization, registration, modification, enhancement, improvement, manufacturing, holding, keeping or disposing of Molecules and Products. Heptares must not by itself or through a third party (other than a single company) exploit, use or dispose of inter alia any product in the field of orexin agonism and orexin positive modulation for the duration of the agreement and for three years thereafter. 
 In consideration for the assignment and license, Orexia is to pay Heptares a royalty in the low single-digits on net sales of Products (subject to limitations in certain scenarios). Royalties are on a Product-by-Product and country-by country basis. Payments shall commence with the first commercial sale of such product in a country and shall continue until the later of: (a) the duration of regulatory exclusivity in the country; or (b) ten years after the first commercial sale. Further, 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Orexia is responsible for all development costs incurred by itself or Heptares in the performance of the research program (within the confines of the research budget). Additionally, Orexia must pay Heptares, on a Molecule-by-Molecule basis, development milestone payments in the aggregate of a low double-digit number in the millions of pounds sterling. Milestone payments are payable once per Molecule. 
 Orexia may terminate the agreement at any time following the expiration or termination of the research program. In addition, customary termination rights exist for both parties for breach and insolvency. In the event of termination, all licenses automatically terminate. The term of the agreement is until the later of: (i) the expiration of the last to expire patent within the licensed intellectual property; (ii) the expiration of the royalty term; and (iii) the fifteenth anniversary of the effective date. Upon expiration, with respect to any given Molecule, the license granted to Orexia shall become perpetual, irrevocable, and fully-paid up. 
 Government Regulation 
 United States Food and Drug Administration Regulation 
 The FDA, and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of drugs and biologics such as those we are developing. We, along with our vendors, collaboration partners, clinical research organizations CROs ), and CMOs, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical, manufacturing and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals of drugs and ensuring subsequent compliance with appropriate United States federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process or post-approval may subject an applicant to delays in development or approval, as well as administrative and judicial sanctions. 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and biologics under the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act PHSA ), and their implementing regulations. Both drugs and biologics are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Our product candidates are early-stage and have not been approved by the FDA for marketing in the United States. 
 Our product candidates must be approved for therapeutic indications by the FDA before they may be marketed in the United States. For our drug product candidates regulated under the FDCA, FDA must approve a New Drug Application NDA ). For our biologic product candidates regulated under the FDCA and PHSA, FDA must approve a BLA. The process is similar and generally involves the following: 
 
 completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with GLP, requirements; 
 submission to the FDA of an IND, application which must become effective before clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually and when certain changes are made; 
 approval of the protocol and related documentation by an Institutional Review Board IRB ), or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in accordance with the FDA s Good Clinical Practice GCP ), requirements and any additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 
 preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA after completion of all pivotal trials; 
 payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA or BLA (unless a fee waiver applies); 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to file the application for review; 
 satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the product will be produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice requirements cGMPs ), to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to ensure and preserve the drug or biological product s identity, strength, quality and purity; 
 satisfactory completion of any FDA audits of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or BLA; and 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA, including, where applicable, consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug or biologic in the United States. 
 Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials 
 Before testing any drug or biologic in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess safety and in some cases to establish the rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal and state regulations and requirements, including GLP requirements for safety and toxicology studies. In the United States, the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information and analytical data must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. 
 An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before clinical trials may begin. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. In the United States, the IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks, and imposes a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. Accordingly, submission of an IND may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a trial. 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirements that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters and criteria to be used in monitoring safety and evaluating effectiveness. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable related to the anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. 
 The FDA may, at any time during the initial 30-day IND review period or while clinical trials are ongoing under the IND, impose a partial or complete clinical hold based on concerns for patient safety and/or noncompliance with regulatory requirements. This order issued by the FDA would delay a proposed clinical study or cause suspension of an ongoing study until all outstanding concerns have been adequately addressed, and the FDA has notified the company that investigations may proceed. Imposition of a clinical hold could cause significant delays or difficulties in completing planned clinical studies in a timely manner. In addition, the IRB, or the sponsor may suspend or discontinue a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may recommend that the clinical trial be stopped if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trials to public registries. In the United States, information about applicable clinical trials, including clinical trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical study not conducted under an IND if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Clinical trials to evaluate therapeutic indications to support NDAs and BLAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap. 
 Phase 1 Phase 1 clinical trials involve initial introduction of the investigational product in a limited population of healthy human volunteers or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are typically designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, evaluate the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness. 
 Phase 2 Phase 2 clinical trials typically involve administration of the investigational product to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve administration of the investigational product to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for physician labeling. Generally, two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA or BLA. 
 Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and are commonly intended to generate additional safety data regarding use of the product in a clinical setting. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. Failure to exhibit due diligence with regard to conducting required Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of approval for products. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators fifteen days after the trial sponsor determines the information qualifies for reporting for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human participants exposed to the drug or biologic and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must also notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction as soon as possible but in no case later than seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the drug or biological characteristics of the product candidate and finalize a process for manufacturing the drug product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and manufacturers must develop, among other things, methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life and to identify appropriate storage conditions for the product candidate. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 FDA Marketing Application Review Process 
 Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA (for a drug) or BLA (for a biologic) requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The NDA or BLA must include all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical studies and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational drug, or the safety, purity and potency of the investigational biologic, to the satisfaction of the FDA. FDA approval of an NDA or BLA must be obtained before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States. 
 In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act PREA ), certain NDAs and BLAs and certain supplements to an NDA or BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug or biological product candidate for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDCA requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug or biological product that includes a new active ingredient or clinically active component, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan within 60 days after an End-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and FDA. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA generally does not apply to a drug or biological product for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 In the United States, the FDA reviews all submitted NDAs and BLAs to ensure they are sufficiently complete to permit substantive review before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting the NDA or BLA for filing. The FDA makes a decision on accepting an NDA or BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt, and such decision could include a refusal to file by the FDA. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the application. The FDA reviews an NDA or BLA to determine, among other things, whether the product is safe and effective and whether the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards, including cGMP requirements, designed to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality and purity. Under the goals and polices agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), the FDA targets ten months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of an original NDA for a new molecular entity or BLA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of an original NDA for a new molecular entity or BLA filed for priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard or priority NDAs or BLAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 Further, under PDUFA, as amended, each NDA or BLA must be accompanied by a user fee, and the sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is also subject to an annual program fee. FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions may be available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs or BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 The FDA may refer an application for a drug or biologic to an advisory committee. An advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, which reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP and other requirements and the integrity of the clinical data submitted to the FDA. 
 After evaluating the application and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a Complete Response Letter. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application is not ready for approval. A Complete Response Letter will usually describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the NDA or BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the Complete Response Letter without 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots, and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the Complete Response Letter, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the NDA or BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 
 Even if the FDA approves a product, depending on the specific risk(s) to be addressed, the FDA may limit the approved indications for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess a product s safety or efficacy after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution and use restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use ETASU ). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patent registries. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA or BLA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA or BLA without a REMS, if required. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. 
 Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation ODD ), to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with either a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 individuals in the United States when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug or biologic in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States of that drug or biologic. ODD must be requested before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants ODD, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. 
 If a product that has received ODD and subsequently receives the first FDA approval for that drug or biologic for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA or BLA, to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years from the approval of the NDA or BLA, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or if the FDA finds that the holder of the orphan drug exclusivity has not shown that it can assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan drug to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of ODD are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA or BLA application user fee. 
 A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received ODD. In addition, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 The FDA maintains several programs intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs and biologics to address unmet medical needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. These programs include Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval. Additionally, under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 FDORA ), sponsors of designated platform technologies may receive expedited development and review of any subsequent application for a drug or biologic that uses or incorporates the platform technology. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 A new drug or biologic is eligible for Fast Track designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Fast Track designation provides increased opportunities for sponsor interactions with the FDA during preclinical and clinical development, in addition to the potential for rolling review once a marketing application is filed, meaning that the FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track product s application before the application is complete upon satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 In addition, a new drug or biological product may be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic, alone or in combination with or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough Therapy designation provides all the features of Fast Track designation in addition to intensive guidance on an efficient development program beginning as early as Phase 1, and FDA organizational commitment to expedited development, including involvement of senior managers and experienced review staff in a cross-disciplinary review, where appropriate. 
 Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with Fast Track, or Breakthrough Therapy designation, may also be eligible for priority review. A product is eligible for priority review if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. For an original NDA for a new molecular entity and a BLA, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (compared with ten months under standard review). 
 The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition that generally provides a meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over available treatments, and demonstrates an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality IMM ), that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 
 For drugs and biologics granted accelerated approval, the FDA generally requires sponsors to conduct, in a diligent manner, adequate and well-controlled post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies with due diligence, failure to confirm a clinical benefit during the post-approval studies, or dissemination of false or misleading promotional materials would allow the FDA to withdraw the product approval on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated approval are subject to prior review by the FDA unless the FDA informs the applicant otherwise. 
 Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, and priority review do not change the scientific or medical standards for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval but may expedite the development or review process. 
 Under FDORA, a platform technology incorporated within or utilized by a drug or biological product is eligible for designation as a designated platform technology if (1) the platform technology is incorporated in, or utilized by, a drug approved under an NDA or BLA; (2) preliminary evidence submitted by the sponsor of the approved or licensed drug, or a sponsor that has been granted a right of reference to data submitted in the application for such drug, demonstrates that the platform technology has the potential to be incorporated in, or utilized by, more than one drug without an adverse effect on quality, manufacturing, or safety; and (3) data or information submitted by the applicable person indicates that incorporation or utilization of the platform technology has a reasonable likelihood to bring significant efficiencies to the drug development or manufacturing process and to the review process. A sponsor may request the FDA to designate a platform technology as a designated platform technology concurrently with, or at any time after, submission of an IND application for a drug that incorporates or utilizes the platform technology that is the subject of the request. If so designated, the FDA may expedite the development and review of any subsequent original NDA or BLA for a drug that uses or incorporates the platform technology. Designated platform technology status does not ensure that a drug will be developed more quickly or receive FDA approval. In addition, the FDA may revoke a designation if the FDA determines that a designated platform technology no longer meets the criteria for such designation. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Post-Approval Requirements for Drugs and Biologics in the United States 
 In the United States, drugs and biologics manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to extensive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include restrictions on promoting products for unapproved uses or patient populations (known as off-label use and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe approved products for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, including not only by Company employees but also by agents of the Company or those speaking on the Company s behalf, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties, including liabilities under the False Claims Act where products carry reimbursement under federal health care programs. Promotional materials for approved drugs and biologics must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use or first publication. Further, if there are any modifications to the product, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA or BLA or NDA or BLA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 The FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. For example, the FDA may require post-market testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. 
 In addition, drug and biologics manufacturers and their subcontractors involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our CMOs. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Manufacturers and other parties involved in the drug supply chain for prescription drug and biological products must also comply with product tracking and tracing requirements and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the United States. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. Failure to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, product seizures, injunctions, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, requirements for post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks, or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 
 safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; 
 mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and issuance of corrective information; 
 fines, warning letters, or untitled letters; 
 holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal of the FDA to approve applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and 
 consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs. 
 
 Regulation of Combination Products in the United States 
 Certain products may be comprised of components that are regulated under separate regulatory authorities and by different centers at the FDA. These products are known as combination products. A combination product is comprised of a combination of a drug and a device; a biological product and a device; a drug and a biological product; or a drug, a device, and a biological product. Under regulations issued by the FDA, a combination product includes: 
 
 a product comprised of two or more regulated components that are physically, chemically, or otherwise combined or mixed and produced as a single entity; 
 two or more separate products packaged together in a single package or as a unit and comprised of drug and device products, device and biological products, or biological and drug products; 
 a drug, device, or biological product packaged separately that according to its investigational plan or proposed labeling is intended for use only with an approved individually specified drug, device or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication, or effect and where upon approval of the proposed product the labeling of the approved product would need to be changed, e.g. , to reflect a change in intended use, dosage form, strength, route of administration, or significant change in dose; or 
 
 any investigational drug, device, or biological product packaged separately that according to its proposed labeling is for use only with another individually specified investigational drug, device, or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication, or effect. 
 Under the FDCA, the FDA is charged with assigning a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, for review of a combination product. That determination is based on the primary mode of action of the combination product, which means the single mode of action that provides the most important therapeutic action of the combination product, i.e., the mode of action expected to make the greatest contribution to the overall intended therapeutic effects of the combination product. 
 United States Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of our future product candidates, some of our United States patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date and only those claims covering such approved drug product, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. The patent-term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA or BLA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA or BLA. 
 Regulatory exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. 
 The FDCA also provides three years of exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent for other conditions of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 In addition, both drugs and biologics can also obtain pediatric exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 United States Biosimilars and Exclusivity 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively ACA ), signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act BPCIA ), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars in the United States. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. 
 Under the BPCIA, a reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. The first biological product determined to be interchangeable with a branded reference product for any condition of use is also eligible for a period of exclusivity, during which time the FDA may not determine that another product is interchangeable with the same reference product for any condition of use. The FDA may approve multiple first interchangeable products so long as they are all approved on the same first day of marketing. This exclusivity period, which may be shared among multiple first interchangeable products, lasts until the earlier of: (1) one year after the first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable product; (2) 18 months after resolution of a patent infringement suit instituted under 42 U.S.C. 262(l)(6) against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product, based on a final court decision regarding all of the patents in the litigation or dismissal of the litigation with or without prejudice; (3) 42 months after approval of the first interchangeable product, if a patent infringement suit instituted under 42 U.S.C. 262(l)(6) against the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product is still ongoing; or (4) 18 months after approval of the first interchangeable product if the applicant that submitted the application for the first interchangeable product has not been sued under 42 U.S.C. 262(l)(6). At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Other United States Regulatory Matters 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities of product candidates following product approval, where applicable, or commercialization are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, which may include the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments and governmental agencies. 
 Other United States Healthcare Laws 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufactures to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act FCA ), which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which companies research, sell, market and distribute pharmaceutical products. In addition, transparency laws and patient privacy laws can apply to the activities of pharmaceutical manufactures. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that can affect a pharmaceutical company s operations include without limitation: 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. Violations are subject to civil and criminal fines and penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, but such exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection; 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the FCA, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement, including providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label, material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the federal government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which created federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their business associates as well as their covered subcontractors. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 
 The federal legislation commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the ACA, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other licensed health care practitioners and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; Federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; 
 
 Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 
 Analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state and local laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; state laws that require the reporting of information related to drug pricing; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations with respect to certain laws. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect our business in an adverse way. Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. Ensuring our business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects companies to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause a pharmaceutical company to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. 
 Health Reform 
 In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. For example, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the ACA was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things, subjects biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars; increases the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; establishes annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs; and creates a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition to coverage under Medicare Part D for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted: 
 The Budget Control Act of 2011 and subsequence legislation, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress that include aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which remain in effect through 2031. Due to the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, estimated budget deficit increases resulting from the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and subsequent legislation, Medicare payments to providers will be further reduced starting in 2025 absent further legislation. 
 The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. 
 Moreover, payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services and result in reduced demand for certain pharmaceutical products or additional pricing pressures. 
 Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. presidential executive orders, congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 President Biden has issued multiple executive orders that have sought to reduce prescription drug costs. In addition, in February 2023, HHS issued a proposal in response to an October 2022 executive order from President Biden that includes a proposed prescription drug pricing model that will test whether targeted Medicare payment adjustments will sufficiently incentivize manufacturers to complete confirmatory trials for drugs approved through FDA s accelerated approval pathway. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA includes several provisions that may impact our business to varying degrees, including provisions that reduce the out-of-pocket spending cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries from 7,050 to 2,000 starting in 2025, thereby effectively eliminating the coverage gap; impose new manufacturer financial liability on certain drugs under Medicare Part D, allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D price caps for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition; require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for certain drug prices that increase faster than inflation; and delay until January 1, 2032 the implementation of the HSS rebate rule that would have limited the fees that pharmacy benefit managers can charge. Further, under the IRA, orphan drugs are exempted from the Medicare drug price negotiation program, but only if they have one rare disease designation and for which the only approved indication is for that disease or condition. If a product receives multiple rare disease designations or has multiple approved indications, it may not qualify for the orphan drug exemption. The effects of the IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our drugs or put pressure on our drug pricing, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our drugs or put pressure on our drug pricing, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Reimbursement 
 Sales of our products, when and if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 organizations. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug or biological products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is: 
 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 
 safe, effective and medically necessary; 
 appropriate for the specific patient; 
 cost-effective; and 
 neither experimental nor investigational. 
 
 In the United States, for example, principal decisions about reimbursement for new products are typically made by CMS, which decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private third-party payors often follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement to a substantial degree. However, one third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product candidate does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product candidate. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, coverage determination is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Further, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid health care costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of biosimilars for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. 
 The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1 of average manufacturer price AMP ), to 23.1 of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible for Medicaid drug benefits. 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA ), established the Medicare Part D program to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan likely will be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 
 
 For a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. As of 2010, the ACA expanded the types of entities eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing, although, under the current state of the law, with the exception of children s hospitals, these newly eligible entities will not be eligible to receive discounted 340B pricing on orphan drugs. In addition, as 340B drug pricing is determined based on AMP and Medicaid rebate data, the revisions to the Medicaid rebate formula and AMP definition described above could cause the required 340B discount to increase. 
 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide coverage and reimbursement. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs and biologics is a time-consuming and costly process, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which a drug is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Assuming coverage is obtained for a given product by a third-party payor, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Patients are unlikely to use products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of prescribed products. 
 In addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 European Drug Development 
 In the EU, our future products also may be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the United States, medicinal products can be marketed only if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. 
 Similar to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. In April 2014, the EU adopted the new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014, which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC on January 31, 2022. The transitory provisions of the new Regulation provide that, by January 31, 2025, all ongoing clinical trials must have transitioned to the new Regulation. The new Regulation is directly applicable in all Member States (and so does not require national implementing legislation in each Member State) and aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical studies in the EU. The main characteristics of the new Regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point through the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts (Part I contains scientific and medicinal product documentation and Part II contains the national and patient-level documentation). Part I is assessed by a coordinated review by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted Concerned Member States of a draft report prepared by a Reference Member State. Part II is assessed separately by each Concerned Member State. Strict deadlines have also been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. 
 We are in the process of applying to renew our status with the EMA as a small and medium-sized enterprise SME ). If we obtain SME status with the EMA, it will provide access to administrative, regulatory and financial support, including fee reductions for scientific advice and regulatory procedures. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 European Drug Review and Approval 
 In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a marketing authorization MA ). There are two main types of MAs: 
 
 The centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use CHMP ), of the EMA, and is valid throughout the entire territory of EU and the additional Member States of the European Economic Area (Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as products produced by biotechnological processes, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicinal products (gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. Under the centralized procedure the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a MA application by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. Clock stops may extend the timeframe of evaluation of a MA application considerably beyond 210 days. Where the CHMP gives a positive opinion, the EMA provides the opinion together with supporting documentation to the European Commission, who make the final decision to grant a MA, which is issued within 67 days of receipt of the EMA s recommendation. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation of a MA application under the accelerated assessment procedure is 150 days, excluding stop-clocks, but it is possible that the CHMP may revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it determines that the application is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. 
 National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EU, this national MA can be recognized in other Member States through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State RMS ). The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics, or SmPC, and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Concerned Member States) for their approval. If the Concerned Member States raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling, or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Concerned Member States). 
 
 Under the above-described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 European Data and Market Exclusivity 
 In the EU, innovative medicinal products (including both small molecules and biological medicinal products), sometimes referred to as new active substances, approved on the basis of a complete and independent data package, generally qualify for eight years of data exclusivity upon an MA and an additional two years of market exclusivity. The data exclusivity, if granted, prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from referencing the innovator s preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EU, for a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. During the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar MA can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar product can be marketed in the EU until the expiration of the market exclusivity period. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an MA for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are determined to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with currently approved therapies. There is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EMA to be an innovative medicinal product, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. Even if an innovative medicinal product gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company could nevertheless also market another version of the product if such company obtained an MA based on an application with a complete and independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials. 
 European orphan designation and exclusivity 
 In the EU, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products grants orphan designation in respect of a product if its sponsor can establish that: (1) the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU, when the application is made, or (b) it is unlikely that the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in its development; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or, if such a method exists, the product would be of a significant benefit to those affected by that condition. 
 In the EU, orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers, and ten years of market exclusivity is granted following marketing approval for the orphan medicinal product. This period may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the orphan designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. During the period of market exclusivity, an MA may only be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same therapeutic indication if: (i) a second applicant can establish that its product, although similar to the authorized product, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; (ii) the MA holder for the authorized product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or (iii) the MA holder for the authorized product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product. A similar medicinal product is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 European pediatric investigation plan 
 In the EU, companies developing a new medicinal product must agree upon a pediatric investigation plan PIP ), with the EMA s Pediatric Committee PDCO ), and must conduct pediatric clinical trials in accordance with that PIP, unless the EMA has granted a product-specific waiver, a class waiver, or a deferral for one or more of the measures included in the PIP. This requirement also applies when a company wants to add a new indication, pharmaceutical form or route of administration for a medicine that is already authorized. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the product for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults, in which case the pediatric clinical trials must be completed at a later date. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when this data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Products that are granted an MA with the results of pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the PIP (even where such results are negative) are eligible for six months supplementary protection certificate SPC extension, provided an application for such extension is made at the same time as filing the SPC application for the product, or at any point up to two years before the SPC expires. In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two year extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PRIME Designation 
 In March 2016, the EMA launched an initiative to facilitate development of product candidates in indications, often rare, for which few or no therapies currently exist. The PRIority Medicines PRIME ), scheme is intended to encourage product development in areas of unmet medical need and provides accelerated assessment of products representing substantial innovation, where the MA application will be made through the centralized procedure. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need (there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicine will bring a major therapeutic advantage) and they must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Applicants will typically be at the exploratory clinical trial phase of development and will have preliminary clinical evidence in patients to demonstrate the promising activity of the medicine and its potential to address to a significant extent an unmet medical need. In exceptional circumstances, products from small- and medium-sized enterprises may qualify for earlier entry into the PRIME scheme than larger companies, if compelling nonclinical data in a relevant model provide early evidence of promising activity, and first in man trials indicate adequate exposure for the desired pharmacotherapeutic effects and tolerability. Many benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and accelerated MA application assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Importantly, a dedicated EMA contact and rapporteur from the EMA s CHMP or Committee for Advanced Therapies are appointed early in the PRIME scheme facilitating increased understanding of the product at EMA s Committee level. A kick-off meeting initiates these relationships and includes a team of multidisciplinary experts at the EMA to provide guidance on the overall development and regulatory strategies. Where, during the course of development, a medicine no longer meets the eligibility criteria, support under the PRIME scheme may be withdrawn. 
 Regulatory Requirements After a Marketing Authorization has been Obtained 
 If an MA for a medicinal product in the EU is obtained, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. These include: 
 Compliance with the EU s stringent pharmacovigilance or safety reporting rules must be ensured. These rules can impose post-authorization studies and additional monitoring obligations. 
 
 The manufacturing of authorized medicinal products, for which a separate manufacturer s license is mandatory, must also be conducted in strict compliance with the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including Directive 2001/83/EC, Directive 2003/94/EC, Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and the European Commission Guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practice. These requirements include compliance with EU cGMP standards when manufacturing medicinal products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, including the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients outside of the EU with the intention to import the active pharmaceutical ingredients into the EU. 
 
 The marketing and promotion of authorized products, including industry-sponsored continuing medical education and advertising directed toward the prescribers of products and/or the general public, are strictly regulated in the EU. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is prohibited across the EU. 
 Much like the Anti-Kickback Statue prohibition in the United States, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians or other health care professionals to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to induce or reward improper performance generally is usually governed by the national anti-bribery laws of EU Member States, and the Bribery Act 2010 in the UK. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. EU Directive 2001/83/EC, which is the EU Directive governing medicinal products for human use, further provides that, where medicinal products are being promoted to persons qualified to prescribe or supply them, no gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or promised to such persons unless they are inexpensive and relevant to the practice of medicine or pharmacy. This provision has been transposed into the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 and so remains applicable in the UK despite its departure from the EU. 
 Payments made to physicians or other healthcare professionals in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 applicable in the EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. 
 
 The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA. 
 Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom 
 The UK officially withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020 and the EU and the UK signed a trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, which was provisionally applicable since January 1, 2021 and has been formally applicable since May 1, 2021. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP documents issued, but does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations. At present, Great Britain has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the EU regulatory framework continues to apply in Northern Ireland). The regulatory regime in Great Britain therefore aligns in many ways with current EU regulations, however it is possible that these regimes will diverge more significantly in future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical legislation. For example, the UK has implemented the now repealed Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC into national law through the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004 (as amended). The extent to which the regulation of clinical trials in the UK will mirror the new Clinical Trials Regulation now that has come into effect is not yet known, however the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA ), the UK s medicines regulator, has conducted a consultation on a set of proposals designed to improve and strengthen the United Kingdom clinical trials legislation. Such consultation ran from January 17, 2022 to March 14, 2022, and the MHRA is currently analyzing feedback. However, notwithstanding that there is no wholesale recognition of EU pharmaceutical legislation under the TCA, under the new framework mentioned below which will be put in place by the MHRA from January 1, 2024, the MHRA has stated that it will take into account decisions on the approval of MAs from the EMA (and certain other regulators) when considering an application for a Great Britain MA. On February 27, 2023, the UK government and the European Commission announced a political agreement in principle to replace the Northern Ireland Protocol with a new set of arrangements, known as the Windsor Framework . This new framework fundamentally changes the existing system under the Northern Ireland Protocol, including with respect to the regulation of medicinal products in the UK. In particular, the MHRA will be responsible for approving all medicinal products destined for the UK market (Great Britain and Northern Ireland), and the EMA will no longer have any role in approving medicinal products destined for Northern Ireland. Once the Windsor Framework is approved by the EU-UK Joint Committee, the UK Government and the EU will enact legislative measures to enact it into law. 
 Great Britain is no longer covered by the EU s procedures for the grant of MAs (Northern Ireland is covered by the centralized authorization procedure and can be covered as a CMS under the decentralized or mutual recognition procedures). A separate MA will be required to market drugs in Great Britain. All medicinal products with a valid centralized MA on January 1, 2021 were automatically converted into Great Britain MAs (unless the MA holder opted out of such a conversion). For three years from January 1, 2021, the UK s regulator, the MHRA, may adopt decisions taken by the European Commission on the approval of new MAs through the centralized procedure, and the MHRA will have regard to MAs approved in a country in the European Economic Area (although in both cases an MA will only be granted if any Great Britain-specific requirements are met). This is known as the EC Decision Reliance Procedure. On January 24, 2023, the MHRA announced that a new international recognition framework will be put in place from January 1, 2024, which will have regard to decisions on the approval of MAs made by the European Medicines Agency and certain other regulators. Various national procedures are now available to place a product on the market in the UK, Great Britain, or Northern Ireland. The MHRA offers a 150-day assessment timeline for all high quality applications for a UK, Great Britain or Northern Ireland MA. The 150 day timeline does not, however, include a clock-off period which may occur if issues arise or points require clarification following an initial assessment of the application. Such issues should be addressed within a 60-day period, although extensions may be granted in exceptional cases. 
 Since January 1, 2021, a separate process for orphan designation has applied in Great Britain. There is now no pre-MA orphan designation (as there is in the EU) in Great Britain and the application for orphan designation will be reviewed by the MHRA at the time of an MA application for a UK or Great Britain MA. The criteria for orphan designation are the same as in the EU, save that they apply to Great Britain only (e.g., there must be no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition concerned in Great Britain, as opposed to the EU, and the prevalence of the condition must be no more than 5 in 10,000 person in Great Britain). 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Cybersecurity and Personal Data Processing 
 The collection, use, transfer, disclosure, retention, security and other processing of personal data (including, without limitation, clinical trial data and other personal health data) (collectively, Process or Processing may be subject to independent and overlapping data security and privacy regulatory frameworks in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. These frameworks are evolving and may impose potentially conflicting obligations. For example, in the EEA, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, which became effective May 25, 2018, governs the Processing of personal data. The GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA and to companies established outside the EEA that Process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for data controllers (such as clinical trial sponsors) of personal data, including stringent requirements relating to the consent of data subjects, expanded disclosures about how personal data is used, requirements to conduct data protection impact assessments for high risk Processing, expanded the scope of rights data subjects can exercise, limitations on retention of personal data, special provisions for sensitive information including health and genetic information of data subjects, mandatory data breach notification and privacy by design requirements, and direct obligations on service providers acting as data processors. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA to countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data, like the U.S. Such transfers of personal data outside of the EEA require the use of a valid transfer mechanism and, in many cases, the implementation of supplementary technical, organizational and/or contractual measures (see below). Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EEA Member States may result in fines up to 20 million euros or 4 of a company s global annual revenues for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Moreover, the GDPR grants data subjects the right to request deletion of personal data in certain circumstances and claim material and non-material damages resulting from infringement of the GDPR. 
 In addition, further to the UK s exit from the EU on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the UK at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the UK s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020 but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the UK s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the EU s data protection regime. The UK Government has announced plans to reform the data protection legal framework in its Data Reform Bill but those have been put on hold. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 17.5 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission EC has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. 
 To enable the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA or the UK, adequate safeguards must be implemented in compliance with European and UK data protection laws. On June 4, 2021, the EC issued new forms of standard contractual clauses for data transfers from controllers or processors in the EU/EEA (or otherwise subject to the GDPR) to controllers or processors established outside the EU/EEA (and not subject to the GDPR). The new standard contractual clauses replace the standard contractual clauses that were adopted previously under the EU Data Protection Directive. Transfers made pursuant to the new standard contractual clauses need to be assessed on a case-by-case basis to ensure the law in the recipient country provides essentially equivalent protections to safeguard the transferred personal data as the EEA, and required businesses to adopt supplementary measures if such standard is not met. 
 The UK is not subject to the EC s new standard contractual clauses but has published a UK-specific transfer mechanism, the International Data Transfer Agreement, which entered into force on March 21, 2021 and enables transfers from the UK. It requires a similar assessment of the data protection provided in the importer s country. We are required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted data transfers under the EU and UK GDPR and doing so will require significant effort and cost. 
 In the United States, there are a broad variety of data protection laws and regulations that may apply to our activities such as state data breach notification laws, state personal data privacy laws (for example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA )), state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. In California, the CCPA was enacted in June 2018, became effective on January 1, 2020, and was modified by the California Privacy Rights Act, which became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA broadly defines personal information, and creates new individual privacy rights and protections for California consumers (as defined in the 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 law), places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households, and provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. The CCPA requires covered business to provide certain disclosures to consumers about its data collection, use and sharing practices, and to provide affected California residents with ways to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information. While there is a broad exception for protected health information that is subject to HIPAA as well as clinical trial information, the CCPA may impact certain of our personal information processing activities if we become a "Business" regulated by the scope of the CCPA. 
 In addition to the CCPA, new privacy and data security laws have been proposed in more than half of the states in the U.S. and in the U.S. Congress, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the U.S., which trend may accelerate depending on the new U.S. presidential administration. The effects of the CCPA, and other similar state or federal laws, are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and potential liability in an effort to comply with such legislation. 
 Given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, achieving and maintaining compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations such as the GDPR, UK GDPR and CCPA will require significant time, resources and expense, and we may be required to put in place new or additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with current, evolving and new data protection requirements. This may be an onerous undertaking and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Rest of the World Regulation 
 For other countries outside of the EEA, the UK and the United States, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, privacy, information security, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had an aggregate of 83 full-time employees and 41 contractors. A contractor is defined as anyone directly contracted for a certain number of hours or days or in respect of a particular project. This does not include anyone that is engaged on an ad-hoc basis or contracted through a CRO or other firm without a direct contract. 33 of our employees have M.D. or Ph.D. degrees. Within our workforce, 46 employees are engaged in research and development and 37 are engaged in business development, finance, legal, and general management and administration. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Our human capital resource objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase shareholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. We also seek to align the incentives of the operational teams at our subsidiaries with our business objectives by employing incentivization agreements with such individuals. 
 As a global company, much of our success is rooted in the diversity of our teams and our commitment to inclusion. We value diversity at all levels and continue to focus on extending our diversity and inclusion initiatives across our entire workforce, from working with managers to develop strategies for building diverse teams to promoting the advancement of leaders from different backgrounds. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents we file with the SEC, including our financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, growth prospects and stock price. In such an event, the market price of our ADSs could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and the market price of our ADSs. 
 Risks Related to our Business Model and Structure 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to use our differentiated asset-centric approach to drug discovery and development to build a pipeline of product candidates with commercial value. 
 A key element of Centessa s strategy is to use our differentiated asset-centric approach to drug discovery and development to develop high conviction programs, product candidates, technologies or intellectual property that we believe are novel, employ differentiated mechanisms of action, or have a combination of these attributes to ultimately deliver transformational medicines to patients. We face significant competition in sourcing such high conviction programs, product candidates, technologies or intellectual property, partnering with founder-subject matter experts with high conviction assets that follow well elucidated biological pathways, seeking appropriate strategic partners (including founder-subject matter experts) and licensing and acquisition opportunities, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. We may not be successful in our efforts in building a pipeline of high conviction product candidates for the treatment of various diseases and disorders through acquisitions, licensing or through internal development or in progressing these product candidates through clinical development. Although we have initially combined a portfolio of ten asset-centric companies, each a Centessa Subsidiary, that are developing high conviction programs with clear biological rationale and, through our Centessa Subsidiaries, our research and development efforts to date have resulted in our identification, discovery and preclinical and clinical development of certain of our product candidates, these product candidates may not be safe or effective treatments or therapies in humans, and we may not be able to develop any other product candidates. Although we analyze whether we can replicate scientific results observed prior to our acquisition or investment in a product candidate, we may not be successful in doing so after our investment. Our asset-centric approach to drug discovery and development is evolving and may not succeed in building a pipeline of product candidates. Even if we are successful in building our pipeline of product candidates, the potential product candidates that we identify may not be suitable for clinical development or generate acceptable clinical data in humans, including as a result of unacceptable toxicity or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to receive marketing approval from the FDA, or other regulatory authorities or achieve market acceptance. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize product candidates, we will not be able to generate product revenue in the future, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely affect the price of our ADSs. 
 As part of our business strategy, we may expand our product candidate pipeline through in-licenses or acquisitions of discovery or development-stage assets or programs, which entails additional risk to us. While we believe our asset-centric approach offers an attractive platform for these transactions and for founder subject-matter experts and potential partners, our approach is unique and we may not be able to attract or execute transactions with founder-subject matter experts, sellers, licensors or collaborators who may choose to divest to or grant license to companies that employ more traditional licensing and collaboration approaches. Identifying, selecting, and acquiring promising product candidates requires substantial technical, financial and human resources expertise. Efforts to do so may not result in the actual acquisition or license of a successful product candidate, potentially resulting in a diversion of our management s time and the expenditure of our resources with no resulting benefit. For example, if we are unable to identify programs that ultimately result in approved products, we may spend material amounts of our capital and other resources evaluating, acquiring, and developing product candidates that ultimately do not provide a return on our investment. We may terminate programs in the future if they do not meet our criteria for advancement. 
 A single or limited number of subsidiaries, developmental assets or product candidates may comprise a large proportion of our value. 
 A large proportion of our value may at any time reside in a limited number of our subsidiaries and/or developmental assets or product candidates. Our consolidated financial condition and prospects may be materially diminished if the clinical development or potential commercialization prospects of one of our product candidates or programs or one or more of the intellectual property rights held by us become impaired. Furthermore, a large proportion of our consolidated revenue may at any time be derived from one, or a small number of, licensed technologies, and termination or expiration of licenses to these technologies would likely have a material adverse effect on our consolidated revenue. Any material adverse impact on the value of intellectual property rights or the clinical development of product candidates or programs, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we must focus on a limited number of research programs and product candidates and on specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential, or we may fail to recognize or acquire assets that may be more promising than those we acquire. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future identification, discovery, and preclinical development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. 
 We face challenges, risks and expenses related to the integration of the operations of our asset-centric Centessa Subsidiaries, as well as the management of the expected growth in the scale and complexity of our operations. 
 In January 2021, we acquired the ownership interests of our Centessa Subsidiaries where our current development programs reside. These Centessa Subsidiaries have historically operated as independent entities with generally separate management and operational teams. As a result, we will need to expend significant resources and efforts in integrating the operations of these Centessa Subsidiaries into our larger organization, and such integration activities may be challenging due to the number of Centessa Subsidiaries acquired and the heterogeneity of their historical operations. For example, these Centessa Subsidiaries programs span a range of therapeutic modalities and are designed to address a variety of disease areas. In addition, the Centessa Subsidiaries have conducted their business in a variety of jurisdictions in the U.S. and Europe. All of our Centessa Subsidiaries have had historical relationships with different licensors, contract organizations and other third-party vendors. 
 Each Centessa Subsidiary has historically had its own operational, legal, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and integrating such controls, reporting systems and procedures may be challenging and we may not be successful in doing so. We believe certain synergies may be achieved by harmonizing the operational, legal, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures but we may not be successful in our harmonization efforts and this may result in not only being unable to take advantage of synergies but expose us to additional operational, legal and financial risks and exposures associated with several levels of disparate systems and procedures. With limited resources, historically the Centessa Subsidiaries may not have dedicated sufficient resources to ensure its operational, legal, financial and management controls, reporting systems, compliance and other procedures meet required standards and this may expose us to historical non-compliance investigations and liabilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our operations. We also may face difficulties with the integration of our Centessa Subsidiaries if there is disagreement between the founder-subject matter experts and management of Centessa with respect to the development of the Centessa Subsidiary programs. 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had an aggregate of 83 employees and 41 contractors. We may not be successful in integrating and retaining such employees and consultants or find replacements which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop and commercialize our programs and product candidates. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, and as we refine our operations as a public company, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, legal, financial and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 
 managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 
 improving our operational, legal, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize any product candidates that are approved for marketing will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 We currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including substantially all aspects of regulatory approval, clinical trial management and manufacturing. There can be no assurance that the services of independent 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and potentially commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. We may not have sufficient funding to support our expansion. 
 Our reliance on a central team consisting of a limited number of employees who provide various administrative, research and development, and other services across our organization presents operational challenges that may adversely affect our business. 
 As of March 1, 2023, our central team consisted of 68 full-time equivalent employees, up on whom we rely for various operational, administrative, research and development, and other support services shared among our other operating subsidiaries. We also have consultants who we rely on for research and development, business development, and other services. While we believe this structure enables us to reduce certain infrastructure costs, the small size of our centralized team may limit our ability to devote adequate personnel, time, and resources to support the operations of all of our subsidiaries, including their operational, research and development activities, and the management of compliance, financial, accounting, and reporting matters. If our centralized team fails to provide adequate operational, administrative, research and development, or other services across our entire organization, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Some of our officers currently serve, and in the future may serve, as directors or officers of our Centessa Subsidiaries, and, as a result, have and may continue to have, statutory, fiduciary and other duties to our subsidiaries causing conflicts of interest with respect to their duties to us and their duties to our subsidiaries and in determining how to devote themselves to our affairs and the affairs of our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries partners may also disagree with the sufficiency of resources that we provide to each Centessa Subsidiary. 
 Certain of our officers, including Iqbal Hussain, our General Counsel, David Grainger, PhD, our Chief Innovation Officer and David Chao, PhD, our Chief Administrative Officer are directors and/or officers of certain Centessa Subsidiaries and, as a result, have fiduciary or other duties both to us and our subsidiaries. Drs. Saha, Grainger and Chao and Mr. Hussain do not receive any additional compensation for their service as directors of our Centessa Subsidiaries. The conflicts of interest that arise from such duties could interfere with the management of our subsidiaries and their programs and product candidates, or result in disagreements with our subsidiaries partners. For example, an individual who is both a director of one of our subsidiaries and an officer of Centessa owes statutory and fiduciary duties to the Centessa Subsidiary and to us, and such individual may encounter circumstances in which his or her decision or action may benefit the Centessa Subsidiary while having a detrimental impact on Centessa, or vice versa, or on another Centessa Subsidiary, including one for which he or she also serves as a director. Further, in the future, certain of our officers may serve as officers and directors of our Centessa Subsidiaries. Any such individual would need to allocate his or her time to responsibilities owed to Centessa and each of the Centessa Subsidiaries for which he or she serves as an officer or director, and would make decisions on behalf of one entity that may negatively impact others. In addition, disputes could arise between us and our Centessa Subsidiary s partners regarding a conflict of interest or perceived conflict of interest arising from the overlap between the officers and directors of the Centessa Subsidiary and those of Centessa. These partners also may disagree with the amount and quality of resources that are devoted to the Centessa Subsidiary they are invested in. Any such disputes or disagreements could distract our management, interfere with our relations with our partners, and take significant time to resolve, which could disrupt the development of our product candidates, delay our potential commercialization efforts, result in increased costs or make it less likely that other third parties will choose to partner with us in the future. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our Centessa Subsidiaries are party to certain agreements that provide our licensors and/or collaborators with rights that could delay or impact the ability of our Centessa Subsidiaries to sell assets, or enter into strategic alliances, collaborations or licensing arrangements with other third parties or the potential sale of our Centessa Subsidiaries. 
 Each of our Centessa Subsidiaries licenses intellectual property from third parties and we expect such practice to continue in the future. These third parties have certain rights that could delay collaboration, licensing or other arrangements with another third party, and the existence of these rights may adversely impact our ability to attract an acquirer or partner. These rights include rights of negotiation and fees payable upon a sale of assets or change of control of a Centessa Subsidiary that are contained in license agreements. 
 For example, each of ApcinteX, Z Factor and Morphogen-IX, is party to certain license agreements that provide for payments upon satisfaction of milestones, royalty payments, diligence obligations and other customary terms contained in agreements for the in-license of programs and their intellectual property. 
 We may incorporate, form or otherwise acquire additional subsidiaries and enter into similar agreements with future counterparties, or our Centessa Subsidiaries may enter into further agreements, that in each case may contain similar provisions or other terms that are not favorable to us. 
 Preclinical and clinical development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and we may terminate one or more of our current preclinical and/or clinical development programs. 
 We may determine that certain product candidates or programs (preclinical and/or clinical) do not have sufficient potential to warrant the continued allocation of resources toward them. Accordingly, we may elect to terminate our programs for and, in certain cases, our licenses to, such product candidates or programs. If we terminate programs in which we have invested significant resources, we will have expended resources on a program that will not provide a full return on our investment and missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses. In addition, program termination may result in significant additional wind-down related costs being incurred including penalties, redundancy and severance and professional fees and may expose us to additional risks including contractual breach and employment termination claims and may divert a disproportionate amount of management time. For example, in 2022, we determined to discontinue the lixivaptan program for the treatment of ADPKD, the small molecule EGFR Exon20 insertion mutation inhibitor program, the C797S mutation inhibitor program for the treatment of NSCLC, ZF874 program for the treatment of AATD, and the dual-STAT3/5 degrader program in AML. Additionally, in December 2022, as a result of protocol defined stopping criterion having been met, we suspended dosing in the MAD stage of the Phase 1 study of CBS001, a neutralizing therapeutic mAb to the inflammatory membrane form of LIGHT for inflammatory / fibrotic diseases. We recently determined to deprioritize CBS001 and have paused all development activities pending strategic review. We are evaluating strategic partnerships to progress CBS004, a therapeutic mAb targeting BDCA-2 for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, into the clinic. We may not be able to terminate a clinical program with an ongoing clinical trial on medical and other grounds and, to the extent we are able to terminate, such termination may expose us to additional risks including regulatory risk. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position, Need for Additional Capital and Growth Strategy 
 We, and our Centessa Subsidiaries have incurred net losses since inception, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We and our Centessa Subsidiaries have incurred significant net losses since inception, have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and financed operations primarily through private placements of preferred shares and debt. Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc has a limited operating history, and we expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. As an organization, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts to research and development, including clinical and preclinical development of our product candidates, as well as to building out our team. We expect that it could be several years, if ever, before we have a commercialized product candidate. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter each financial year. In addition, inflation could adversely impact our financial results. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: 
 continue our research and the preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, including our ongoing and planned clinical trials; 
 initiate additional clinical trials and preclinical studies for our other product candidates, including those in our pipeline that are expected to advance into the clinic in the near future; if any of our product candidates 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 advance through and complete late-stage development, prepare and submit marketing applications with the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities; 
 experience any delays or encounter any issues with any of the above, including but not limited to failed studies, complex results, safety issues or other regulatory challenges; 
 seek to discover and develop additional product candidates; 
 establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval; 
 maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 
 fulfill future potential payment obligations under our incentivization agreements with each Centessa Subsidiary; and 
 acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies. 
 To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize product candidates with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts and expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 Our limited operating history may make it difficult for investors to evaluate our business, operations and prospects. 
 Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, developing our operating model, raising capital, acquiring our technology, identifying potential product candidates, establishing collaborations and undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our most advanced product candidates. As an organization, we have not yet demonstrated a track record of completing Phase 3 trials of our product candidates, obtaining marketing approvals, manufacturing a commercial-scale product or conducting sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 
 In addition, as a new business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from a company with a research focus to a company that is also capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. 
 We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. 
 Our ability to generate revenue from product sales and achieve profitability depends on our ability, alone or with collaborative partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize, our product candidates. We do not anticipate generating revenues from product sales for the next several years, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenues from product sales depends heavily on our, or our collaborators , success in: 
 completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; 
 seeking and obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for product candidates for which we complete clinical trials; 
 in-licensing, acquiring, discovering or otherwise expanding our pipeline of product candidates for clinical development; 
 launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval by establishing a sales force, marketing and distribution infrastructure or, alternatively, collaborating with a commercialization partner; 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 qualifying for adequate coverage and reimbursement by government and third-party payors for our product candidates; 
 maintaining and enhancing a sustainable, scalable, reproducible and transferable manufacturing process for our product candidates; 
 establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and the market demand for our product candidates, if approved; 
 obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as a viable treatment option; 
 addressing any competing technological and market developments; 
 implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure, as needed; 
 negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; 
 maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; 
 avoiding and defending against third-party interference or infringement claims; and 
 attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. 
 Even if one or more of the product candidates that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA, or other regulatory authorities to perform clinical and other studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. 
 We will need substantial additional funds to advance development of our product candidates, and we cannot guarantee that we will have sufficient funds available in the future to develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is a very time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. We will need substantial additional funds to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing and sales capabilities or contract with other organizations in order to enter and advance our product candidates through preclinical studies and clinical trials. For example, in October 2021 we entered into the Oberland Capital Financing Agreement (See Note 5 Debt for more information). In January 2023, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement (the 2023 Sale Agreement with SVB Securities LLC SVB ), under which SVB is able to offer and sell, from time to time in at-the-market ATM offerings, shares of the Company s common stock having aggregate gross proceeds of up to 125 million. In the event of a sale of Company shares under the ATM, t he Company is obligated to pay to SVB cash commissions of up to 3.0 of the gross proceeds of sales of common stock under the 2023 Sale Agreement. Our Centessa Subsidiaries have used substantial funds in their research and development programs and will continue to expend significant resources to advance their programs and product candidates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 393.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. Based on our current operating model and development plans, which include certain assumptions, the Company expects cash and cash equivalents to fund its operations int o 2026 without drawing on the remaining available tranches under the Oberland Capital financing agreement. Our future capital requirements and the period for which we project our existing resources to support our operations may vary significantly from what we currently expect, and changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. Our monthly spending levels vary based on new and ongoing development and corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. 
 We expect to use our cash resources to fund the continued development and pre-commercialization costs of our clinical-stage product candidates; to fund continued development of the other programs in our pipeline, including designing 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as funding discovery, manufacturing, research and development; to fund the acquisition of and drug development activities related to new programs; although we have no material agreements, commitments or understandings with respect to any in-license or acquisition, we have and plan to continue to evaluate such opportunities and engage in related discussions with other business entities from time to time; and the remainder for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 To execute our business plan, we will need, among other things, to: 
 obtain the human and financial resources necessary to develop, test, obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture and market our product candidates; 
 build and maintain a strong intellectual property portfolio and avoid infringing intellectual property of third parties; 
 establish and maintain successful licenses, collaborations and alliances; 
 satisfy the requirements of clinical trial protocols, including patient enrollment; 
 establish and demonstrate the clinical efficacy and safety of our product candidates; 
 obtain regulatory approvals; 
 manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory approvals, commercialization, legal and regulatory compliance, and increased operations; 
 obtain additional capital to support and expand our operations; and 
 market our products to achieve acceptance and use by the medical community in general. 
 We do not expect to realize revenue from product sales, milestone payments or royalties in the foreseeable future, if at all. Our revenue sources are, and will remain, extremely limited unless and until our product candidates are clinically tested, approved for commercialization and successfully marketed and/or we sell, out-license or otherwise divest certain of our assets. 
 We will be required to seek additional funding in the future and intend to do so through either public or private equity offerings or debt financings, credit or loan facilities or a combination of one or more of these funding sources. Attempting to secure additional financing may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop our product candidates. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Additional funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our shareholders will suffer dilution and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of our shareholders. In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted, rights superior to those of existing shareholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in conducting future business activities, and, in the event of insolvency, debt holders would be repaid before holders of equity securities received any distribution of corporate assets. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Certain amounts of such additional funds raised may need to be used to pay third parties in respect of obligations we owe to them including to our licensors, under Incentivization Agreements (see Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments) and Oberland Capital. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to third parties to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Our credit facility and payment obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended NPA ), with Oberland Capital contain operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities, are subject to acceleration in specified circumstances and may adversely affect our financial position or results of operations and our ability to raise additional capital which in turn may increase our vulnerability to adverse regulatory developments or 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 economic or business downturns or which may result in Oberland Capital taking possession of our assets and disposing of any collateral. 
 Our credit facility with Oberland Capital contains restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Under the terms of the credit facility, we must maintain, and cause our subsidiaries to maintain, certain covenants, including with respect to limitations on new indebtedness, restrictions on the payment of dividends and maintenance of revenue levels. Our credit facility is collateralized by all of our assets including, among other things, our intellectual property. 
 Under the NPA, as amended, the Purchasers agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to sell, tranches of secured notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to 300,000,000 as follows: (a) a secured note in the aggregate principal amount of 75,000,000 (the First Purchase Note ), (b) on and after the Signing Date until September 30, 2023, at the Company s option, a secured note in the aggregate principal amount of 75,000,000 (the Second Purchase Note ), (c) on and after the Signing Date unti l December 31, 2023, at the Company s option, a secured note in the aggregate principal amount of 50,000,000 (the Third Purchase Note ), and (d) one or more secured notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to 100,000,000 at any time at the Company s and Purchasers option, to be used to finance certain permitted acquisitions as described in the NPA (the Fourth Purchase Notes and collectively with the First Purchase Note, the Second Purchase Note and the Third Purchase Note, the Notes ). The obligations of the Purchasers to purchase the Notes are subject to certain conditions precedent. On October 4, 2021 (the First Purchase Date ), the Company issued the First Purchase Note. The Notes will mature on the six-year anniversary of the First Purchase Date, unless earlier accelerated under the terms of the NPA. At maturity, the Company must repay the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and other outstanding obligations thereunder. Interest is payable quarterly during the term of the Notes at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the greater of (i) LIBOR (which may be subject to replacement as contemplated by the NPA) and (ii) 0.25 and (b) 7.75 (which percentage is subject to adjustment as described in the NPA); provided that the interest rate shall never be less than 8.00 . The interest rate for the Notes at December 31, 2022 was 11.49 per annum. Given the floating interest rate, the Company is subject to volatility and additional expense in the current increasing interest rate environment. The Company s obligations under the facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company and Guarantors, subject to variation in accordance with local law with respect to assets held by the Company and the Guarantors outside of the United States. 
 In addition, upon the first regulatory approval of any of the Company s product candidates by either the FDA or EMA, the Company is obligated to pay the Purchasers an amount equal to 30 of the aggregate principal amount issued under the Notes by the Company (the Milestone Payment ). The Milestone Payment shall be paid in quarterly installments over five years beginning on the earlier of (i) the date of the first commercial sale following such regulatory approval; and (ii) the six month anniversary of such regulatory approval. The Milestone Payment is triggered one time only, and applies only to the Company s first product to obtain regulatory approval. 
 The Company may redeem all, but not less than all, of the outstanding Notes (if any) and pay all other outstanding obligations under the NPA. On the applicable date, the Company shall repurchase the Notes by paying an amount of up to (i) 175 of the principal amount issued under the Notes if such repurchase occurs on or prior to the third anniversary of the First Purchase Date, (ii) 185 of the principal amount issued under the Notes if such repurchase occurs between the third and sixth anniversaries of the First Purchase Date, and (iii) 205 of the principal amount issued under the Notes if such repurchase occurs thereafter, in each case less specified deductions and exclusions described in the NPA, including amounts paid by the Company to the Purchasers in respect of certain asset sale or strategic transactions, the interest payments, the Revenue Participation Payments and the Milestone Payments (the Final Payment Amount ). 
 On February 11, 2022, we entered into an Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement and Waiver Amendment ). The Amendment contains a waiver of certain events of default and associated penalty interests under the NPA. The Amendment also provides that the Company is required to maintain a cash balance in an amount equal to 75 of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes, that have been issued on and from February 11, 2022. Also pursuant to the Amendment, the date for the Third Purchase Date to occur and the Commitment Termination Date are extended to December 31, 2023. The Amendment also provides that upon the sale of any of the Company s or any of its subsidiary's assets, if the Purchaser Agent elects to have the Company repurchase the Notes, such repurchase amounts will be subject to a 100 million deductible such that the Purchaser Agent will not collect any repurchase amounts until 100 million has been received by the Company from such sale event. In addition, the reduced payment cap that is triggered by the Purchaser Agent opting into a repayment in the event of an asset sale extends to the second loan tranche, if drawn. In November 2022, we entered into a Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (the Second Amendment that, among other terms, (i) waives the requirement to complete a restructuring of Pega-One or establish a blocked deposit account in favor of the Purchaser Agent, (ii) provides that the Company is required to maintain a cash balance in an amount 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 equal to 90 (increased from 75 of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes, and (iii) upon the sale of the assets of any of PearlRiver Bio, Pega-One or Janpix, the Purchaser Agent shall be deemed to have exercised the right to have the Company repurchase the Notes, and any contingent amounts from such asset sales shall not be counted toward the 100 million deductible such that the Purchaser Agent will not collect any repurchase amounts until 100 million has been actually received by the Company from such sale events. We divested PearlRiver in December 2022 and Pega-One in January 2023. 
 If we breach certain of our debt covenants and are unable to cure such breach within the prescribed period, or are not granted waivers in relation to such breach, it may constitute an event of default under the credit facility, giving Oberland Capital the right to require us to repay the then outstanding debt immediately, and Oberland Capital could, among other things, foreclose on the collateral granted to them to collateralize such indebtedness, if we are unable to pay the outstanding debt immediately. A breach of the covenants contained in the credit facility documents and the acceleration of its repayment obligations by Oberland Capital could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The credit facility and the Revenue Participation Payments and Milestone Payments contained therein could have important negative consequences to the holders of our securities. For example, a portion of our cash flow from operations will be needed to make payments to Oberland Capital and will not be available to fund future operations. Additionally, we may have increased vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions. Payment requirements under the credit facility will increase our cash outflows if and when the conditions for payment are triggered. Our future operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that are beyond our control. If our cash inflows and capital resources are insufficient to allow us to make required payments, we may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or seek additional capital. If we raise funds by selling additional equity, such sale would result in dilution to our stockholders. There is no assurance that if we are required to secure funding, we can do so on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 
 If we engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 
 As part of our asset-centric business model and strategy, we may engage in various acquisitions and strategic partnerships in the future, including licensing or acquiring new or complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies, or businesses. For example, in October 2021, our Centessa Subsidiary, Orexia, entered into an exclusive collaboration agreement with Schr dinger. Any acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 
 increased operating expenses and cash requirements; 
 the assumption of indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 
 the issuance of our equity securities which would result in dilution to our shareholders; 
 assimilation of operations, intellectual property, products and product candidates of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel; 
 the diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives in pursuing such an acquisition or strategic partnership; 
 retention of key employees, the loss of key personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; and 
 our inability to generate revenue from acquired intellectual property, technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives or even to offset the associated transaction and maintenance costs; and 
 our assumption of liabilities of the acquired subsidiary or acquired assets. 
 In addition, if we undertake such a transaction, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 If we acquire additional assets and/or companies in the future, it could adversely affect our operating results and the value of our ADSs. 
 As part of our asset-centric business model and strategy, we may acquire additional assets and/or companies. Investments in our existing and any future subsidiaries and developmental assets involve numerous risks, including, but not necessarily limited to: 
 risk of conducting research and development activities in new therapeutic areas or treatment modalities in which we have little to no experience; 
 diversion of financial and managerial resources from existing operations; 
 successfully negotiating a proposed acquisition, in-license or investment in a timely manner and at a price or on terms and conditions favorable to us; 
 successfully combining and integrating a potential acquisition into our existing business to fully realize the benefits of such acquisition; 
 the impact of regulatory reviews on a proposed acquisition, in-license or investment; and 
 the assumption of liabilities of acquired subsidiaries and outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted with respect to the proposed acquisition, in-license or investment. 
 If we fail to properly evaluate potential acquisitions, in-licenses, investments or other transactions associated with the creation of new research and development programs or the maintenance of existing ones, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such transaction, we might incur costs in excess of what we anticipate, and management resources and attention might be diverted from other necessary or valuable activities. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and the Clinical Development, Regulatory Review and Approval 
 Our product candidates are in various stages of development, including several in discovery and preclinical stages, and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially adversely affect their commercial viability. 
 We have no products on the market and most of our product candidates in our pipeline are in the early stages of development. For example, across our organization, we currently have two product candidates that are in clinical development SerpinPC and LB101. The remainder of our programs are in discovery or IND-enabling phases. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on obtaining regulatory approvals for, and successfully commercializing, our product candidates, either alone or with third parties. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the commercial distribution of our product candidates, we or a collaborator must conduct extensive preclinical tests and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug product candidates and the safety, purity, and potency or efficacy, of our biologic product candidates. Preclinical testing and clinical trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and are uncertain as to outcome. The start or end of a clinical study is often delayed or halted due to changing regulatory requirements, manufacturing challenges, required clinical trial administrative actions, slower than anticipated patient enrollment, changing standards of care, availability or prevalence of use of a comparative drug or required prior therapy, clinical outcomes or financial constraints. For instance, delays or difficulties in patient enrollment or difficulties in retaining trial participants can result in increased costs, longer development times or termination of a clinical trial. Clinical trials of a new product candidate require the enrollment of a sufficient number of patients, including patients who are suffering from the disease the product candidate is intended to treat and who meet other eligibility criteria. Rates of patient enrollment are affected by many factors, including the size of the patient population, the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial, the age and condition of the patients, the stage and severity of disease, the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites and the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease. 
 A product candidate can unexpectedly fail at any stage of preclinical and clinical development. For example, in 2022, we discontinued the lixivaptan program for the treatment of ADPKD, the small molecule EGFR Exon20 insertion mutation inhibitor program, the C797S mutation inhibitor program for the treatment of NSCLC, ZF874 program for the treatment of AATD, and the dual-STAT3/5 degrader program in AM L. Additionally, in December 2022, as a result of protocol defined stopping criterion having been met, we suspended dosing in the multiple ascending dose (MAD) stage of the Phase 1 study of CBS001, a neutralizing therapeutic mAb to the inflammatory membrane form of LIGHT for inflammatory / fibrotic diseases. We recently determined to deprioritize CBS001 and have paused all development activities pending strategic review. We are evaluating strategic partnerships to progress CBS004, a therapeutic mAb targeting BDCA-2 for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, into the clinic. The historical failure rate for product candidates is high due to scientific feasibility, safety, efficacy, changing standards of medical care and other variables. The 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 results from preclinical testing or early clinical trials of a product candidate may not predict the results that will be obtained in later phase clinical trials of the product candidate. We, the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including a belief that subjects participating in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. We may not have the financial resources to continue development of, or to enter into collaborations for, a product candidate if we experience any problems or other unforeseen events that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, product candidates, including: 
 negative or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for product candidates similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials or abandon a program; 
 serious and unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by participants in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar to our product candidates; 
 delays in submitting Investigational New Drug applications INDs ), Clinical Trial Applications CTAs ), or comparable foreign applications or delays or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial, or a suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 
 conditions imposed by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 
 delays in enrolling or our inability to enroll research subjects in clinical trials; 
 high drop-out rates of research subjects; 
 inadequate supply or quality of product candidate components or materials or other supplies necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 greater than anticipated clinical trial costs; 
 poor effectiveness of our product candidates during clinical trials; 
 unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of a clinical trial site; 
 failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 
 delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our technology in particular; 
 varying interpretations of data by the FDA and similar foreign regulatory agencies; or 
 factors including any delays caused by the continuing impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic and future epidemics, pandemics and other macroeconomic considerations. 
 Some of the clinical trials performed to date were, and in the future we may conduct, open-label studies involving only a limited number of clinical sites and a limited number of patients. An open-label clinical trial is one where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in open-label clinical trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to a patient bias where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. Moreover, patients selected for early clinical studies often include the most severe sufferers and their symptoms may have been bound to improve notwithstanding the new treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an investigator bias where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. The results from an open-label trial may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with any of our product candidates for which we include an open-label clinical trial when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. Given that our development program for SerpinPC has included open-label clinical trials, the results from these clinical trials, and any future open-label studies, may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with this or other product candidates when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify, discover, in-license or otherwise acquire additional product candidates and may fail to capitalize on programs or product candidates that may be a greater commercial opportunity or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 The success of our business depends upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize product candidates. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. Although certain of our product candidates are currently in clinical or preclinical development, we may fail to identify other potential product candidates for clinical development for several reasons. For example, our research may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates or our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects, may be commercially impracticable to manufacture or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. 
 Additionally, because we have limited resources, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with certain programs or product candidates or for indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our spending on current and future research and development programs may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through strategic collaboration, licensing or other arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. Alternatively, we may allocate internal resources to a product candidate in a therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering arrangement. 
 If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts with respect to a particular product candidate or fail to develop a potentially successful product candidate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Success in preclinical studies or early clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later trials. 
 Results from preclinical studies or previous clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future clinical trial results, and interim results of a clinical trial are not necessarily indicative of final results. The results generated to date in preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates do not ensure that later preclinical studies or clinical trials will demonstrate similar results. Our product candidates may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in clinical development despite demonstrating positive results in preclinical studies or having successfully advanced through initial clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical and earlier stage clinical trials. In later-stage clinical trials, we will likely be subject to more rigorous statistical analyses than in completed earlier stage clinical trials. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in clinical trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols, and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. We cannot guarantee that any of our clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, or at all. Clinical trials can fail at any stage of testing and failure may result from a multitude of factors, including, among other things, flaws in study design, dose selection issues, placebo effects, patient enrollment criteria and failure to demonstrate favorable safety or efficacy traits. 
 There is a high failure rate for small molecule drugs and biologic products proceeding through clinical development. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in preclinical testing and earlier-stage clinical trials. Data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. In addition, we may experience regulatory delays or rejections as a result of many factors, including due to changes in regulatory policy during the period of our product candidate development. Furthermore, the failure of any of our product candidates to demonstrate safety and efficacy in any clinical trial could negatively impact the perception of our other product candidates and/or cause the FDA or other regulatory authorities to require additional testing before approving any of our product candidates. Any such delays could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 We may encounter substantial delays or challenges in the initiation, conduct or completion of our clinical trials, and the results of clinical development are uncertain. 
 Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended indications. Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 
 delay in completing preclinical studies; 
 delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 
 delays in obtaining authorizations of INDs to commence a clinical trial; 
 delays in reaching agreement or failing to agree on acceptable terms with prospective CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical trial sites; 
 delays in obtaining or failure to obtain Institutional Review Board IRB ), or independent ethics committee approval at each clinical trial site; 
 delays in opening or failure to open a sufficient number of clinical trial sites and recruiting an adequate number of suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; 
 imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory authorities as a result of a serious adverse event, concerns with a class of product candidates or after an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites; 
 delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 occurrence of clinical trial sites deviating from clinical trial protocol or dropping out of a clinical trial; 
 obtaining sufficient product supply of product candidate for use in preclinical studies or clinical trials from third-party suppliers; 
 occurrence of serious adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 
 changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; or 
 macro factors such as the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine war. 
 Any inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue from future drug sales and regulatory and commercialization milestones. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may need to conduct additional testing to bridge our modified product candidate to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, or allow our competitors to bring comparable drugs to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Additionally, if the results of our clinical trials are inconclusive or if there are safety concerns or serious adverse events associated with our product candidates, we may: 
 be delayed in obtaining marketing approval, if at all; 
 obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 
 obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings; 
 be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 
 be required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; 
 have regulatory authorities withdraw, or suspend, their approval of the drug or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified risk evaluation and mitigation strategy REMS plan; 
 be subject to the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 be sued; or 
 experience damage to our reputation. 
 Our drug development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or obtaining marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin as planned, need to be restructured or be completed on schedule, if at all. 
 Further, we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, or an IRB or ethics committee of the institutions in which our clinical trials are being conducted, or the Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trials, if any, may suspend or terminate our clinical trials. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time due to a number of factors, including if it appears that we or our collaborators are failing to conduct a trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, including the FDA s current Good Clinical Practice GCP ), regulations, unforeseen safety issues or unacceptable health risks, failure to demonstrate a benefit from the product candidates, or if the FDA finds deficiencies in our INDs or the conduct of these trials. Therefore, we cannot predict with any certainty the schedule for commencement and completion of future clinical trials. If we experience delays in the commencement or completion of our clinical trials, or if we terminate a clinical trial prior to completion, the commercial prospects of our product candidates could be negatively impacted, and our ability to generate revenues from our product candidates may be delayed or eliminated entirely. 
 Even if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Any product candidate we develop and the activities associated with its development and commercialization, including its design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate in a given jurisdiction. We have not received approval to market any product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction and it is possible that none of the product candidates we are developing or may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. We have no experience in submitting and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Any product candidates we develop may not be effective, may be only moderately effective, or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude its obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 
 The process of obtaining marketing approvals is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. This is particularly true for clinical trials in rare diseases, where the very small patient population makes it difficult or impossible to conduct traditional, adequate and well-controlled studies, and therefore the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities are often required to exercise flexibility in approving therapies for such diseases. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit, or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Any marketing approval that we may ultimately obtain could be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. 
 If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of any product candidates we may develop, the commercial prospects for those product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials, which could delay or prevent us from proceeding with clinical trials of our product candidates. 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical trials depends on our ability to recruit patients to participate in such trials as well as the completion of any required follow-up periods. Some of our product candidates are designed to target orphan indications. For example, ApcinteX is developing SerpinPC for the treatment of hemophilia. Trials in orphan indications often take longer to enroll than trials for other indications due to the smaller patient population from which subjects can be recruited. We may experience delays in any of our future clinical trials. If patients are unwilling to participate in our studies because of negative publicity from adverse events related to certain modalities utilized in one or more of our product candidates, competitive clinical trials for similar patient populations or for other reasons, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting studies and obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates may be delayed. delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product candidates, delays in testing the effectiveness of our product candidates or termination of the clinical trials altogether. 
 We may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll a sufficient number of patients, or those with required or desired characteristics, to complete our clinical trials in a timely manner. Patient enrollment and trial completion is affected by factors including: 
 size of the patient population and process for identifying subjects; 
 design of the trial protocol; 
 eligibility and exclusion criteria; 
 perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 
 perceived risks and benefits of approaches utilized by one or more of our product candidates to treatment of diseases; 
 availability of competing therapies and clinical trials; 
 severity of the disease under investigation; 
 proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective subjects; 
 ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 
 ability to obtain and maintain subject consent; 
 risk that enrolled subjects will drop out before completion of the trial; 
 patient referral practices of physicians; 
 ability to monitor subjects adequately during and after treatment; and 
 factors we may not be able to control, such as current or potential pandemics that may limit patients, principal investigators or staff or clinical site availability (e.g., the COVID-19 pandemic) and geopolitical conflicts such as the Russia-Ukraine war. 
 We plan to seek initial marketing approval in the United States and certain other major markets such as major countries in the EU, and the United Kingdom. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials if we cannot enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in the clinical trials required by FDA, EMA, MHRA or other regulatory authorities. Our ability to successfully initiate, enroll and complete a clinical trial in any foreign country is subject to numerous risks unique to conducting business in foreign countries, including: 
 difficulty in establishing or managing relationships with CROs, and physicians; 
 difficulty in obtaining local regulatory approval to conduct clinical trials; 
 different standards for the conduct of clinical trials; 
 our inability to locate qualified local consultants, physicians and partners; and 
 the potential burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws, medical standards and regulatory requirements, including the regulation of pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and treatment. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 If we have difficulty enrolling a sufficient number of patients to conduct our clinical trials as planned, we may need to delay, limit or terminate ongoing or planned clinical trials, any of which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are dependent on third parties having accurately generated, collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical studies and clinical trials that were previously conducted for our product candidates. 
 We have licensed patent and other intellectual property rights from third parties and we may continue to seek and enter into similar licenses for future programs. In certain cases, we inte nd to rely on results of studies previously conducted by third parties to support our own development of these candidates. In such cases, we may have no involvement with or control over the preclinical and clinical development of any of such product candidates prior to obtaining the in-license. Therefore , we would be dependent on these third parties having conducted their research and development in accordance with the applicable protocols, legal and regulatory requirements, and scientific standards; having accurately reported the results of all preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted with respect to such product candidates and having correctly collected and interpreted the data from these studies and trials. If these activities were not compliant, accurate or correct, the clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization of our product candidates will be adversely affected. 
 We may be unable to obtain U.S. or foreign regulatory approval and, as a result, unable to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our product candidates are subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to, among other things, research, testing, development, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, approval, recordkeeping, reporting, labeling, storage, packaging, advertising and promotion, pricing, marketing and distribution of drugs. Rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory approval process are required to be successfully completed in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions before a new drug can be marketed. Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. It is possible that none of the product candidates we may develop will obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for us or our collaborators to begin selling them. Regulatory authorities may also fail to approve the facilities or processes used to manufacture a product candidate, our dosing or delivery methods. 
 We have very limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including approval by the FDA. The time required to obtain FDA and other approvals is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, depending upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate. The standards that the FDA and its foreign counterparts use when regulating us are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can chan ge. Any analysis we perform on data from preclinical and clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. We may also encounter unexpected delays or increased costs due to new government regulations, for example, from future legislation or administrative action, or from changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and FDA regulatory review. It is impossible to predict whether legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA or foreign regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 
 In certain cases in the future, we may develop therapies that may represent a new class of drug for which the FDA and its foreign counterparts have not yet established any definitive policies, practices or guidelines in relation to these drugs. For example, we may in the future develop product candidates that we believe are regulated as new drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, but the FDA could decide to regulate them or other products we may develop as biologics under the Public Health Service Act. The lack of policies, practices or guidelines may hinder or slow review by the FDA of any regulatory filings that we may submit. Moreover, the FDA may respond to these submissions by defining requirements we may not have anticipated. Such responses could lead to significant delays in the clinical development of our product candidates. In addition, because there may be approved treatments for some of the diseases for which we may seek approval, in order to receive regulatory approval, we may need to demonstrate through clinical trials that the product candidates we develop to treat these diseases, if any, are not only safe and effective, but safer or more effective than existing products. 
 Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues from the particular product candidate for which we are seeking approval. Furthermore, any regulatory approval to market a product may be subject to limitations on the approved uses for which we may market the product or the labeling 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 or other restrictions. In addition, the FDA has the authority to require a REMS plan as part of a new drug application NDA ), or biologics license application BLA ), or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on the distribution or use of an approved drug or biologic, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria and requiring treated patients to enroll in a registry. These limitations and restrictions may limit the size of the market for the product and affect reimbursement by third-party payors. 
 We are also subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. The foreign regulatory approval process varies among countries and may include all of the risks associated with FDA approval described above as well as risks attributable to the satisfaction of local regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Moreover, the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities outside the U.S. and vice versa. 
 Interim, top-line, and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available or as additional analyses are conducted, and as the data are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 From time to time, we may publish interim, top-line, or preliminary data from our clinical studies. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Material adverse changes between preliminary, top-line, or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 We may be unable to obtain orphan drug designation or exclusivity. If our competitors are able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for products that constitute the same drug and treat the same indications as our product candidates, we may not be able to have competing products approved by the applicable regulatory authority for a significant period of time. 
 We have received orphan drug designation for SerpinPC in the United States and may in the future seek orphan drug designation for certain of our other product candidates, but we may be unable to maintain orphan drug designation or obtain any benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including market exclusivity. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union, may designate drugs and biologics intended to treat relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan D rug Act of 1983, FDA may designate a product candidate as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined as a disease or condition having a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the EU, the European Commission, after recommendation from the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products, grants orphan designation in respect of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition which either affects not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application for orphan designation is made, or products intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the product in the EU would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in developing the product. In each case, there must be no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment which is authorized for marketing in the EU, or, if such a method exists, the product would be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. 
 Certain of our current product candidates, and our future potential product candidates may target patient populations that are smaller than the numbers described above. If we request orphan drug designation for our product candidates, there can be no assurances that FDA or the European Commission will grant any of our product candidates such designation. Additionally, the designation of any of our product candidates as an orphan product does not guarantee that any regulatory agency will accelerate regulatory review of, or ultimately approve, that product candidate, nor does it limit the ability of any regulatory agency to grant orphan drug designation to product candidates of other companies that treat the same indications as our product candidates prior to our product candidates receiving exclusive marketing approval. 
 Generally, if a product candidate with an orphan drug designation receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 the FDA or the European Commission from approving another marketing application for a product that constitutes the same drug treating the same indication for that marketing exclusivity period, except in limited circumstances. If another sponsor receives such approval before we do (regardless of our orphan drug designation), we will be precluded from receiving marketing approval for our product for the applicable exclusivity period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and 10 years in the European Union. The exclusivity period in the United States can be extended by six months if the sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data. The exclusivity period in the European Union can be reduced to six years if a product no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the product is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be revoked if any regulatory agency determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product candidate, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product candidate from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. In the United States, even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA may subsequently approve another drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the latter drug is not the same drug or is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. In the EU, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same orphan indication if: 
 the second applicant can establish in its application that its medicinal product, although similar to the orphan medicinal product already authorized, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; 
 the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or 
 the holder of the marketing authorization for the original orphan medicinal product cannot supply sufficient quantities of orphan medicinal product. 
 We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and the possibility that our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may adversely affect our ability to successfully market or commercialize our product candidates and our financial condition. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, significant competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We face substantial competition from many different sources, including large and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions, government agencies and public and private research institutions. In addition, we face competition from other companies that have adopted business models that are similar to ours in which they establish strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into licensing arrangements with third parties for programs, product candidates, technologies or intellectual property. We may not be able to compete effectively with such companies. See We may not be successful in our efforts to use our differentiated asset-centric approach to drug discovery and development to build a pipeline of product candidates with commercial value. 
 For example, for our clinical-stage product candidates, our main competitors include: 
 For SerpinPC, approved treatments such as recombinant factor replacement therapies, emicizumab for HA and newly approved gene therapies for both HB and HA. Alternative approaches are in development to reduce the efficiency of natural anticoagulant mechanisms. Additional gene therapies for hemophilia A and hemophilia B are being developed by various sponsors. 
 For LB101, there are many products in development for solid tumors, several of which target CD-47 with or without concomitant PD-L1 dosing. In addition, there are several bi-specific PD-L1xCD47 programs. 
 Many of our potential competitors, alone or with their strategic partners, may have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development, clinical, marketing and manufacturing organizations. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of competitors. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly or earlier than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our product being prevented from being marketed for significant periods (for example, where our competitor 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 has secured regulatory exclusivity) or our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. Additionally, technologies developed by our competitors may render our potential product candidates uneconomical or obsolete, and we may not be successful in marketing our product candidates against competitors. 
 In addition, as a result of the expiration or successful challenge of our patent rights, we could face more litigation with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to our competitors products. The availability of our competitors products could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for any products that we may develop and commercialize. 
 Our product candidates and the process for administering our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences following any potential marketing approval. 
 Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects. Additionally, the administration process or related procedures also can cause adverse side effects. Adverse events that occur in our trials may cause us, or cause regulatory authorities or others to order us to halt, delay or amend preclinical development or clinical development of our product candidates and could result in more restrictive labeling or the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Even if serious adverse events are unrelated to study treatment, such occurrences could affect patient enrollment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial. In addition, if any of our product candidates are tested or used in combination with other drugs, these combinations may have additional side effects, which could be more severe than those caused by either therapy alone. 
 In June 2022, we announced our strategic decision to discontinue development of lixivaptan for ADPKD including both the Phase 3 ACTION Study and the open-label ALERT Study. The decision was based on a thorough reassessment of the commercial potential of lixivaptan as a potential best-in-class therapy for patients with ADPKD, and the incremental development challenges and associated costs, following a recent observation of ALT and AST elevations in one subject in the ALERT Study. 
 We also decided to discontinue development of ZF874 for the treatment of AATD following a recent report of an adverse event involving elevated liver enzymes ALT and AST in a PiMZ subject dosed with 5 mg/kg BID of ZF874 in our Phase 1 study. In November 2021, we reported that elevated liver enzymes were observed in a subject dosed with 15 mg/kg BID of ZF874 in the first cohort of patients within Part B of the Phase 1 study. Based on the results of the Phase 1 study observed to date, we have concluded that ZF874 is unlikely to achieve the desired target product profile. 
 Additionally, certain of our product candidates could cause undesirable side effects in clinical trials related to on-target toxicity. If on-target toxicity is observed, or if our product candidates have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Many compounds that initially showed promise in early stage testing for treating cancer have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of the compound. 
 Furthermore, clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of our product candidates or those of our competitors may only be uncovered when a significantly larger number of patients have been exposed to the drug. While we believe that our product candidates have demonstrated manageable tolerability profiles thus far in the target indications, there can be no assurance that it or any of our other product candidates will not cause more severe side effects in a greater proportion of patients. In addition, some of our product candidates are intended to address limitations in current treatment approaches by offering potentially greater tolerability. If we do not observe a favorable tolerability profile in testing of such product candidates that differentiate them from competitors in the market, we may decide to suspend or terminate development of such candidates. 
 In addition, certain of our product candidates target diseases that are life-threatening or are associated with significant co-morbidities. For example, some of our product candidates are designed to address cancers, an indication in which patients may undergo treatment with other therapies such as chemotherapy, radiation, and/or other high dose or myeloablative treatments in the course of treatment of their disease, and may therefore experience side effects or AEs, including death, that are unrelated to our product candidates. While these side effects or AEs may be unrelated to our product candidates, they may still affect the success of our clinical trials. The inclusion of critically ill patients in our 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 clinical trials may also result in deaths or other adverse medical events due to underlying disease or to other therapies or medications that such patients may receive. 
 Additionally, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, FDA could require us to adopt REMS, to ensure that the benefits outweigh its risks, which may include, among other things, a medication guide outlining the risks of the product for distribution to patients and a communication plan to health care practitioners. Furthermore, if we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by our product candidate, several potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may suspend or withdraw approvals of such product candidate; 
 regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label; 
 we may be required to change the way a product candidate is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; 
 we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of our product candidates and could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to submit INDs or IND amendments to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. 
 Currently, most of the product candidates in our pipeline have not yet commenced clinical trials, and are in preclinical development and IND-enabling activities. We may not be able to submit INDs for our product candidates on the timelines we expect. For example, we may experience manufacturing delays or other delays with IND-enabling studies. Moreover, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate clinical trials. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. These considerations also apply to new clinical trials we may submit as amendments to existing INDs or to a new IND. Any failure to file INDs on the timelines we expect or to obtain regulatory approvals for our trials may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or commercializing our products on a timely basis, if at all. 
 We are currently conducting and plan to conduct future clinical trials for certain product candidates outside the United States, and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials. 
 We are currently conducting and plan to conduct future clinical trials for certain product candidates outside the United States, including in Europe. The acceptance of study data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. The FDA will generally not consider the data from a foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND unless (i) the trial was well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, including requirements for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials in a way that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, safety, and well-being of trial subjects are protected; and (ii) the FDA is able to validate the data from the trial through an on-site inspection, if necessary. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such as inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. Additionally, the FDA s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in product candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Even if we obtain and maintain approval for our product candidates from the FDA, we may never obtain approval for our product candidates outside of the United States, which would limit our market opportunities and adversely affect our business. 
 Approval of a product candidate in the United States by the FDA does not ensure approval of such product candidate by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. Sales of our product candidates outside of the United States will be subject to foreign regulatory requirements governing clinical trials and marketing approval. Even if the FDA grants marketing approval for a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries also must approve the manufacturing and marketing of the product candidates in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and more onerous than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. In many countries outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products, if approved, is also subject to approval. We intend to submit a marketing authorization application to the EMA for approval of our product candidates in the European Union, but obtaining such approval from the European Commission following the opinion of the EMA is a lengthy and expensive process. We may also submit marketing applications to regulators in other jurisdictions, such as to the MHRA in the United Kingdom. Even if a product candidate is approved, the FDA, the European Commission, the MHRA and other foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, may limit the indications for which the product may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming additional clinical trials or reporting as conditions of approval. Regulatory authorities in countries outside of the United States and the European Union also have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those countries. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our product candidates in certain countries. 
 Further, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. Also, regulatory approval for any of our product candidates may be withdrawn. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. 
 We may seek Fast Track designation for any of our current or future product candidates. This designation, even if granted, may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 If a drug or biologic is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the product demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the product sponsor may apply for FDA Fast Track designation for a particular indication. We may seek Fast Track designation for certain of our current and future product candidates, but there is no assurance that the FDA will grant this status to any of our proposed product candidates. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant Fast Track designation, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, there can be no assurance that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures, and receiving a Fast Track designation does not provide assurance of ultimate FDA approval. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. In addition, the FDA may withdraw any Fast Track designation at any time. 
 We may seek accelerated approval for any of our current or future product candidates. Accelerated approval, even if granted, may not lead to a faster commercial launch of the product and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 We may seek approval of our product candidates, where applicable, under the FDA s accelerated approval program. A product may be eligible for accelerated approval if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition, generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies, and demonstrates an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA likely would require that we perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials to confirm the product s clinical benefit. These confirmatory trials must be completed with due diligence. Under FDORA, the FDA is permitted to require, as appropriate, that a post-approval confirmatory study or studies be underway 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 prior to approval or within a specified time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. FDORA also requires sponsors to send updates to the FDA every 180 days on the status of such studies, including progress toward enrollment targets, and the FDA must promptly post this information publicly. FDORA also gives the FDA increased authority to withdraw approval of a drug or biologic granted accelerated approval on an expedited basis if the sponsor fails to conduct such studies in a timely manner, send the necessary updates to the FDA, or if such post-approval studies fail to verify the drug s predicted clinical benefit. Under FDORA, the FDA is empowered to take action, such as issuing fines, against companies that fail to conduct with due diligence any post-approval confirmatory study or submit timely reports to the agency on their progress. In addition, the FDA currently requires, unless otherwise informed by the agency, pre-approval of promotional materials for products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Thus, even if we seek to utilize the accelerated approval program, we may not be able to obtain accelerated approval and, even if we do, we may not experience a faster commercial launch of the product. In addition, receiving accelerated approval does not assure that the product s accelerated approval will eventually be converted to a traditional approval. 
 We may seek designation for a current or future platform as a designated platform technology, but we might not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not lead to a faster regulatory review or approval process. 
 We may seek designation for our current or future platform as a designated platform technology. Under FDORA, a platform technology incorporated within or utilized by a drug or biological product is eligible for designation as a designated platform technology if (1) the platform technology is incorporated in, or utilized by, a drug approved under an NDA; (2) preliminary evidence submitted by the sponsor of the approved or licensed drug, or a sponsor that has been granted a right of reference to data submitted in the application for such drug, demonstrates that the platform technology has the potential to be incorporated in, or utilized by, more than one drug without an adverse effect on quality, manufacturing, or safety; and (3) data or information submitted by the applicable person indicates that incorporation or utilization of the platform technology has a reasonable likelihood to bring significant efficiencies to the drug development or manufacturing process and to the review process. A sponsor may request the FDA to designate a platform technology as a designated platform technology concurrently with, or at any time after, submission of an IND application for a drug that incorporates or utilizes the platform technology that is the subject of the request. If so designated, the FDA may expedite the development and review of any subsequent original NDA for a drug that uses or incorporates the platform technology. Even if we believe our current or future platform technology meets the criteria for such designation, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to grant such designation. In addition, the receipt of such designation for a platform technology does not ensure that a drug will be developed more quickly or receive FDA approval. Moreover, the FDA may revoke a designation if the FDA determines that a designated platform technology no longer meets the criteria for such designation. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval of one or more of our product candidates, we would be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will require surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a REMS in order to approve our product candidates, which could entail requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs, good laboratory practice GLP regulations and GCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers are required to comply with applicable product tracking and tracing requirements. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our product candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 
 manufacturing delays and supply disruptions where regulatory inspections identify observations of noncompliance requiring remediation; 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 revisions to the labeling, including limitation on approved uses or the addition of additional warnings, contraindications or other safety information, including boxed warnings; 
 imposition of a REMS, which may include distribution or use restrictions; 
 requirements to conduct additional post-market clinical trials to assess the safety of the product; 
 fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 
 refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of approvals; 
 product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 Additionally, under FDORA, sponsors of approved drugs and biologics must provide 6 months notice to the FDA of any changes in marketing status, such as the withdrawal of a drug, and failure to do so could result in the FDA placing the product on a list of discontinued products, which would revoke the product s ability to be marketed. 
 The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 The market opportunities for our oncology product candidates may be relatively small since the patients who may potentially be treated with our oncology product candidates are those who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments, and our estimates of the prevalence of our target patient populations may be inaccurate. 
 Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized by line of therapy (first line, second line, third line, fourth line, etc.), and the FDA often approves new therapies initially only for a particular line or lines of use. When cancer is detected early enough, first line therapy is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. Whenever first line therapy, usually chemotherapy, antibody drugs, tumor-targeted small molecules, hormone therapy, radiation therapy, surgery, or a combination of these, proves unsuccessful, second line therapy may be administered. Second line therapies often consist of more chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs, tumor-targeted small molecules, or a combination of these. Third line therapies can include chemotherapy, antibody drugs and small molecule tumor-targeted therapies, more invasive forms of surgery, and new technologies. There is no guarantee that our product candidates, even if approved as a second or third or subsequent line of therapy, would be approved for an earlier line of therapy, and, prior to any such approvals, we may have to conduct additional clinical trials. 
 Our projections of both the number of people who have the cancers we are targeting, who may have their tumors genetically sequenced, as well as the subset of people with these cancers in a position to receive a particular line of therapy and who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new therapies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of the cancers that we are targeting. Consequently, even if our product candidates are approved for a second or third line of therapy, the number of patients that may be eligible for treatment with our product candidates may turn out to be much lower than expected. In addition, we have not yet conducted market research to determine how treating physicians would expect to prescribe a product that is approved for multiple tumor types if there are different lines of approved therapies for each such tumor type. 
 If we decide in the future to develop our product candidates in combination with other therapies, such strategy may expose us to additional risks. 
 We may in the future develop one or more of our product candidates in combination with one or more approved or unapproved therapies. Even if any product candidate we develop were to receive marketing approval for use in combination with other approved therapies, the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities outside of the United States could still revoke approval of the therapy used in combination with our product. If the therapies used in combination with our product candidates are replaced as the standard of care for the indications we 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 choose for any of our product candidates, the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional clinical trials. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in our own products, if approved, being removed from the market or being less successful commercially. 
 Further, we will not be able to market and sell any product candidate we develop in combination with an unapproved cancer therapy for a combination indication if that unapproved therapy does not ultimately obtain marketing approval either alone or in combination with our product. In addition, unapproved cancer therapies face the same risks described with respect to our product candidates currently in development and clinical trials, including the potential for serious adverse effects, delay in their clinical trials and lack of FDA approval. 
 If the FDA, EMA, MHRA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities do not approve these other products or revoke their approval of, or if safety, efficacy, quality, manufacturing or supply issues arise with, the products we choose to evaluate in combination with our product candidate we develop, we may be unable to obtain approval of or market such combination therapy. 
 Certain of our product candidates are expected to be used with a drug delivery system and thus may be regulated as a combination product and may face additional challenges, risks and delays in the product development and regulatory approval process. 
 Our intranasal OX2R agonist program is expected to be used with an intranasal delivery system. We currently have an exclusive license in respect of the OptiNose Bi-Directional Exhalation Delivery System. When evaluating product candidates that utilize a specific drug delivery system or device, the FDA will evaluate the characteristics of that delivery system and its functionality, as well as the potential for undesirable interactions between the drug and the delivery system, including the potential to negatively impact the safety or effectiveness of the drug. The intranasal OX2R agonist program is in preclinical development and use of the OptiNose Bi-Directional Exhalation Delivery System with OX2R may be unsuccessful in clinical trials and we may have to identify another delivery device or develop our own. The FDA review process can be more complicated for combination products, and may result in delays, particularly if novel delivery systems are involved. Additionally, quality or design concerns with the delivery system could delay or prevent regulatory approval and commercialization of intranasal OX2R. 
 Risks Related to our Reliance on Third Parties 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and if these third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner, our business could be substantially harmed. 
 We currently conduct and expect to continue to rely on third parties such as CROs to conduct our clinical trials. However, we do not currently have the ability to independently conduct large-scale clinical trials, such as a Phase 3 clinical trial, without assistance of third parties. 
 We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories and other third parties, such as CROs, to conduct or assist us in conducting GCP-compliant clinical trials on our product candidates properly and on time, and may not currently have all of the necessary contractual relationships in place to do so. Once we have established contractual relationships with such third-party CROs, we will have only limited control over their actual performance of these activities. 
 We and our CROs and other vendors are required to comply with cGMP, GCP and GLP which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Union and any comparable foreign regulatory authorities for all of our product candidates in preclinical and clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these regulations through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators, clinical trial sites and other contractors. Although we rely on CROs to conduct any current or planned GLP-compliant preclinical studies and GCP-compliant clinical trials and have limited influence over their actual performance, we remain responsible for ensuring that each of our preclinical studies and clinical trials is conducted in accordance with its investigational plan and protocol and applicable laws and regulations, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. If we or any of our CROs or vendors fail to comply with applicable regulations, the data generated in our preclinical studies and clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA, MHRA or any comparable foreign regulatory agency may require us to perform additional preclinical studies and clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory agency, such regulatory agency will determine that all of our clinical trials comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 must be conducted with products produced under cGMP requirements. Our failure to comply with these requirements may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 
 While we will have agreements governing their activities, our CROs will not be our employees, and we will not be able to control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our future preclinical and clinical programs. These CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials, or other drug development activities which could harm our business. We face the risk of potential unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property by CROs, which may reduce our trade secret protection and allow our potential competitors to access and exploit our proprietary technology. CROs also may use our proprietary information and intellectual property in such a way as to result in litigation or other intellectual property-related proceedings that could jeopardize or invalidate our proprietary information and intellectual property. If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for any other reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize any product candidate that we develop. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for any product candidate that we develop would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 If our relationships with these CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves substantial cost and requires management time and focus, and could delay development and commercialization of our product candidates. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can negatively impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we intend to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. 
 We could experience manufacturing problems that result in delays in our development or commercialization of our programs or otherwise harm our business. 
 The manufacturing processes our CMOs use to produce our and our affiliates product candidates are complex. Several factors could cause production interruptions, including inability to develop novel manufacturing processes, equipment malfunctions, facility contamination, raw material shortages or contamination, natural disasters, disruption in utility services, human error or disruptions in the operations of our suppliers, including acquisition of the supplier by a third party or declaration of bankruptcy. The expertise required to manufacture these product candidates may be unique to a particular CMO, and as a result, it would be difficult and time consuming to find an alternative CMO. 
 Some of our product candidates include biologics, some of which have physical and chemical properties that cannot be fully characterized. As a result, assays of the finished product may not be sufficient to ensure that the product is consistent from lot-to-lot or will perform in the intended manner. Accordingly, our CMOs must employ multiple steps to control the manufacturing process to assure that the process is reproducible and the product candidate is made strictly and consistently in compliance with the process. Problems with the manufacturing process, even minor deviations from the normal process, could result in product defects or manufacturing failures that result in lot failures, product recalls, product liability claims or insufficient inventory to conduct clinical trials or supply commercial markets. We may encounter problems achieving adequate quantities and quality of clinical-grade materials that meet the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or other applicable standards or specifications with consistent and acceptable production yields and costs. 
 In addition, the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA and other foreign regulatory authorities may require us to submit samples of any lot of any approved product together with the protocols showing the results of applicable tests at any time. Under some circumstances, the FDA, the EMA, the MHRA or other foreign regulatory authorities may require that we not distribute a lot until the agency authorizes its release. Slight deviations in the manufacturing process, including those affecting quality attributes and stability, may result in unacceptable changes in the product that could result in lot failures or product recalls. Lot failures or product recalls could cause us to delay product launches or clinical trials, which could be costly to us and otherwise harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our CMOs also may encounter problems hiring and retaining the experienced scientific, quality assurance, quality-control and manufacturing personnel needed to operate our manufacturing processes, which could result in delays in production or difficulties in maintaining compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Any problems in our CMOs supply chain, manufacturing process or facilities could result in delays in planned clinical trials and increased costs, and could make us a less attractive collaborator for potential partners, including larger biotechnology companies and academic research institutions, which could limit access to additional attractive development programs. Problems in our manufacturing process could restrict our ability to meet potential future market demand for products. 
 We currently rely and expect to rely in the future on the use of third parties to manufacture our product candidates. Our business could be harmed if the third party manufacturers experience supply chain shortages, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices or deliver defective products. 
 We do not currently own any facility that may be used as our clinical-scale manufacturing and processing facility and must currently rely on outside vendors to manufacture our product candidates. We will need to negotiate and maintain contractual arrangements with these outside vendors for the supply of our product candidates and we may not be able to do so on favorable terms. We have not yet caused our product candidates to be manufactured on a commercial scale and may not be able to do so for any of our product candidates. 
 Our anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to a number of risks, including the following: 
 a contract manufacturer may fail to perform its obligations, and we may be forced to enter into an agreement with a different CMO, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all, and our clinical supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources; 
 we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must inspect any manufacturers for current cGMP compliance as part of our marketing application; 
 a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, the production of our product candidates and in some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original CMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all; 
 a change in manufacturers or certain changes in manufacturing processes/procedures will require that we conduct a manufacturing comparability study to verify that any new manufacturer or manufacturing process/procedures will produce our product candidate according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA or other regulatory authority, and such study may be unsuccessful; 
 our third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our product candidates or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any; 
 contract manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures and other logistical support requirements appropriately; 
 our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed, may not devote sufficient resources to our product candidates or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store, and distribute our products, if any; 
 manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards and we have no control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards; 
 we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our product candidates; 
 our third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreements with us; 
 raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or component defects; 
 our contract manufacturers and critical reagent suppliers may be subject to inclement weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters; and 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 our contract manufacturers may have unacceptable or inconsistent product quality success rates and yields, and we have no direct control over our contract manufacturers ability to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. 
 Each of these risks could delay or prevent the completion of our clinical trials or the approval of any of our product candidates by the FDA, result in higher costs or adversely impact commercialization of our product candidates. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our product candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm and the FDA could place significant restrictions on our company until deficiencies are remedied. Moreover, because each of our Centessa Subsidiaries has a separate manufacturing process for their programs, we will not benefit from any synergies related to manufacturing costs. We may also face logistical problems in managing different CMOs and processes for all of our Centessa Subsidiaries. 
 Certain third parties upon whom we rely for the supply of the active pharmaceutical ingredient used in our product candidates are our sole source of supply, and the loss of any of these suppliers could significantly harm our business. 
 Certain of the third parties upon whom we rely for the supply of the active pharmaceutical ingredient used in our product candidates are our sole source of supply, and the loss of any of these suppliers could significantly harm our business. The active pharmaceutical ingredients API used in certain of our product candidates are supplied to us from single-source suppliers. Our ability to successfully develop our product candidates, and to ultimately supply our commercial products in quantities sufficient to meet the market demand, depends in part on our ability to obtain the API for these products in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for clinical testing and commercialization. We do not currently have arrangements in place for a redundant or second-source supply of any such API in the event any of our current suppliers of such API cease their operations for any reason. We are also unable to predict how changing global economic conditions or potential global health concerns such as the COVID-19 pandemic will affect our third-party suppliers and manufacturers. Any negative impact of such matters on our third-party suppliers and manufacturers may also have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. For all of our product candidates, we intend to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide such API prior to submission of an NDA or BLA (as applicable) to the FDA and/or EMA, MHRA or other applicable regulatory bodies. We are not certain, however, that our single-source suppliers will be able to meet our demand for their products, either because of the nature of our agreements with those suppliers, our limited experience with those suppliers or our relative importance as a customer to those suppliers. It may be difficult for us to assess their ability to timely meet our demand in the future based on past performance. While our suppliers have generally met our demand for their products on a timely basis in the past, they may subordinate our needs in the future to their other customers. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for the API used in our product candidates, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, such replacement supplier would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory inspection or approval, which could result in further delay. While we seek to maintain adequate inventory of the API used in our product candidates, any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain such API from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner could impede, delay, limit or prevent our development efforts, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 If our third-party manufacturers use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials, by our third-party manufacturers. Our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that our manufacturers procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to obtain licenses from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or fail to comply with our obligations under such agreements, our business could be harmed. 
 It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. If we are unable to license such technology, or if we are forced to license such technology, on unfavorable terms, our business could be materially harmed. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected product candidates, which could materially harm our business, and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under our license agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements, in which event we might not be able to develop, manufacture or market, or may be forced to cease developing, manufacturing or marketing, any product that is covered by these agreements or may face other penalties under such agreements. Such an occurrence could materially adversely affect the value of the product candidate being developed under any such agreement. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, cause us to lose our rights under these agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology, or impede, delay or prohibit the further development or commercialization of one or more product candidates that rely on such agreements. 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by earthquakes, outbreak of disease, or other natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 
 Earthquakes, outbreak of disease, or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party CMOs, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. For example, in December 2019, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus originated in Wuhan, China. See Business interruptions resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and adversely impact our business. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place currently are limited and are unlikely to prove adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which, particularly when taken together with our lack of earthquake insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Non-Human Primate NHP Supply 
 Consistent with various rules, regulations and cGMP requirements, our ability to advance our pre-clinical programs and successfully develop our product candidates requires access to animal research models sufficient to assess safety and in some cases to establish the rationale for therapeutic use. Failure to access or a significant delay in accessing animal research models that meet our needs or that fulfil regulatory requirements may materially adversely affect our ability to advance our pre-clinical programs and successfully develop our product candidates and this could result in significant harm to our business. During the COVID-19 pandemic, researchers and CRO s (including those engaged by us) have experienced significant limitations in their access to animal research models, specifically including a sharp reduction in the availability of NHPs originating from breeding farms in Southeast Asia and limited access to the generation of genetically-modified rodent models used in efficacy evaluations. Prior to the pandemic, China was the leading exporter of NHP s employed in basic and applied research; however, early in 2020, China ceased exportation of cynomolgus monkeys, the species most commonly involved in pharmaceutical product development. This change in the world supply of a critical research model has resulted in increased demand from breeding farms principally located in Cambodia, Vietnam, and Mauritius Island, with a resultant marked increase in unit pricing. Consequently, this has further exacerbated an already constrained NHP supply for research purposes. If we are unable to obtain NHPs in sufficient quantities and in a timely manner to meet the needs of our pre-clinical research programs, if the price of NHPs that are available increases significantly, or if our suppliers are unable to ship the NHPs in their possession that are reserved for us, our ability to advance our pre-clinical programs and successfully develop our pre-clinical candidates may be materially adversely affected or significantly delayed. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient patent and other intellectual property protection for our product candidates and technology or other product candidates that may be identified, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize product candidates similar or identical to the product candidates, and our ability to successfully commercialize the product candidates and other product candidates that we may pursue may be impaired. 
 As is the case with other pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, our success depends in significant part on our ability and the ability of our licensors and collaborators to obtain, maintain, enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology and to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. We have and expect to continue to maintain and expand our own patent estate. 
 We have also licensed patent and other intellectual property rights to and from our partners. Some of these licenses give us the right to prepare, file and prosecute patent applications and maintain and enforce patents we have licensed, whereas other licenses may not give us such rights. In some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications or to maintain the patents covering technology that we license to or from our partners, and we may have to rely on our partners to fulfill these responsibilities. Consequently, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our current or future licensors, licensees or collaborators fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our licensors, licensees or collaborators are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. 
 The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming. We and our current or future licensors, licensees or collaborators may not be able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we or our licensors will fail to file patent applications covering inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before a competitor or another third party files a patent application covering, or publishes information disclosing, a similar, independently-developed invention. Such competitor s patent application may pose obstacles to our ability to obtain or limit the scope of patent protection we may obtain. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. In addition, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions, or if such licensed patents rights may otherwise become invalid. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and is the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our and our current or future licensors patent rights are uncertain. Our and our licensors pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively exclude others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. The patent examination process may require us or our licensors to narrow the scope of the claims of our pending and future patent applications, and therefore, even if such patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors or other third parties from competing with us, or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our and our licensors patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications, and then only to the extent the issued claims cover such technology. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our marks of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, diluted, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We intend to rely on both registration and common law protection for our 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 trademarks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. During the trademark registration process, we may receive Office Actions from the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), objecting to the registration of our trademark. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those objections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and/or to seek the cancellation of registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we are unable to obtain a registered trademark or establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 We rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information and to maintain our competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or has had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. These risks are heightened due to our reliance on third parties, including third party consultants, CROs and CMOs, for certain aspects of our business. The activities conducted by our third party vendors require us to share our trade secrets with them, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violations may be costly and time consuming and may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts. 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our current and future product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including derivation, interference, reexamination, inter partes review, and post grant review proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We or any of our future licensors or strategic partners may be party to, exposed to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our current or future product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. Even if we believe third-party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity, enforceability, or priority. With regard to our subsidiary Capella Bioscience, we are aware of issued patents in Europe owned by La Jolla Institute of Allergy and Immunology (the La Jolla patents that are directed to a method of treatment with an inhibitor of LIGHT. The La Jolla patents could be construed to cover, and the owner of such patent may claim that its patents do cover, certain product candidates and technologies, including Capella Bioscience s anti-LIGHT antibody in certain treatment indications in certain European jurisdictions. The La Jolla patents are expected to expire in 2028, without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions. The La Jolla patents are currently subject to an opposition proceeding at the EPO brought by European Oppositions Limited which may result in a narrowing of the patents scope or loss of rights under the patents or the patents may be upheld in their granted form. There can be no assurance that the challenge by European Oppositions Limited against the La Jolla patents, or other proceedings challenging the La Jolla patents, will be successful. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Depending on the outcome of challenges to the La Jolla patents, Capella Bioscience s product launch in Europe, if a product is approved, may need to be delayed until after the expiry of the La Jolla patents. 
 We cannot assure you that our product candidates and other technologies that we have developed, are developing or may develop in the future do not or will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate existing or future patents or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, there may be a risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 
 If a third party claims that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 
 infringement, misappropriation and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management s attention from our core business and may impact our reputation; 
 substantial damages for infringement, misappropriation or other violations, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes, misappropriates or violates the third party s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner s attorneys fees; 
 a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, unless the third party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do, on commercially reasonable terms or at all; 
 if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our products, or the license to us may be non-exclusive, which would permit third parties to use the same intellectual property to compete with us; 
 redesigning our product candidates or processes so they do not infringe, misappropriate or violate third party intellectual property rights, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time; and 
 there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our ADSs. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 We may choose to challenge the patentability of claims in a third party s U.S. patent by requesting that the USPTO review the patent claims in an ex parte re-exam, inter partes review or post-grant review proceedings. These proceedings are expensive and may consume our time or other resources. We may choose to challenge a third party s patent in patent opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office EPO ), or other foreign patent office. The costs of these opposition proceedings could be substantial, and may consume our time or other resources. If we fail to obtain a favorable result at the USPTO, EPO or other patent office then we may be exposed to litigation by a third party alleging that the patent may be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies. 
 Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. Patents issued in the United States by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted only with evidence that is clear and convincing, a heightened standard of proof. There may be issued third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Patent applications can take many years to issue. In addition, because some patent 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications covering our product candidates or technology. If any such patent applications issue as patents, and if such patents have priority over our patent applications or patents we may own or in-license, we may be required to obtain rights to such patents owned by third parties which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may only be available on a non-exclusive basis. There may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our product candidates or other technologies, could be found to be infringed by our product candidates or other technologies. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. Moreover, we may fail to identify relevant patents or incorrectly conclude that a patent is invalid, not enforceable, exhausted, or not infringed by our activities. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be nonexclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patent applications or any patents we may own or in-license in the future is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need or may choose to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful, and issued patents covering our technology and product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Competitors and other third parties may infringe or otherwise violate our issued patents or other intellectual property or the patents or other intellectual property of our licensors. In addition, our patents or the patents of our licensors may become involved in inventorship or priority disputes. Our pending patent applications cannot be enforced against third parties practicing the technology claimed in such applications unless and until a patent issues from such applications. To counter infringement or other unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents or that our patents or our licensed patents are invalid or unenforceable. In a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or a licensed patent is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our owned or licensed patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. We may find it impractical or undesirable to enforce our intellectual property against some third parties. 
 If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent directed to our product candidates, or one of our future product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid or unenforceable. In 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement or insufficient written description. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO or made a misleading statement during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before the USPTO or an equivalent foreign body, even outside the context of litigation. Potential proceedings include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover our technology or any product candidates that we may develop. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on the applicable product candidates or technology covered by the patent rendered invalid or unenforceable. Such a loss of patent protection would materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Interference proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be materially harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 Our competitors maybe larger than we are and may have substantially greater resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could harm our business. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could compromise our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs, or in-license needed technology or other product candidates. There could also be public announcements of the results of the hearing, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive those results to be negative, it could cause the price of shares of our ADSs to decline. Any of the foregoing events could harm our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
 Intellectual property litigation could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our ADSs. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace, including compromising our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development collaborations that would help us commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 The patent protection we obtain for our product candidates and technology may be challenged or not sufficient enough to provide us with any competitive advantage. 
 Even if our owned or licensed patent applications issue as patents, the issuance of any such patents is not conclusive as to their inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability, and such patents may be challenged, invalidated or held to be unenforceable, including in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad, or circumvented. We may be subject to a third party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or equivalent foreign bodies, or become involved in opposition, derivation, revocation, re-examination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. 
 Currently, one of our in-licensed European patents related to Morphogen s MGX292 is involved in a European opposition proceeding at the EPO. While we and the licensor are defending against this opposition, there is a risk that one or more of the grounds raised by the opponents will invalidate one or more of the granted claims or require an amendment of the claims in a way that does not cover our product candidates. This may prevent us from asserting this patent against our competitors marketing otherwise infringing products in relevant European countries where this patent has been granted. 
 An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Moreover, we, or one of our licensors, may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge priority of invention or other features of patentability. Such proceedings and any other patent challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, loss of priority, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and product candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Furthermore, given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolios may not provide us with adequate protection against third parties seeking to commercialize products similar or identical to ours. We expect to request extensions of patent terms to the extent available in countries where we obtain issued patents. In the United States, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent. However, there are no assurances that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority or national patent office will grant such extensions, in whole or in part. In such case, our competitors may launch their products earlier than might otherwise be anticipated. Moreover, some of our owned or in-licensed patents and patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such co-owners interest in such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners in order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. 
 In addition, our owned and in-licensed patents may be subject to a reservation of rights by the licensor, its affiliates and one or more third parties. When new technologies are developed with government funding, the government generally obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, including a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention for noncommercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties or allow third parties to use our licensed technology. The government can also exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of the government-funded technology, because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations, or to give preference to U.S. industry. In addition, our rights in such inventions may be subject to certain requirements to manufacture products embodying such inventions in the United States. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that we or our employees have infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights, or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 
 Many of our employees were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 
 In addition, we or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators, or other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed patents or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. While it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our and their assignment agreements may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. 
 If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs, delay development of our product candidates and be a distraction to management. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own drugs and may export otherwise infringing drugs to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States. These drugs may compete with our product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 
 Many countries, including major European Union countries, India, Japan and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 A number of our programs and associated product candidates are heavily dependent on licensed intellectual property. If we were to lose our rights to licensed intellectual property, we may not be able to continue developing or commercializing our product candidates, if approved. If we breach any of the agreements under which we license the 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 use, development and commercialization rights to our product candidates or technology from third parties or, in certain cases, we fail to meet certain development deadlines, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 We are heavily reliant upon licenses to certain patent rights and other intellectual property from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of our product candidates. We may also need to obtain additional licenses to advance the development and commercialization of other product candidates we may develop. We expect that future license agreements will impose upon us, various development, regulatory and or commercial diligence obligations, payment of milestones and/or royalties and other obligations. If we fail to comply with our obligations under these agreements, or we are subject to a bankruptcy-related event, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to develop, market or otherwise commercialize products covered by the license, and in some instances, may be also obligated to transfer back to licensor our developments related to the licensed product and associated regulatory rights. Our business could suffer, for example, if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. 
 Licensing of intellectual property is of critical importance to our business and involves complex legal, business and scientific issues and certain provisions in intellectual property license agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. Disputes may arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 
 whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 
 our right to transfer, assign, or sublicense patent and other rights to third parties; 
 our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 
 the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; 
 our right to transfer or assign the license; 
 the ability and effects of termination; and 
 restrictive covenants that may restrict our abilities to compete or market competing products. 
 The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 We may enter into additional licenses to third-party intellectual property that are necessary or useful to our business. Our current licenses and any future licenses that we may enter into impose various fees, royalty payment, milestone and other obligations on us. Under some license agreements, we may not control prosecution of the licensed intellectual property, or may not have the first right to enforce the intellectual property. In those cases, we may not be able to adequately influence patent prosecution or enforcement, or prevent inadvertent lapses of coverage due to failure to pay maintenance fees. If we fail to comply with any of our obligations under a current or future license agreement, the licensor may allege that we have breached our license agreement, and may accordingly seek to terminate our license. Termination of any of our current or future licenses could result in our loss of the right to use the licensed intellectual property, which could materially adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize a product candidate or product, if approved, as well as harm our competitive business position and our business prospects. Under some license agreements, termination may also result in the transfer or granting of rights under certain of our intellectual property and information related to the product candidate being developed under the license, such as regulatory information. 
 In addition, if our licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to prevent infringement by third parties, if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms, our business, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for an adequate amount of time. If we are not able to obtain patent term extension or non-patent exclusivity in the United States under the Hatch-Waxman Act and in foreign countries under similar legislation, thereby potentially extending the marketing exclusivity term of our product candidates, our business may be materially harmed. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product candidate, we may be open to competition from competitive medications, including generic medications. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. 
 Our in-licensed patents may expire before, or soon after, our first product achieves marketing approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. Upon the expiration of our current patents, we may lose the right to exclude others from practicing these inventions. The expiration of these patents could also have a similar material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 With respect to our biologics products, we hope to take advantage of enhanced regulatory exclusivity periods, such as the 12 years of regulatory exclusivity available to biologics manufacturers under the Biologics Competition and Innovation Act of 2009. However, despite these measures, we may still lose the right the exclude others from practicing these inventions, which may negatively impact our business. 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and conditions of any FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, one or more of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, and similar legislation in the European Union. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension of up to five years for a patent covering an approved product as compensation for effective patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the length of the extension could be less than we request. Only one patent per approved product can be extended, the extension cannot extend the total patent term beyond 14 years from approval and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we can enforce our patent rights for the applicable product candidate will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval to market competing products sooner. As a result, our revenue from applicable products could be reduced. Further, if this occurs, our competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry is inherently uncertain, due in part to ongoing changes in the patent laws. Depending on decisions by Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents, and interpretation thereof, could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our and our licensors or collaborators ability to obtain new patents or to enforce existing or future patents. For example, the Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Therefore, there is increased uncertainty with regard to our and our licensors or collaborators ability to obtain patents in the future, as well as uncertainty with respect to the value of patents once obtained. 
 Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our and our licensors or collaborators patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors or collaborators issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the Leahy-Smith Act ), enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. The Leahy-Smith Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO-administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. The USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, particularly the first inventor-to-file provisions. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our or our licensors patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or our licensors issued patents, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to any product candidates we may develop or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we license or may own in the future; 
 we, or our current or future licensors might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we license or may own in the future; 
 we, or our current or future licensors might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or licensed intellectual property rights; 
 it is possible that our pending owned or licensed patent applications or those that we may own or license in the future will not lead to issued patents; 
 issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 
 our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 the patents of others may harm our business; and 
 we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property. 
 Should any of these events occur, they could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We engage a number of consultants employed by academic institutions in jurisdictions that contain inventorship laws mandating that any inventions developed by such consultants while performing consultancy services automatically or otherwise shall reside in the employing institution and granting such institutions the first right to develop and/or commercialize such inventions. We may not be able to secure rights (whether through ownership or license interest) in inventions developed by such consultants during performance of consulting services for our companies. 
 We enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors. These agreements generally provide that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. For example, even if we have a consulting agreement in place with an academic advisor pursuant to which such academic advisor is required to assign any inventions developed in connection with providing services to us, such academic advisor may not have the right to assign such inventions to us, as it may conflict with his or her obligations to assign their intellectual property to his or her employing institution. 
 Despite our undertaking of the measures listed above, we are subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property and may be subject to further claims in the future. Litigation may be necessary to defend against claims challenging inventorship or ownership. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 Certain of our employees and inventions are subject to German law. 
 Certain of our personnel work in Germany and are subject to German employment law. Inventions which may be the subject of a patent or of protection as a utility model and which are or were made by personnel working in Germany (except for legal representatives of our respective legal entities, for example managing directors) are subject to the provisions of the German Act on Employees Inventions (Gesetz ber Arbeitnehmererfindungen), or the German Inventions Act , which regulates the ownership of, and compensation for, inventions made by employees. We face the risk that disputes may occur between us and our current or past employees pertaining to the sufficiency of compensation paid by us, allocation of rights to inventions under this act or alleged non-adherence to the provisions of this act, any of which may be costly to resolve and take up our management s time and efforts whether we prevail or fail in such dispute. Even if we lawfully own all inventions created by our employees who are subject to the German Inventions Act, we are required under German law to reasonably compensate such employees for the use of the inventions and intellectual property rights related thereto. If we are required to pay compensation or face other disputes under the German Inventions Act, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Legal representatives of legal entities, for example managing directors, whose contractual relationships with the respective entity are subject to German law and that are not subject to the German Inventions Act as well as consultants must assign and transfer their interest in inventions and/or patents they invent or co-invent to us in order for us to have any rights to such inventions or patents. 
 There can be no assurance that all such assignments are fully effective, which may lead to unexpected costs or economic disadvantages and may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. If any of our current or past employees, legal representatives of our legal entities or consultants obtain or retain ownership or co-ownership of any inventions or related intellectual property rights that we believe we own, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights and be required to obtain and maintain licenses from such employees or legal representatives of legal entities or consultants to such inventions or intellectual property rights, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain a license to any such employee s, legal representative s of legal entities or consultant s interest in such inventions or intellectual property rights, we may need to cease the development, manufacture, and commercialization of one or more of the products or solutions we may develop or may have developed. In addition, any loss of exclusivity of our intellectual property rights could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical products and solutions. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Commercialization 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate and we may lack the necessary expertise, personnel and resources to successfully commercialize any of our products that receive regulatory approval on our own or together with collaborators. 
 We have never commercialized a product candidate. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring the rights to our product candidates and undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. We currently have no sales force, marketing or distribution capabilities. To achieve commercial success of our product candidates, if any are approved, we will have to develop our own sales, marketing and supply capabilities or outsource these activities to a third party. 
 Factors that may affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates on our own include recruiting and retaining adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel, obtaining access to or persuading adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe our product candidates and other unforeseen costs associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. Developing a sales and marketing organization requires significant investment, is time-consuming and could delay the launch of our product candidates. We may not be able to build an effective sales and marketing organization in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom or other key global markets. If we are unable to build our own distribution and marketing capabilities or to find suitable partners for the commercialization of our product candidates, we may have difficulties generating revenue from them. 
 The commercial success of any of our product candidates will depend upon its degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. 
 Ethical, social and legal concerns about our product candidates could result in additional regulations restricting or prohibiting our products. Even with the requisite approvals from the FDA in the United States, the European Commission (on the recommendation of the EMA) in the European Economic Area, the MHRA in the United Kingdom and other regulatory authorities internationally, the commercial success of our product candidates will depend, in part, on the acceptance of physicians, patients and health care payors of our product candidates as medically necessary, cost-effective and safe. Any product that we commercialize may not gain acceptance by physicians, patients, health care payors and others in the medical community. If these products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on several factors, including: 
 the efficacy and safety of such product candidates as demonstrated in clinical trials; 
 the potential and perceived advantages of product candidates over alternative treatments; 
 the cost of treatment relative to alternative treatments; 
 the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by FDA, the EMA or the MHRA; 
 patient awareness of, and willingness to seek, genotyping; 
 the willingness of physicians to prescribe new therapies; 
 the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies; 
 the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 
 product labeling or product insert requirements of FDA, EMA, MHRA or other regulatory authorities, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; 
 relative convenience and ease of administration; 
 the strength of marketing and distribution support; 
 the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 
 publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and 
 sufficient third-party payor coverage and reimbursement. 
 Even if a potential product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in preclinical studies and clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be fully known until after it is launched. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we believe they are, it may not be financially viable to commercialize, and if we do commercialize, our product revenues for any therapies that are approved for commercial sale may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 We focus our research and product development on treatments for various diseases. Our understanding of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on estimates. These estimates may prove to be incorrect and new studies may reduce the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products or patients may become increasingly difficult to identify and access, all of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Further, there are several factors that could contribute to making the actual number of patients who receive our potential products less than the potentially addressable market. These include the lack of widespread availability of, and limited reimbursement for, new products or therapies in many underdeveloped markets. 
 If we are unable to establish sales, medical affairs and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, we may be unable to generate any product revenue. 
 We currently have no sales and marketing organization. To successfully commercialize any products that may result from our development programs, we will need to develop these capabilities, either on our own or with others. The establishment and development of our own commercial team or the establishment of a contract sales force to market any products we may develop will be expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully develop this capability. We may enter into collaborations regarding our product candidates with entities to utilize their established marketing and distribution capabilities, but we may be unable to enter into such agreements on favorable terms, if at all. If any current or future collaborators do not commit sufficient resources to commercialize our products, or we are unable to develop the necessary capabilities on our own, we will be unable to generate sufficient product revenue to sustain our business. We compete with many companies that currently have extensive, experienced and well-funded medical affairs, marketing and sales operations to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates. Without an internal team or the support of a third party to perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies. 
 Our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. Such efforts may require more resources than are typically required due to the complexity and uniqueness of our potential products. If any of our product candidates is approved but fails to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients or third-party payors, we will not be able to generate significant revenues from such product, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may charge for such product candidates. 
 In the United States, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. These enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product for which we obtain marketing approval. For example, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act ACA ), was passed, which substantially changes the way health care is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. See Business - Government Regulation - Health Reform. 
 In August 2022, IRA was signed into law. The IRA includes several provisions that may impact our business to varying degrees, including provisions that create a 2,000 out-of-pocket cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries, impose new manufacturer financial liability on all drugs in Medicare Part D, allow the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D pricing for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition, require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for drug prices that increase faster than inflation, and delay the rebate rule that would require pass through of pharmacy benefit manager rebates to beneficiaries. The effect of IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, on July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order directing the FDA to, among other things, continue to clarify and improve the approval framework for generic drugs and biosimilars, including the standards for interchangeability of biological products, facilitate the development and approval of biosimilar and interchangeable products, clarify existing requirements and procedures related to the review and submission of BLAs, and identify and address any efforts to impede generic drug and biosimilar competition. 
 Additional changes that may affect our business include those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, rules regarding prescription drug benefits under the health insurance exchanges and fraud and abuse and enforcement. Continued implementation of the ACA and the passage of additional laws and regulations may result in the expansion of new programs such as Medicare payment for performance initiatives, and may impact existing government healthcare programs, such as by improving the physician quality reporting system and feedback program. 
 For each state that does not choose to expand its Medicaid program, there likely will be fewer insured patients overall, which could impact the sales, business and financial condition of manufacturers of branded prescription drugs. Where patients receive insurance coverage under any of the new options made available through the ACA, the possibility exists that manufacturers may be required to pay Medicaid rebates on that resulting drug utilization, a decision that could impact manufacturer revenues. The U.S. federal government also has announced delays in the implementation of key provisions of the ACA. The implications of these delays for our and our partners business and financial condition, if any, are not yet clear. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payers of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect: 
 the demand for any of our product candidates, if approved; 
 the ability to set a price that we believe is fair for any of our product candidates, if approved; 
 our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability; 
 the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and the availability of capital. 
 We expect that the healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 
 The insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly-approved products is uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate product revenue. 
 We expect the cost of our product candidates and programs, to be substantial, when and if they achieve regulatory approval. We expect that coverage and reimbursement by government and private payors will be essential for most patients to be able to afford these treatments. Accordingly, sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or will be reimbursed by government 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. See section entitled Business - Government Regulation - Reimbursement. 
 Obtaining coverage and reimbursement for a product from third-party payors is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to coverage and reimbursement. If coverage and reimbursement are not available, or are available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be adequate to realize a sufficient return on our investment. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, third-party payors, including government payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, play an important role in determining the extent to which new drugs and biologics will be covered and reimbursed. The Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payors and government payors develop their coverage and reimbursement policies. It is difficult to predict what the CMS will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for fundamentally novel products. Moreover, reimbursement agencies in the European Union may be more conservative than CMS. For example, several cancer drugs have been approved for reimbursement in the United States and have not been approved for reimbursement in certain European Union Member States. It is difficult to predict what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 Outside the United States, international operations generally are subject to extensive government price controls and other market regulations, and increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in the European Union, Canada and other countries may put pricing pressure on us. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices of medicines under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medical products, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable product revenues. 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by government and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Payors increasingly are considering new metrics as the basis for reimbursement rates, such as average sales price ASP ), average manufacturer price, and actual acquisition cost. The existing data for reimbursement based on some of these metrics is relatively limited, although certain states have begun to survey acquisition cost data for the purpose of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates, and CMS has begun making pharmacy National Average Drug Acquisition Cost and National Average Retail Price data publicly available on at least a monthly basis. Therefore, it may be difficult to project the impact of these evolving reimbursement metrics on the willingness of payors to cover candidate products that we or our partners are able to commercialize. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as ASP, and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products such as ours. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and could limit commercialization of any product candidates that we may develop. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any medicines that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or medicines caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any product candidates or medicines that we may develop; 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 
 significant costs to defend the related litigation; 
 substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 
 loss of revenue; and 
 the inability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Although we maintain insurance coverage for clinical trials that we sponsor, it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We anticipate that we will need to increase our insurance coverage as we commence additional clinical trials and if we successfully commercialize any product candidates. The market for insurance coverage is increasingly expensive, and the costs of insurance coverage will increase as our clinical programs increase in size. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 Business interruptions resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak or similar public health crises could cause a disruption of the development of our product candidates and adversely impact our business. 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of the coronavirus, COVID-19, was identified in Wuhan, China. This virus spread globally, including within the United States and in March 2020 the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The pandemic and government measures taken in response have also had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce, as worker shortages have occurred; supply chains have been disrupted; facilities and production have been suspended; and demand for certain goods and services, such as medical services and supplies, has spiked, while demand for other goods and services, such as travel, has fallen. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have, and expect to continue to experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including: 
 delays or difficulties in enrolling and retaining patients in our clinical trials; 
 delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 
 delays in receiving authorizations from regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 
 diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 
 interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures (such as endoscopies that are deemed non-essential), which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints; 
 risk that participants enrolled in our clinical trials will contract COVID-19 while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; 
 risk that we are unable to enroll participants in our clinical trials in adequate numbers; 
 interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines; 
 interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; 
 interruptions in preclinical studies due to restricted or limited operations at our laboratory facility; 
 delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees; 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 changes in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue such clinical trials altogether; 
 limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; and 
 interruption or delays to our sourced identification, discovery and clinical activities. 
 Since March 2020, when foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume pre-pandemic levels of inspection activities, including routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval of a marketing application and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the FDA has stated that it generally intends to issue, depending on the circumstances, a complete response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. During the COVID-19 public health emergency, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the U.S. may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. The extent to which the pandemic impacts our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, the duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. 
 Business interruptions resulting from the Russia-Ukraine war or similar geo-political conflicts could cause a disruption to our business activities including the development of our product candidates and the conduct of clinical trials thereby adversely impacting our business. 
 In February 2022, Russia launched an invasion in Ukraine. This conflict may impact our CROs, clinical data management organizations, and clinical investigators ability to conduct certain of our trials in Eastern European countries, and may prevent us from obtaining data on patients already enrolled at sites in these countries. This could negatively impact the completion of our clinical trials and/or analyses of clinical results, which may increase our product development costs, elongate clinical trial timeframes and materially harm our business. 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies, including from government shut downs, or other disruptions to these agencies operations, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, the ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB Bank was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB Bank would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB Bank, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. Although we are not a borrower or party to any such instruments with SVB Bank, Signature or any other financial institution currently in receivership, if any of our lenders, including Oberland, or counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our suppliers, including CROs and CDMOs, or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to perform their existing or future obligations to us could be adversely affected. 
 Even though we have not experienced any adverse impact to our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations, financial condition or results of operations, uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, and our business, our business partners, or industry as a whole may be adversely impacted in ways that we cannot predict at this time. Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. There is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 
 Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have credit agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which the Company has financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 
 The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to: 
 
 delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; 
 delayed or lost access to, or reductions in borrowings or other working capital sources and/or delays, inability or reductions in the company s ability to refund, roll over or extend the maturity of, or enter into new credit facilities or other working capital resources; 
 potential or actual breach of financial covenants in our credit agreements or credit arrangements; or 
 potential or actual cross-defaults in other credit agreements, credit arrangements or operating or financing agreements. 
 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Our future success depends on our ability to retain key employe es, consultants and advisors and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our senior management, including scientific and medical personnel and other key employees. While we expect to engage in an orderly transition process as we integrate newly appointed officers and managers, we face a variety of risks and uncertainties relating to management transition, including diversion of management attention from business concerns, failure to retain other key personnel or loss of institutional knowledge. In addition, the loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees and other scientific and medical advisors, and an inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm our business. In particular, due to our small number of employees, the loss of one employee may have a larger impact on our business than compared to a loss at one of our peers. We currently do not maintain key person insurance for any members of our management team. 
 Our Centessa Subsidiaries have historically conducted operations across facilities around the world. We may in the future expand our operations in the U.S. and other geographies, particularly in certain biotech hubs. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. Changes to immigration and work authorization laws and regulations, including those that restrain the flow of scientific and professional talent, can be significantly affected by political forces and levels of economic activity. Our business may be materially adversely affected if legislative or administrative changes to immigration or visa laws and regulations impair our hiring processes and goals or projects in the key jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 To encourage valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided equity awards that vest over time. The value to employees of equity awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our share price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us at any time. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, certain of these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. 
 Additionally, we rely on our scientific founders and other scientific and clinical advisors and consultants to assist us in formulating our research, development and clinical strategies. Certain of our scientific founders, advisors and consultants are not our employees and may have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may limit their availability to us. If a conflict of interest arises between their work for us and their work for another entity, we may lose their services. Furthermore, our advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies in developing products or technologies that may compete with ours. In particular, if we are unable to maintain consulting relationships with our scientific founders or if they provide services to our competitors, our development and commercialization efforts will be impaired and our business will be significantly harmed. 
 Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with manufacturing standards we may establish, comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those of our collaborators or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may store, use, process or otherwise gain access to certain sensitive information, including proprietary information, confidential information, personal data and personal health data, intellectual property, trade secrets, and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or other parties. We may use third-party service providers and sub-processors to help us operate our business and our partners or other third parties may have access to such sensitive information or our systems or infrastructure in conjunction with our business. We may be required to expend significant resources, at significant cost, fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our operations, including our clinical trial activities, or information technology in an effort to protect against security compromises or incidents, including security breaches and to mitigate, detect, and remediate actual or potential vulnerabilities as well as security compromises or incidents, including breaches. Our internal computer systems and infrastructure (including, without limitation, any relevant sensitive information and other assets stored therein or accessible thereby) and those of our current and any future collaborators, contractors or consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, bugs, malware, unauthorized access, denial-of-service attacks, service interruptions, system malfunction (such as credential stuffing), phishing attacks, business email compromises, ransomware attacks, user errors or malfeasance, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures, as well as security compromises or breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, vendors, contractors, consultants, business partners, and/or other third parties, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties. In the past, Centessa Subsidiaries have experienced unauthorized access to systems through social engineering schemes. Although such past cyber-attacks did not result in material disruption to our business and nor result in material loss, if any such material system failure, accident or security compromises, incident, or breach were to occur in the future and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other sensitive information or other similar disruptions, as well as impact to our systems and infrastructure necessary for our business operations or necessitating that we incur significant costs to address such failure, accident or security compromises, incidents, or breach or expose us to significant liability. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data and expose us to data breach claims. In addition, failures or significant downtime of our information technology or telecommunication systems or infrastructure or those used by our third-party service providers could cause significant interruptions in our operations and adversely impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of sensitive information. We may also be the subject of server malfunction, software or hardware failures, cyber-attacks (including supply-chain cyber-attacks), loss of data or other computer assets, and other similar issues. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant portion of our workforce works remotely, which has increased the risk to our information technology assets and data. 
 To the extent that any disruption or security compromise, incident, or breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data systems, infrastructure, or applications, or inappropriate disclosure, access to, or use of sensitive information, we could incur liability, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. Relevant laws, regulations, and industry standards, as well as contractual obligations, may require us to implement specific security measures or use industry-standard or reasonable measures to protect against security compromises, incidents, and breaches. Even if we were to take and have taken security measures designed to protect against security breaches, there can be no assurance that such security measures or those of our service 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 providers, partners and other third parties will be effective in protecting against disruptions or security compromises, incidents, or breaches, or militating against the impact or the adverse consequences thereof. We may be unable to detect, anticipate, measure, prevent, or remediate threats or techniques used to detect or exploit vulnerabilities in our (or our third parties information technology, services, communications or software, or to cause security compromises, incidents, or breaches, because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after an incident has occurred. We cannot be certain that we will be able to address any such vulnerabilities, in whole or part, and there may be delays in developing and deploying patches and other remedial measures to adequately address vulnerabilities. Relevant laws, regulations, and industry standards, as well as contractual obligations, may also require us to notify relevant stakeholders (including affected individuals, partners, collaborators, customers, regulators, law enforcement agencies, credit reporting agencies and others) of security breaches, and such disclosures are costly and could also have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition. 
 Actual or perceived security compromises, incidents, breaches or vulnerabilities, lack of appropriate information security safeguards and concerns regarding data privacy or security may cause some of our actual or prospective customers, collaborators, partners and/or clinical trial participants to stop participating in our trials, using our products or working with us. Additionally, regulators could impose penalties and monetary fines against us for similar concerns, or we could incur other liability in connection with or resulting from litigation or governmental investigations and enforcement actions. The discontinuance of relationships with third parties, or the failure to meet the expectations of such third parties, and/or litigation, regulatory investigation or enforcement, could result in material harm to our operations, financial performance or reputation and affect our ability to grow and operate our business. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage, if any, will be adequate or otherwise protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities arising out of such security compromises, incidents, breaches or vulnerabilities. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large excess or deductible or co-insurance requirements), could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. For example, rising interest rates and high inflation may cause our cost of doing business to materially increase and may adversely impact our ability to operate or may adversely impact other parties upon whom we rely for research and development capabilities to operate. The most recent global financial crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn, such as the most recent global financial crisis, could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our product candidates and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption, or cause delays in payments for our services by third-party payors or our collaborators. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 Our international operations may expose us to business, regulatory, legal, political, operational, financial, pricing and reimbursement risks associated with doing business across multiple jurisdictions outside of the United States. 
 Our business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally. Our Centessa Subsidiaries, suppliers, industry partners and clinical study centers are located across Europe, the United States and certain other jurisdictions. Furthermore, our business strategy incorporates potential international expansion as we seek to obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates in patient populations outside the United States. If approved, we may hire sales representatives and conduct physician and patient association outreach activities across multiple jurisdictions. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including but not limited to: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws, regulations, and compliance requirements such as privacy regulations, tax laws and practice, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
 failure by us to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for the use of our products in various countries; 
 rejection or qualification of foreign clinical trial data by the competent authorities of other countries; 
 additional potentially relevant third-party patent rights; 
 complexities and difficulties in obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing our intellectual property; 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 complexities associated with managing multiple payor reimbursement regimes, government payors or patient self-pay systems; 
 limits in our ability to penetrate international markets; 
 financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 
 certain expenses including, among others, expenses for travel, translation and insurance; and 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to anti-corruption compliance and record-keeping that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and/or the UK Bribery Act of 2010, or provisions of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in other countries. 
 Any of these factors could harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our results of operations. 
 We may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 If we obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our operations will be directly, or indirectly through our prescribers, customers and purchasers, subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Health Care Program Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal civil and criminal False Claims Act and Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations. These laws will impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing and educational programs. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy laws by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. See section entitled Business Government Regulation Other United States Healthcare Laws. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, individual imprisonment and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is prohibited in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to induce or reward improper performance generally is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of EU Member States, and the Bribery Act 2010 in the UK. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and individual imprisonment. 
 Payments made to physicians in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or individual imprisonment. 
 For further information on privacy laws, regulations and standards, as well as policies, contracts and other obligations related to data privacy and security, and the potential application thereof to our operations (including in relation to our use of health-related personal data), see the sub-section immediately below this. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to stringent and changing privacy laws, regulations and standards as well as policies, contracts and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to government enforcement actions (that could include fines and penalties), a disruption of our clinical trials or commercialization of our products, private litigation, harm to our reputation, or other adverse effects on our business or prospects. 
 The legislative and regulatory framework relating to the collection, use, retention, safeguarding, disclosure, sharing, transfer, security and other processing (collectively, Process or Processing of personal data (including health-related personal data) worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Globally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy frameworks with which we must comply and some of which may impose potentially conflicting obligations. 
 Accordingly, we are, or may become, subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and industry standards as well as policies, contracts and other obligations that apply to the Processing of personal data both by us and on our behalf (collectively, Data Protection Requirements). If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with Data Protection Requirements, this could result in government enforcement actions against us that could include investigations, fines, penalties, audits and inspections, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, temporary or permanent bans on all or some Processing of personal data, orders to destroy or not use personal data, and imprisonment of company officials. Further, individuals or other relevant stakeholders could bring a variety of claims against us for our actual or perceived failure to comply with the Data Protection Requirements. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, and could lead to a loss of actual or prospective customers, collaborators or partners; interrupt or stop clinical trials; result in an inability to Process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limit our ability to develop or commercialize our products; or require us to revise or restructure our operations. 
 For example, in Europe, the collection and use of personal data, including health related data, is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR which came into effect on May 25, 2018 across the European Economic Area EEA ), and by related applicable data protection and privacy laws of the member states of the EEA. Switzerland has passed similar laws, and, following Brexit, the United Kingdom has transposed the GDPR into UK domestic law with effect from January 2021. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, GDPR refers to both the UK and the EU GDPR, unless specified otherwise. 
 Collectively, European data protection laws (including the GDPR) are wide-ranging in scope and impose numerous, significant and complex compliance burdens in relation to the Processing of personal data, which increase our obligations with respect to clinical trials conducted in the EEA or the UK, such as: limiting permitted Processing of personal data to only that which is necessary for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes; requiring the establishment of a legal basis for Processing personal data; adopting a broad definition of personal data to possibly include pseudonymized or key-coded data; creating obligations for controllers and processors to appoint data protection officers in certain circumstances; imposing stringent transparency obligations to data subjects, which requires more detailed notices for clinical trial subjects and investigators; introducing the obligation to carry out data protection impact assessments in certain circumstances; establishing limitations on the collection and retention of personal data through data minimization and storage limitation principles; establishing obligations to implement privacy by design introducing obligations to honor increased rights for data subjects; formalizing a heightened and codified standard of data subject consent; establishing obligations to implement certain technical and organizational safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data; introducing obligations to agree to certain specific contractual terms and to take certain measures when working with third-party processors or joint controllers; imposing mandatory data breach notification requirements; and mandating the appointment of representatives in the UK and/or EU in certain circumstances. In particular, the Processing of special category personal data (such as personal data related to health and genetic information), which is relevant to our operations in the context of our conduct of clinical trials, imposes heightened compliance burdens under European data protection laws and is a topic of active interest among relevant regulators. 
 In addition, the GDPR provides that EEA member states may introduce specific or additional requirements related to the Processing of special categories of personal data such as health data that we may process in connection with clinical trials or otherwise. In the UK, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 complements the UK GDPR in this regard. This fact may lead to greater divergence on the law that applies to the Processing of such personal data across the EEA and/or UK, which may increase our costs and overall compliance risk. Such country-specific regulations could also limit our ability to Process relevant personal data in the context of our EEA and/or UK operations ultimately having an adverse impact on our business, and harming our business and financial condition. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Further, certain European data protection laws restrict transfers of personal data to countries outside Europe that do not ensure an adequate level of protection, like the United States (so-called third countries ). These transfers are prohibited unless an appropriate safeguard specified by the European data protection laws is implemented, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs approved by the European Commission, or a derogation applies. The Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU in its decision in Case C-311/18 Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland and Maximillian Schrems or Schrems II deemed that the SCCs are valid. However, the CJEU ruled that transfers made pursuant to the SCCs and other alternative transfer mechanisms need to be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular regarding applicable surveillance laws and relevant rights of individuals with respect to the transferred personal data, to ensure an essentially equivalent level of protection to that guaranteed in the EEA in the jurisdiction where the data importer is based. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission published new versions of the SCCs New SCCs ), which seek to address the issues identified by the CJEU s Schrems II decision and provide further details regarding the transfer assessments of the importer third country s laws that the parties are required to conduct when implementing the New SCCs. On June 18, 2021, the European Data Protection Board EDPB issued its final guidance following the CJEU s decision that imposes significant new diligence requirements on transferring data outside the EEA, including under an approved transfer mechanism. This guidance requires an essential equivalency assessment of the laws of the destination country transferred. If the essentially equivalent level of protection standard outlined by the CJEU s decision is not satisfied in the destination country, the exporting entity must then assess if supplementary technical, organizational and/or contractual measures can be put in place that, in combination with the chosen transfer mechanism, would address the deficiency in the laws and ensure that essentially equivalent protection can be given to the data. The New SCCs do not apply to the UK, but the UK ICO has published its own transfer mechanism, the International Data Transfer Agreement, which entered into force on 21 March 2022, and enables data transfers originating from the UK. The UK International Data Transfer Agreement requires a similar assessment of the data protection provided in the importer s country. Complying with these new mechanisms and guidance will be expensive and time consuming and may ultimately prevent us from transferring personal data outside Europe, which would cause significant business disruption. At present, there are few, if any, viable alternatives to the SCCs. The risks associated with such exports of personal data from locations within Europe are particularly relevant to our business as our group comprises several operating entities, many of which are located, and/or sponsor clinical trials, in Europe. We have yet to adopt and implement comprehensive processes, systems and other relevant measures within our organization, and/or with our relevant collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants, which are appropriate to address relevant requirements relating to international transfers of personal data from Europe, and to minimize the potential impacts and risks resulting from those requirements, across our organization. Failure to implement valid mechanisms for personal data transfers from Europe may result in our facing increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and injunctions against Processing personal data from Europe. Inability to export personal data may also: restrict our activities outside Europe; limit our ability to collaborate with partners as well as other service providers, contractors and other companies outside of Europe; and/or require us to increase our Processing capabilities within Europe at significant expense or otherwise cause us to change the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations any or all of which could adversely affect our operations or financial results. Additionally, other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency, which could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and operating our business. The type of challenges we face in Europe will likely also arise in other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar in construction to the GDPR or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. 
 European data protection laws also provide for robust regulatory enforcement and significant penalties for noncompliance, including, for example, under the GDPR, fines of up to 20 million 17.5 million) or 4 of global annual revenue of any noncompliant organization for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. In addition to administrative fines, a wide variety of other potential enforcement powers are available to competent supervisory authorities in respect of potential and suspected violations of the GDPR, including extensive audit and inspection rights, and powers to order temporary or permanent bans on all or some Processing of personal data carried out by noncompliant businesses including permitting authorities to require destruction of improperly gathered or used personal data. European supervisory authorities have shown a willingness to impose significant fines and issue orders preventing the processing of personal data on non-compliant businesses. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and non-profit associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. As noted above, the legality of transfers of personal data to the United States and other third countries is a subject of particular uncertainty and we expect increased enforcement activity from the supervisory authorities with respect to such transfers. 
 Further, the UK s decision to leave the EU, often referred to as Brexit, and ongoing developments in the UK have created uncertainty regarding data protection regulation in the UK. As noted above, the data protection obligations of the 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 GDPR continue to apply to UK-related Processing of personal data in substantially unvaried form under the so-called UK GDPR (i.e., the GDPR as it continues to form part of UK law by virtue of section 3 of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended). However, going forward, there is increasing risk for divergence in application, interpretation and enforcement of the data protection laws as between the UK and EEA. The UK Government has introduced a Data Protection and Digital Information Bill UK Bill into the UK legislative process. The aim of the UK Bill is to reform the UK s data protection regime following Brexit. If passed, the final version of the UK Bill may have the effect of further altering the similarities between the UK and EEA data protection regimes and threaten the adequacy finding granted to the United Kingdom by the EU Commission, to enable personal data to transfer from the EEA to the UK. This may lead to additional compliance costs and could increase our overall risk. The UK Bill will result in changes to the UK GDPR that may affect our efforts to create a harmonized approach to processing European personal data and exposes us to two parallel regimes where the UK GDPR and EU GDPR both apply, each of which potentially authorizes similar fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. If we do not designate a lead supervisory authority in an EEA member state, we are not able to benefit from the GDPR s one stop shop mechanism. Amongst other things, this would mean that, in the event of a violation of the GDPR affecting data subjects across the UK and the EEA, we could be investigated by, and ultimately fined by, the UK Information Commissioner s Office and the supervisory authority in each and every EEA member state where data subjects have been affected by such violation. 
 In the United States, there are a broad variety of data protection laws and regulations that may apply to our activities such as state data breach notification laws, state personal data privacy laws (for example, the CCPA), state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. A range of enforcement agencies exist at both the state and federal levels that can enforce these laws and regulations. For example, the CCPA requires covered businesses that process personal information of California residents to disclose their data collection, use and sharing practices. Further, the CCPA provides California residents with new data privacy rights (including the ability to opt out of certain disclosures of personal data), imposes new operational requirements for covered businesses, provides for civil penalties for violations as well as a private right of action for data breaches and statutory damages (that is expected to increase data breach class action litigation and result in significant exposure to costly legal judgements and settlements). Aspects of the CCPA and its interpretation and enforcement remain uncertain. In addition, the CCPA was expanded on January 1, 2023, when the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA became operative. The CPRA, among other things, gives California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal information, further restrict the use of cross-contextual advertising, establish restrictions on the retention of personal information, expand the types of data breaches subject to the CCPA s private right of action, provide for increased penalties for CPRA violations concerning California residents under the age of 16, and establish a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the new. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data and information subject to HIPAA under the CCPA, the CCPA and other similar laws could impact our business activities depending on how it is interpreted. 
 Certain other state laws impose similar privacy obligations and we also expect anticipate that more states to may enact legislation similar to the CCPA, which provides consumers with new privacy rights and increases the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information of such consumers. The CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation. Such proposed legislation, if enacted, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies. 
 On March 2, 2021, for example, Virginia enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act (the CDPA ), which became effective January 1, 2023. The CDPA regulates how businesses (which the CDPA refers to as controllers collect and share personal information. While the CDPA incorporates many similar concepts of the CCPA, there are also several key differences in the scope, application, and enforcement of the law that will change the operational practices of controllers. The new law will impact how controllers collect and process personal sensitive data, conduct data protection assessments, transfer personal data to affiliates, and respond to consumer rights requests. 
 Also, on July 8, 2021, Colorado s governor signed the Colorado Privacy Act CPA ), into law. The CPA is rather similar to the Virginia s CPDA but also contains additional requirements. The new measure applies to companies conducting business in Colorado or who produce or deliver commercial products or services intentionally targeted to its residents of the state that either: (1) control or process the personal data of at least 100,000 consumers during a calendar year; or (2) derive revenue or receive a discount on the price of goods or services from the sale of personal data and process or control the personal data of at least 25,000 consumers. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, on March 24, 2022, Utah s governor signed the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA into law. The UCPA will take effect on December 31, 2023. Finally, in May 2022, Connecticut Governor Lamont signed the Connecticut Data Privacy Act CTDPA into laws. The UCPA and CTDPA draw heavily upon their predecessors in Virginia and Colorado. With the CTDPA, Connecticut became the fifth state to enact a comprehensive privacy law. 
 With bills proposed in many other jurisdictions, it remains quite possible that other states will follow suit. The existence of comprehensive privacy laws in different states in the country will make our compliance obligations more complex and costly and may increase the likelihood that we may be subject to enforcement actions or otherwise incur liability for noncompliance. 
 In other foreign jurisdictions in which we operate or have operated (including sponsoring past, present or future clinical trials), such as, without limitation, Canada and Georgia, we may also be subject to stringent Data Protection Requirements. In Canada, for instance, Quebec passed a comprehensive new data protection law that will have far-reaching effects. 
 Generally, these laws exemplify the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and may require us to modify our Processing practices at substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 Additionally, regulations promulgated pursuant to HIPAA, as amended, establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information, or protected health information, and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards designed to protect the privacy, confidentiality, integrity and availability of protected health information. These provisions may be applicable to our business or that of our collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants. 
 Determining whether protected health information has been handled in compliance with applicable Data Protection Requirements can be complex and may be subject to changing interpretation. If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information, we could be found to have violated these privacy and security laws and/or breached certain contracts with our business partners (including as a business associate). Further, if we fail to comply with applicable Data Protection Requirements, such as, to the extent applicable, HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face significant civil and criminal penalties. In the United States, the Department of Health and Human Services and state attorneys general enforcement activity can result in financial liability and reputational harm, and responses to such enforcement activity can consume significant internal resources. In addition, state attorneys general are authorized to bring civil actions seeking either injunctions or damages in response to violations that threaten the privacy of state residents. We cannot be sure how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures and systems. 
 Given the breadth and evolving nature of Data Protection Requirements, preparing for and complying with these requirements is rigorous, time-intensive and requires significant resources and a review of our technologies, systems and practices, as well as those of any third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants that Process personal data on our behalf. 
 We may publish privacy policies and other documentation regarding our Processing of personal data and/or other confidential, proprietary or sensitive information. Although we endeavor to comply with our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants fail to comply with our policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential foreign, local, state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Moreover, subjects about whom we or our partners obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or failed to comply with data protection laws or applicable privacy notices even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business or otherwise materially and negatively impact our business. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties to sell our products outside the United States, to conduct clinical trials, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, contractors, and other collaborators, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. 
 We are comprised of multiple portfolio operating entities, all of which are at differing stages in their commercial, clinical, and preclinical operations, and all of which have taken differing measures to comply (and have varying degrees of compliance) with Data Protection Requirements. The lack of uniformity in the portfolio operating entities efforts to comply with Data Protection Requirements, including, without limitation, establishing appropriate information security measures, could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We are comprised of multiple portfolio operating entities, many of which were previously unrelated to the others and have operated discretely. Accordingly, the particular application of Data Protection Requirements may vary significantly across our group; as may the approach adopted by, and success of, relevant members of our organization to comply with relevant Data Protection Requirements. We have yet to adopt a harmonized approach to compliance with Data Protection Requirements across our group. The design, implementation, consolidation and harmonization of Processing operations, and relevant systems and facilities, across our company may cause us to incur significant expense, even where relevant members of the group are located within the same jurisdictions. These efforts could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Furthermore, the risks resulting from potential failure to comply, or perception of failure to comply, with Data Protection Requirements may vary significantly across our group. 
 Our company results from the combination of multiple early-stage operating companies within the life sciences sector. As early-stage companies, many of our operating companies are not at a level of maturity in relation to efforts to achieve compliance with Data Protection Requirements and the structuring of Processing operations, which would ordinarily be expected of an operating company that is a subsidiary of a publicly-traded company. Consequently, there exists a high level of risk with respect to one or more such companies as a result of its or their failure to comply, or perception of failure to comply, with Data Protection Requirements. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies will make our ADSs less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ), enacted in April 2012. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following 2021, the year in which we completed our initial public offering, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier. We will remain an emerging 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which requires the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates to exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30th after we have been subject to the SEC s periodic reporting requirements for at least twelve calendar months and have filed at least one annual report , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to not opt out of this exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards at the time private companies adopt the new or revised accounting standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. 
 Because our annual revenue was less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our voting and non-voting ordinary shares held by non-affiliates was less than 560.0 million on June 30, 2022, we qualify as a smaller reporting company. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 200 million or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 560 million. If we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our ADSs less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our ADSs less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our ADSs and our ADS price may be more volatile. 
 Our articles of association provide that the courts of England and Wales will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of all shareholder complaints other than complaints asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and that the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any shareholder complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Our articles of association provide that, unless we consent by ordinary resolution to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of England and Wales shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us; (c) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising out of any provision of the Companies Act 2006 Companies Act ), or our articles of association (as may be amended from time to time); or (d) any action or proceeding asserting a claim or otherwise related to our affairs, or the England and Wales Forum Provision. The England and Wales Forum Provision will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Our articles of association will further provide that unless we consent by ordinary resolution to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Courts shall be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or the U.S. Federal Forum Provision. In addition, our articles of association will provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares is deemed to have notice of and consented to the England and Wales Forum Provision and the U.S. Federal Forum Provision; provided, however, that our shareholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 The England and Wales Forum Provision and the U.S. Federal Forum Provision in our articles of association may impose additional litigation costs on our shareholders in pursuing any such claims. Additionally, the forum selection clauses in our articles of association may limit the ability of our shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our shareholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts, including the courts of England and Wales and other courts within the U.S., will 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 enforce our U.S. Federal Forum Provision. If the U.S. Federal Forum Provision is found to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The U.S. Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation costs on our shareholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid. The courts of England and Wales and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a shareholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our shareholders. 
 The price of our ADSs may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 The trading price of our ADSs is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section, these factors include: 
 the results of our ongoing, planned or any future preclinical studies, clinical trials or clinical development programs; 
 the commencement, enrollment, or results of clinical trials of our product candidates or any future clinical trials we may conduct, or changes in the development status of our product candidates; 
 adverse results or delays in preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial, or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 
 any delay in our regulatory filings or any adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval of our product candidates; 
 changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products, including but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 
 adverse developments concerning our manufacturers or our manufacturing plans; 
 our inability to obtain adequate product supply for any licensed product or inability to do so at acceptable prices; 
 our inability to establish collaborations if needed; 
 our failure to commercialize our product candidates; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 
 additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 
 unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of our product candidates; 
 introduction of new products or services offered by us or our competitors; 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 the size and growth of our initial cancer target markets; 
 our ability to successfully treat additional types of cancers or at different stages; 
 actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 
 our cash position; 
 our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 
 publication of research reports about us or our industry, or immunotherapy in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 
 changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 
 overall performance of the equity markets; 
 sales of our ADSs by us or holders of our ADSs in the future; 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 trading volume of our ADSs; 
 changes in accounting practices; 
 ineffectiveness of our internal controls; 
 disputes or other developments relating to intellectual property or proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 
 significant lawsuits, including intellectual property or shareholder litigation; 
 general political and economic conditions; and 
 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our ADSs, regardless of our actual operating performance. If the market price of our ADSs does not exceed the price at which you purchased them, you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. On September 28, 2022, the Company and certain of its current and former officers were named as defendants in a proposed class-action lawsuit. The complaint generally alleges that the Company violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act by allegedly making materially false and/or misleading statements, as well as allegedly failing to disclose material adverse facts relating to the safety profile and future clinical and commercial prospects of each of its lixivaptan and ZF874 programs, which caused the Company s securities to trade at artificially inflated prices. The Company believes this lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the case vigorously. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainty and a court could ultimately rule against the Company. In addition, the defense of litigation and related matters are costly and may divert the attention of the Company s management and other resources, which would harm our business, financial condition, results of operation and future prospects. The Company has not recorded an estimate of the possible loss associated with this legal proceeding due to the uncertainties related to both the likelihood and the amount of any possible loss or range of loss. 
 Sales of a substantial number of securities by shareholders in the public market could cause our ADS price to fall. 
 If our shareholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our ADSs in the public market after the lockup and other legal restrictions on resale lapse, the trading price of our ADSs could decline. For example, ordinary shares that are either subject to outstanding options or reserved for future issuance under equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting schedules, the lock-up agreements and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. If these additional ordinary shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our ADSs could decline. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the holders of 50,034,030 ordinary shares (or ordinary shares converted to ADSs) are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in such shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares held by affiliates, as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by these shareholders could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our ADSs. 
 We do not know whether an active, liquid and orderly trading market will develop for our ADSs or what the market price of our ADSs will be and, as a result, it may be difficult for you to sell your ADSs. 
 Although our ADSs are listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, an active trading market for our ADSs may never develop or be sustained. You may not be able to sell your ADSs quickly or at the market price if trading in shares of our ADSs is not active. As a result of these and other factors, you may be unable to resell your ADSs at or above the price at which your purchased them. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional ADSs and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using our ADSs as consideration. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts do not maintain research coverage of our company or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our ADSs and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our ADSs will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our ADSs or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our ADS price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our ADSs could decrease, which might cause our ADS price and trading volume to decline. 
 Our principal shareholders and management own a significant percentage of our voting shares and will be able to exert significant influence over matters subject to shareholders approval. 
 Our executive officers, directors, and 5.0 shareholders beneficially owned approximately 60.0 of our voting shares as of December 31, 2022. Therefore, these shareholders will have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These shareholders may be able to determine matters requiring shareholder approval. For example, these shareholders may be able to control elections, re-elections and removal of directors, amendments of our articles of association, or approval of any merger, scheme of arrangement, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our ADSs that you may feel are in your best interest as a holder of our ADSs. 
 In addition, some of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, because many of these shareholders purchased their ordinary shares at prices substantially below the price at which you may have purchased our ADSs and have held their ordinary shares for a longer period, they may be more interested in selling our company to an acquirer than other investors or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other shareholders. 
 Future sales and issuances of our ADSs or rights to purchase ordinary shares, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause the price of our ADSs to fall. 
 We expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including conducting clinical trials, expanded research and development activities, and costs associated with operating as a public company. To raise capital, we may sell ADSs, ordinary shares, convertible securities, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell ADSs, ordinary shares, convertible securities, or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales, and new investors could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to the holders of our ADSs. Pursuant to our 2021 Plan, our management is authorized to grant share options to our employees, directors, and consultants. In July 2022, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 relating to the registration of our ordinary shares, each of which may be represented by one ADS; senior or subordinated debt securities; warrants to purchase any securities that may be sold under the prospectus; units or any combination thereof. In January 2023, we entered into an at-the-market offering program, which provides for the offering, issuance and sale by us of shares of our ordinary shares, represented by ADSs from time to time for aggregate gross proceeds of up to 125.0 million in sales deemed to be at-the-market offerings as defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any sale or issuance of securities pursuant to this registration statement or otherwise may result in dilution to our shareholders and may cause the market price of our ADSs to decline. Furthermore, new investors purchasing securities that we may issue and sell in the future could obtain rights superior to the rights of our existing shareholders. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate number of ordinary shares that may be issued pursuant to future share awards under the 2021 Plan is 6,010,683 ordinary shares. The number of ordinary shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan shall be cumulatively increased on January 1, 2023 and each January 1 thereafter by up to 5.0 of the total number of ordinary shares outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or a lesser number of ordinary shares determined by our board of directors. Unless our board of directors elects not to increase the number of ordinary shares available for future grant each year, our shareholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause the price of our ADSs to fall. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of our cash resources and may not use them effectively. 
 Our management will have broad discretion in the application of our cash resources, and you will not have the opportunity as part of your investment decision to assess whether such resources are being used appropriately. Because of 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of our cash resources, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. Our management might not apply our cash resources in ways that ultimately increase or maintain the value of your investment. Pending their use, we may invest our cash resources in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our shareholders. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our ordinary shares, so any returns will be limited to the value of our ordinary shares or ADSs. 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation, and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, we may enter into agreements that prohibit us from paying cash dividends without prior written consent from our contracting parties, or which other terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our ADS. Furthermore, under the Companies Act, a company s accumulated realized profits, so far as not previously utilized by distribution or capitalization, must exceed its accumulated realized losses so far as not previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital duly made (on a non-consolidated basis), before dividends can be paid. In the future, were our dividend policy to change, a dividend or distribution may still be restricted from being declared and paid. In addition, under the Companies Act, a public company can only affect a buyback of shares out of distributable profits or a fresh issue of shares and cannot do so out of capital. For these reasons, any return to shareholders may therefore be limited to the appreciation of their shares, which may never occur. 
 As a public company, we may be at an increased risk of securities class action litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our securities may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. Historically, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant share price volatility in recent years. If we were to be sued, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 We will incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 As a newly public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we had not historically incurred as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which will require, among other things, that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), was enacted. There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as say on pay and proxy access. Recent legislation permits emerging growth companies to implement many of these requirements over a longer period and up to five years from the pricing of our initial public offering. We intend to take advantage of this new legislation but cannot guarantee that we will not be required to implement these requirements sooner than budgeted or planned and thereby incur unexpected expenses. Shareholder activism, the current political environment, and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. 
 We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees, or as executive officers. 
 We had material weaknesses in our internal control systems over financial reporting, which have been remediated; however, we may identify additional or new material weaknesses in the future that may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in material misstatements in our financial statements or fail to prevent fraud. We will need to continue to invest time and resources in the design, implementation and maintenance of controls. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls, and compliance with the other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with international financial reporting standards. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 In connection with the audits of our financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and for the period from October 26, 2020 inception through December 31, 2020 and in connection with audits of our Centessa Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 for the periods or years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Neither Centessa nor the Centessa Subsidiaries had a sufficient complement of personnel commensurate with the accounting and reporting requirements of a public company. The material weaknesses identified relate to inadequate controls that address segregation of certain accounting duties and reconciliation and analysis of certain key accounts. We concluded that these material weaknesses arose because, as a pre-revenue private company recently formed, we and Centessa Subsidiaries did not have the necessary personnel to design effective components of internal control including risk assessment control activities information/communication and monitoring to satisfy the accounting and financial reporting requirements of a public company. 
 As of December 31, 2021, management remediated the material weaknesses described above through hiring additional qualified accounting and financial reporting personnel, and designing and implementing financial reporting systems, processes, policies and internal controls. However, management must continually evaluate the internal control environment and make enhancements to people, processes and systems which will require the investment of significant resources. For example, in March 2023, management implemented a company-wide ERP system to upgrade certain existing business, operational, and financial processes to enhance the overall control environment of the Company. There is no guarantee that new or additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. If material weaknesses arise in the future, our financial statements could contain material misstatements that, when discovered in the future, could cause us to fail to meet our future reporting obligations and cause the price of our ADSs to decline. 
 If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we will be required to develop and maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and, beginning with our second annual report following our initial public offering, provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. In addition, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our results of operations, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods, or adversely affect the results of management evaluations and independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. In addition, to the extent we acquire or establish additional consolidated subsidiaries, the financial statements of such entities may not be initially prepared by us, and we will not have direct control over their financial statement preparation. As a result, we will, for our financial reporting, depend on what these entities report to us, which could result in our adding monitoring and audit processes, and increase the difficulty of implementing and maintaining adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, which could lead to delays in our external reporting. In particular, this may occur where we are establishing such entities with partners that 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 do not have sophisticated financial accounting processes in place, or where we are entering into new relationships at a rapid pace, straining our integration capacity. Additionally, if we do not receive the information from the consolidated subsidiaries on a timely basis, it could cause delays in our external reporting. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our ADSs. 
 We have relied upon and, in the future we expect to continue to rely upon third-party contracted service providers to assist with our financial reporting. We are in the process of designing and implementing internal controls over financial reporting required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This process will be time consuming, costly, and complicated. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm issues an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our ADSs could be adversely affected and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 We face significant risks associated with our recent company-wide implementation of an ERP system that may adversely affect our business and results of operations or the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 We recently implemented a company-wide ERP system to upgrade certain existing business, operational, and financial processes. Our ERP implementation is a complex, expensive and time-consuming project and our ERP system initially went live in March 2023. Any deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP system could result in potentially higher costs than we had incurred previously and could adversely affect our ability to develop product candidates, launch products, file reports with the SEC in a timely manner, operate our business or otherwise affect our controls environment. Any of these consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Holders of ADSs are not treated as holders of our ordinary shares. 
 By investing in our company, you are a holder of ADSs with underlying ordinary shares in a company incorporated under English law. Holders of ADSs are not treated as holders of our ordinary shares, unless they withdraw the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs in accordance with the deposit agreement and applicable laws and regulations. The depositary is the holder of the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs. Holders of ADSs therefore do not have any rights as holders of our ordinary shares, other than the rights that they have pursuant to the deposit agreement. 
 Holders of ADSs may be subject to limitations on the transfer of their ADSs and the withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares. 
 ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary think it is advisable to do so because of any requirement of law, government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, or for any other reason, subject to the right of ADS holders to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares. Temporary delays in the cancellation of your ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying ordinary shares may arise because the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books, the transfer of ordinary shares is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders meeting or we are paying a dividend on our ordinary shares. In addition, ADS holders may not be able to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares when they owe money for fees, taxes and similar charges and when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of ordinary shares or other deposited securities. 
 We are entitled to amend the deposit agreement and to change the rights of ADS holders under the terms of such agreement, or to terminate the deposit agreement, without the prior consent of the ADS holders. 
 We are entitled to amend the deposit agreement and to change the rights of the ADS holders under the terms of such agreement, without the prior consent of the ADS holders. We and the depositary may agree to amend the deposit agreement in any way we decide is necessary or advantageous to us or to the depositary. Amendments may reflect, among other things, operational changes in the ADS program, legal developments affecting ADSs or changes in the terms of our 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 business relationship with the depositary. In the event that the terms of an amendment are materially disadvantageous to ADS holders, ADS holders will only receive 30 days advance notice of the amendment, and no prior consent of the ADS holders is required under the deposit agreement. Furthermore, we may decide to direct the depositary to terminate the ADS facility at any time for any reason. For example, terminations may occur when we decide to list our ordinary shares on a non-U.S. securities exchange and determine not to continue to sponsor an ADS facility or when we become the subject of a takeover or a going-private transaction. If the ADS facility will terminate, ADS holders will receive at least 30 days prior notice, but no prior consent is required from them. Under the circumstances that we decide to make an amendment to the deposit agreement that is disadvantageous to ADS holders or terminate the deposit agreement, the ADS holders may choose to sell their ADSs or surrender their ADSs and become direct holders of the underlying ordinary shares, but will have no right to any compensation whatsoever. 
 ADS holders may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to claims arising under the deposit agreement, which could result in less favorable outcomes to the plaintiff(s) in any such action. 
 The deposit agreement governing the ADSs representing our ordinary shares provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders and beneficial owners of ADSs irrevocably waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary arising out of or relating to the ADSs or the deposit agreement. 
 If this jury trial waiver provision is not permitted by applicable law, an action could proceed under the terms of the deposit agreement with a jury trial. If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was enforceable based on the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance with the applicable state and federal law. To our knowledge, the enforceability of a contractual pre-dispute jury trial waiver in connection with claims arising under the federal securities laws has not been finally adjudicated by the United States Supreme Court. However, we believe that a contractual pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision is generally enforceable, including under the laws of the State of New York, which govern the deposit agreement, by a federal or state court in the City of New York, which has non-exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising under the deposit agreement. In determining whether to enforce a contractual pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision, courts will generally consider whether a party knowingly, intelligently and voluntarily waived the right to a jury trial. We believe that this is the case with respect to the deposit agreement and the ADSs. It is advisable that you consult legal counsel regarding the jury waiver provision before entering into the deposit agreement. 
 If ADS holders or beneficial owners of ADSs bring a claim against us or the depositary in connection with matters arising under the deposit agreement or the ADSs, including claims under federal securities laws, the ADS holder or beneficial owner may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to such claims, which may have the effect of limiting and discouraging lawsuits against us and/or the depositary. If a lawsuit is brought against us and/or the depositary under the deposit agreement, it may be heard only by a judge or justice of the applicable trial court, which would be conducted according to different civil procedures and may result in different outcomes than a trial by jury would have had, including results that could be less favorable to the plaintiff(s) in any such action, depending on, among other things, the nature of the claims, the judge or justice hearing such claims, and the venue of the hearing. 
 No condition, stipulation or provision of the deposit agreement or ADSs serves as a waiver by any holder or beneficial owner of ADSs or by us or the depositary of compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Moreover, as the jury trial waiver relates to claims arising out of or relating to the ADSs or the deposit agreement, we believe that, as a matter of construction of the clause, the waiver would likely to continue to apply to ADS holders who withdraw the ordinary shares from the ADS facility with respect to claims arising before the cancellation of the ADSs and the withdrawal of the ordinary shares, and the waiver would most likely not apply to ADS holders who subsequently withdraw the ordinary shares represented by ADSs from the ADS facility with respect to claims arising after the withdrawal. However, to our knowledge, there has been no case law on the applicability of the jury trial waiver to ADS holders who withdraw the ordinary shares represented by the ADSs from the ADS facility. 
 ADS holders will not have the same voting rights as the holders of our ordinary shares and may not receive voting materials in time to be able to exercise their right to vote. 
 Except as described in the deposit agreement, holders of the ADSs will not be able to exercise voting rights attaching to the ordinary shares represented by the ADSs. Under the terms of the deposit agreement, holders of the ADSs may instruct the depositary to vote the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs. Otherwise, holders of ADSs will not be able 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 to exercise their right to vote unless they withdraw the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs to vote them in person or by proxy in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and our articles of association. Even so, ADS holders may not know about a meeting far enough in advance to withdraw those ordinary shares. If we ask for the instructions of holders of the ADSs, the depositary, upon timely notice from us, will notify ADS holders of the upcoming vote and arrange to deliver our voting materials to them. Upon our request, the depositary will mail to holders a shareholder meeting notice that contains, among other things, a statement as to the manner in which voting instructions may be given. We cannot guarantee that ADS holders will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the depositary to vote the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs. A shareholder is only entitled to participate in, and vote at, the meeting of shareholders, provided that it holds our ordinary shares as of the record date set for such meeting and otherwise complies with our articles of association. In addition, the depositary s liability to ADS holders for failing to execute voting instructions or for the manner of executing voting instructions is limited by the deposit agreement. As a result, holders of ADSs may not be able to exercise their right to give voting instructions or to vote in person or by proxy and they may not have any recourse against the depositary or us if their ordinary shares are not voted as they have requested or if their shares cannot be voted. 
 ADS holders may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares represented by the ADSs or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical to make them available to holders of ADSs. 
 The depositary for the ADSs has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses. You will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares your ADSs represent. However, in accordance with the limitations set forth in the deposit agreement, it may be unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to holders of ADSs. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit distribution on the ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of the ADSs. This means that ADS holders may not receive the distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value from them if it is unlawful or impractical to make them available. These restrictions may have an adverse effect on the value of your ADSs. 
 Claims of U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us. 
 We are incorporated under English law and have our registered office in England. Certain members of our board of directors and senior management are non-residents of the United States, and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible to serve process on such persons or us in the United States or to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against them or us based on civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States. 
 The United States and England and Wales do not currently have a treaty providing for recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters. Consequently, a final judgment for payment given by a court in the United States, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. securities laws, would not automatically be recognized or enforceable in England and Wales. In addition, uncertainty exists as to whether the courts of England and Wales would entertain original actions brought in England and Wales against us or our directors or senior management predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. Any final and conclusive monetary judgment for a definite sum obtained against us in U.S. courts would be treated by the courts of England and Wales as a cause of action in itself and sued upon as a debt at common law so that no retrial of the issues would be necessary, provided that certain requirements are met. Whether these requirements are met in respect of a judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws, including whether the award of monetary damages under such laws would constitute a penalty, is an issue for the court making such decision. If the courts of England and Wales give judgment for the sum payable under a U.S. judgment, the judgment of the English and Welsh court will be enforceable by methods generally available for this purpose. These methods generally permit the courts of England and Wales discretion to prescribe the manner of enforcement. 
 As a result, U.S. investors may not be able to enforce against us or our senior management, board of directors or certain experts named herein who are residents of England and Wales or countries other than the United States any judgments obtained in U.S. courts in civil and commercial matters, including judgments under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 ADS holders right to participate in any future rights offerings may be limited, which may cause dilution to their holdings. 
 We may from time to time distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire our securities. However, we cannot make rights available to ADS holders in the United States unless we register the rights and the securities to which the rights relate under the Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements is available. Also, under the deposit agreement, the depositary bank will not make rights available to ADS holders unless either both the rights and any related securities are registered under the Securities Act, or the distribution of them to ADS holders is exempted from registration under the Securities Act. We are under no obligation to file a registration statement with respect to any such rights or securities or to endeavor to cause such a registration statement to be declared effective. Moreover, we may not be able to establish an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If the depositary does not distribute the rights, it may, under the deposit agreement, either sell them, if possible, or allow them to lapse. Accordingly, ADS holders may be unable to participate in our rights offerings and may experience dilution in your holdings. 
 If we are a controlled foreign corporation, there could be material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to certain U.S. Holders. 
 Each Ten Percent Shareholder (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a controlled foreign corporation, or a CFC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally is required to include in income for U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder s pro rata share of the CFC s Subpart F income and investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Subpart F income generally includes dividends, interest, rents, royalties, global intangible low-taxed income, gains from the sale of securities and income from certain transactions with related parties. In addition, a Ten Percent Shareholder that realizes gain from the sale or exchange of shares in a CFC may be required to classify a portion of such gain as dividend income rather than capital gain. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a CFC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the total value of the stock of such corporation. A Ten Percent Shareholder is a United States person (as defined by the Code) who owns or is considered to own 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote or 10 or more of the total value of all classes of stock of such corporation. 
 We do not expect to be a CFC in the current taxable year; however, it is possible that we may become a CFC in a subsequent taxable year. T he determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is not certain. In addition, as a result of recent changes made to the attribution rules in the Code, the stock of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is attributed to our U.S. subsidiary, which results in our non-U.S. subsidiaries being treated as CFCs and could result in certain United States persons being treated as Ten Percent Shareholders of such non-U.S. subsidiary CFCs. We cannot provide any assurances that we will assist holders of our ordinary shares or ADSs in determining whether we are treated as a CFC or whether any holder of ordinary shares or ADSs is treated as a Ten Percent Shareholder with respect to any such CFC or furnish to any Ten Percent Shareholders information that may be necessary to comply with the aforementioned reporting and tax paying obligations. 
 U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the potential material adverse U.S. tax consequences of becoming a Ten Percent Shareholder in a CFC, including the possibility and consequences of becoming a Ten Percent Shareholder in our non-U.S. subsidiaries that are treated as CFCs due to the changes to the attribution rules. If we are classified as both a CFC and a PFIC (as defined below), we generally will not be treated as a PFIC with respect to those U.S. Holders that meet the definition of a Ten Percent Shareholder during the period in which we are a CFC. 
 There is substantial uncertainty as to whether we are or will be a PFIC . If we are a PFIC, there could be material adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders. 
 Under the Code, we will be a PFIC, for any taxable year in which (1) 75 or more of our gross income consists of passive income or (2) 50 or more of the average quarterly value of our assets consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. For purposes of these tests, passive income includes dividends, interest, gains from the sale or exchange of investment property and certain rents and royalties. In addition, for purposes of the above calculations, a non-U.S. corporation that directly or indirectly owns at least 25 by value of the shares of another corporation is treated as holding and receiving directly its proportionate share of assets and income of such corporation. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ordinary shares or ADSs, the U.S. Holder may be subject to material adverse tax consequences regardless of whether we continue to qualify as a PFIC, including ineligibility 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 for any preferred tax rates on capital gains or on actual or deemed dividends, interest charges on certain taxes treated as deferred and additional reporting requirements. 
 While we believe we were not a PFIC for 2022, it is uncertain whether we or any of our Centessa Subsidiaries will be treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the current or any subsequent tax year. The determination of whether we are a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis applying principles and methodologies that in some circumstances are unclear and subject to varying interpretation. The value of our assets would also be determined differently for the purposes of this determination if we were treated as a CFC, as discussed above. Under the income test described above, our status as a PFIC depends on the composition of our income which will depend on the transactions we enter into in the future and our corporate structure. The composition of our income and assets is also affected by the spending of the cash we raise in any offering, including in our initial public offering. Because PFIC status is based on our income, assets, and activities for the entire taxable year, our PFIC status may change from year to year. Although we will try to manage our business to avoid becoming a PFIC, our operations currently generate very limited amounts of non-passive income. Until we generate sufficient revenue from active licensing and other non-passive sources, there is a risk that we will be a PFIC under the PFIC income test. 
 In certain circumstances, a U.S. Holder of shares in a PFIC may alleviate some of the adverse tax consequences described above by making either a qualified electing fund QEF ), election or a mark-to-market election (if our ordinary shares or ADSs constitute marketable securities under the Code). However, a U.S. Holder may make a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares or ADSs only if we agree to furnish such U.S. Holder annually with required information. If we determine that we are a PFIC for this taxable year or any future taxable year, we currently expect that we would make available the information necessary for U.S. Holders to make a QEF Election. However, there is also no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided. 
 If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC, and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. If we determine that we are a PFIC, to the extent appropriate, we currently expect that we will cause any lower-tier PFIC that we control to provide to a U.S. Holder the information necessary for U.S Holders to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, in the future, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance that we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide such required information. A mark-to-market election generally would not be available with respect to such lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs. 
 U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the potential material adverse U.S. tax consequences if we or any of our Centessa Subsidiaries are or were to become a PFIC. 
 Future changes to tax laws could materially adversely affect our company and reduce net returns to our shareholders. 
 We conduct business globally. The tax treatment of the company or any of the group companies is subject to changes in tax laws, regulations and treaties, or the interpretation thereof, tax policy initiatives and reforms under consideration and the practices of tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as international tax policy initiatives and reforms including those related to the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development s OECD ), Base Erosion and Profit Shifting BEPS ), Project, the European Commission s state aid investigations and other initiatives. Such changes may include (but are not limited to) the taxation of operating income, investment income, dividends received or (in the specific context of withholding tax) dividends paid. 
 We are unable to predict what tax reform may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies or practices, could affect our financial position, future results of operations, cash flows in a particular period and overall or effective tax rates in the future in countries where we have operations, reduce post-tax returns to our shareholders, and increase the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Tax authorities may disagree with our positions and conclusions regarding certain tax positions, resulting in unanticipated costs, taxes or non-realization of expected benefits. 
 We operate through various Centessa Subsidiaries in a number of countries throughout the world. Consequently, we are subject to tax laws, treaties, and regulations in the countries in which we operate, and these laws and treaties are subject to interpretation. We have taken, and will continue to take, tax positions based on our interpretation of such tax laws. A tax authority may disagree with tax positions that we have taken, which could result in increased tax liabilities. For example, HM Revenue Customs HMRC ), the Internal Revenue Service or another tax authority could challenge our allocation of income by tax jurisdiction and the amounts paid between our affiliated companies pursuant to our intercompany arrangements and transfer pricing policies, including amounts paid with respect to our intellectual property development. There can be no assurance that a taxing authority will not have a different interpretation of applicable law and assess us with additional taxes. Similarly, a tax authority could assert that we are subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable connection, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. If we are assessed with additional taxes, this may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 A tax authority may take the position that material income tax liabilities, interest and penalties are payable by us, for example where there has been a technical violation of contradictory laws and regulations that are relatively new and have not been subject to extensive review or interpretation, in which case, we expect that we might contest such assessment. Contesting such an assessment may be lengthy and costly and if we were unsuccessful in disputing the assessment, the implications could increase our anticipated effective tax rate, where applicable, or result in other liabilities. 
 We may be unable to use U.K. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses to reduce future tax payments or benefit from favorable U.K. tax legislation. 
 As a U.K. incorporated and tax resident entity, we are subject to U.K. corporate taxation on tax-adjusted trading profits. Due to the nature of our business, we have generated losses since inception and have not paid any U.K. corporation tax. We therefore have accumulated carryforward tax losses. Subject to numerous utilization criteria and restrictions (including those that limit the percentage of profits that can be reduced by carried forward losses and those that can restrict the use of carried forward losses where there is a change of ownership of more than half the ordinary shares of the Company and a major change in the nature, conduct or scale of the trade), we expect these to be eligible for carry forward and utilization against future operating profits. The use of loss carryforwards in relation to U.K. profits incurred on or after April 1, 2017 is generally limited each year to 5.0 million plus an incremental 50 of U.K. taxable profits. In addition, if we were to have a major change in the nature of the conduct of our trade, loss carryforwards may be restricted or extinguished. 
 As a company that carries out extensive research and development activities, we seek to benefit from the UK research and development R D tax relief programs, being the Small and Medium-sized Enterprises R D tax relief program, or SME Program, and, to the extent that our projects are grant funded or relate to work subcontracted to us by third parties, the Research and Development Expenditure Credit program, or RDEC Program. Changes to the UK R D tax relief legislation that have been recently enacted or proposed, and expected to take effect from April 2023, respectively reduce the R D cash rebate rate under the SME Program, and may introduce restrictions on relief that may be claimed for expenditures on sub-contracted R D activity, broadly requiring either that workers carrying on such activity are subject to UK PAYE or, where work is undertaken outside the UK, that this must be due to geographical, environmental, social or other conditions that: (i) are not present in the UK; and (ii) it would be wholly unreasonable to replicate in the UK. This rate reduction and such proposed restrictions may impact the quantum of R D relief that we are able to claim in the future. In addition, the UK government is currently consulting on the potential replacement of the SME Program and RDEC Program with a single program, operating similarly to the RDEC Program, which may, inter alia, change the present treatment of sub-contracted R D work and introduce different thresholds and caps on expenditures and relief. If enacted, the new program would be expected to have effect for expenditures incurred from April 2024 onwards, and could have a material impact on the quantum of R D relief that we are eligible to claim. 
 We may benefit in the future from the United Kingdom s patent box regime, which allows certain profits attributable to revenues from patented products (and other qualifying income) to be taxed at an effective rate of 10 . We are the exclusive licensee or owner of several patent applications which, if granted, would cover our product candidates, and accordingly, future upfront fees, milestone fees, product revenues and royalties could be taxed at this lower tax rate. When taken in combination with the enhanced relief available on our research and development expenditures, we expect a long-term lower rate of corporation tax to apply to us. If, however, there are unexpected adverse changes to the U.K. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 research and development tax credit regime or the patent box regime, or for any reason we are unable to qualify for such advantageous tax legislation, or we are unable to use net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain built-in losses to reduce future tax payments then our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Shareholder protections found in provisions under the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers, or the Takeover Code, will not apply if our place of central management and control remains outside of the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man). 
 We believe that our place of central management and control is not in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man) for the purposes of the jurisdictional criteria of the Takeover Code. Accordingly, we believe that we are not currently subject to the Takeover Code and, as a result, our shareholders are not currently entitled to the benefit of certain takeover offer protections provided under the Takeover Code, including the rules regarding mandatory takeover bids. 
 In the event that this changes, or if the interpretation and application of the Takeover Code by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers Takeover Panel ), changes (including changes to the way in which the Takeover Panel assesses the application of the Takeover Code to English companies whose shares are listed outside of the United Kingdom), the Takeover Code may apply to us in the future. 
 The Takeover Code provides a framework within which takeovers of companies which are subject to the Takeover Code are regulated and conducted. The following is a brief summary of some of the most important rules of the Takeover Code: 
 in connection with a potential offer, if following an approach by or on behalf of a potential bidder, the company is the subject of rumor or speculation or there is an untoward movement in the company s share price, there is a requirement for the potential bidder to make a public announcement about a potential offer for the company, or for the company to make a public announcement about its review of a potential offer 
 when any person, or group of persons acting in concert, acquires, whether by a series of transactions over a period of time or not, an interest in shares which (taken together with shares already held by that person and an interest in shares held or acquired by persons acting in concert with him or her) carry 30 or more of the voting rights of a company that is subject to the Takeover Code, that person is generally required to make a mandatory offer to all the holders of any class of equity share capital or other class of transferable securities carrying voting rights in that company to acquire the balance of their interests in the company; 
 when any person who, together with persons acting in concert with him or her, is interested in shares representing not less than 30 but does not hold more than 50 of the voting rights of a company that is subject to the Takeover Code, and such person, or any person acting in concert with him or her, acquires an additional interest in shares which increases the percentage of shares carrying voting rights in which he or she is interested, then such person is generally required to make a mandatory offer to all the holders of any class of equity share capital or other class of transferable securities carrying voting rights of that company to acquire the balance of their interests in the company; 
 a mandatory offer triggered in the circumstances described in the two paragraphs above must be in cash (or be accompanied by a cash alternative) and at not less than the highest price paid within the preceding 12 months to acquire any interest in shares in the company by the person required to make the offer or any person acting in concert with him or her; 
 in relation to a voluntary offer (i.e. any offer which is not a mandatory offer), when interests in shares representing 10 or more of the shares of a class have been acquired for cash by an offeror (i.e., a bidder) and any person acting in concert with it in the offer period and the previous 12 months, the offer must be in cash or include a cash alternative for all shareholders of that class at not less than the highest price paid for any interest in shares of that class by the offeror and by any person acting in concert with it in that period. Further, if an offeror, or any person acting in concert with them, acquires for cash any interest in shares during the offer period, a cash alternative must be made available at not less than the highest price paid for any interest in the shares of that class; 
 if, after making an offer for a company, the offeror or any person acting in concert with them acquires an interest in shares in an offeree company (i.e., a target) at a price higher than the value of the offer, the offer must be increased to not less than the highest price paid for the interest in shares so acquired; 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 the offeree company must appoint a competent independent adviser whose advice on the financial terms of the offer must be made known to all the shareholders, together with the opinion of the board of directors of the offeree company; 
 special or favorable deals for selected shareholders are not permitted, except in certain circumstances where independent shareholder approval is given and the arrangements are regarded as fair and reasonable in the opinion of the financial adviser to the offeree; 
 all shareholders must be given the same information; 
 each document published in connection with an offer by or on behalf of the offeror or offeree must state that the directors of the offeror or the offeree, as the case may be, accept responsibility for the information contained therein; 
 profit forecasts, quantified financial benefits statements and asset valuations must be made to specified standards and must be reported on by professional advisers; 
 misleading, inaccurate or unsubstantiated statements made in documents or to the media must be publicly corrected immediately; 
 actions during the course of an offer by the offeree company, which might frustrate the offer are generally prohibited unless shareholders approve these plans. Frustrating actions would include, for example, lengthening the notice period for directors under their service contract or agreeing to sell off material parts of the target group; 
 stringent requirements are laid down for the disclosure of dealings in relevant securities during an offer, including the prompt disclosure of positions and dealing in relevant securities by the parties to an offer and any person who is interested (directly or indirectly) in 1 or more of any class of relevant securities; and 
 employees of both the offeror and the offeree company and the trustees of the offeree company s pension scheme must be informed about an offer. In addition, the offeree company s employee representatives and pension scheme trustees have the right to have a separate opinion on the effects of the offer on employment appended to the offeree board of directors circular or published on a website. 
 The rights of our shareholders may differ from the rights typically offered to shareholders of a U.S. corporation. 
 We are incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. The rights of holders of ordinary shares and, therefore, certain of the rights of holders of ADS, are governed by English law, including the provisions of the Companies Act, and by our articles of association. These rights differ in certain respects from the rights of shareholders in typical U.S. corporations. 
 The principal differences include the following: 
 under English law and our articles of association, each shareholder present at a meeting has only one vote unless demand is made for a vote on a poll, in which case each holder gets one vote per share owned. Under U.S. law, each shareholder typically is entitled to one vote per share at all meetings; 
 under English law, it is only on a poll that the number of shares determines the number of votes a holder may cast. You should be aware, however, that the voting rights of ADS are also governed by the provisions of a deposit agreement with our depositary bank; 
 under English law, subject to certain exceptions and disapplications, each shareholder generally has preemptive rights to subscribe on a proportionate basis to any issuance of ordinary shares or rights to subscribe for, or to convert securities into, ordinary shares for cash. Under U.S. law, shareholders generally do not have preemptive rights unless specifically granted in the certificate of incorporation or otherwise; 
 under English law and our articles of association, certain matters require the approval of 75 of the shareholders who vote (in person or by proxy) on the relevant resolution (or on a poll of shareholders representing 75 of the ordinary shares voting (in person or by proxy)), including amendments to the articles of association. This may make it more difficult for us to complete corporate transactions deemed advisable by our board of directors. Under U.S. law, generally only majority shareholder approval is required to amend the certificate of incorporation or to approve other significant transactions; 
 in the United Kingdom, takeovers may be structured as takeover offers or as schemes of arrangement. Under English law, a bidder seeking to acquire us by means of a takeover offer would need to make an offer for all 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 of our outstanding ordinary shares/ADS. If acceptances are not received for 90 or more of the ordinary shares/ADS under the offer, under English law, the bidder cannot complete a squeeze out to obtain 100 control of us. Accordingly, acceptances of 90 of our outstanding ordinary shares/ADSs will likely be a condition in any takeover offer to acquire us, not 50 as is more common in tender offers for corporations organized under Delaware law. By contrast, a scheme of arrangement, the successful completion of which would result in a bidder obtaining 100 control of us, requires the approval of a majority of shareholders voting at the meeting and representing 75 of the ordinary shares voting for approval; and 
 under English law and our articles of association, shareholders and other persons whom we know or have reasonable cause to believe are, or have been, interested in our shares may be required to disclose information regarding their interests in our shares upon our request, and the failure to provide the required information could result in the loss or restriction of rights attaching to the shares, including prohibitions on certain transfers of the shares, withholding of dividends and loss of voting rights. Comparable provisions generally do not exist under U.S. law. 
 As an English public limited company, certain capital structure decisions will require shareholder approval, which may limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure. 
 English law provides that a board of directors may only allot shares (or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares) with the prior authorization of shareholders, either pursuant to an ordinary resolution or as set out in the articles of association. This authorization must state the aggregate nominal amount of shares that it covers, can be valid up to a maximum period of five years and can be varied, renewed or revoked by shareholders. Such authority from our shareholders to allot additional shares for a period of five years from 2021 was included in the ordinary resolution passed by our shareholders on May 20, 2021, which authorization will need to be renewed upon expiration (i.e., at least every five years) but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 
 English law also generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash. However, it is possible for the articles of association, or for shareholders to pass a special resolution at a general meeting, being a resolution passed by at least 75 of the votes cast, to disapply preemptive rights. Such a disapplication of preemptive rights may be for a maximum period of up to five years from the date of adoption of the articles of association, if the disapplication is contained in the articles of association, but not longer than the duration of the authority to allot shares to which this disapplication relates or from the date of the shareholder special resolution, if the disapplication is by shareholder special resolution. In either case, this disapplication would need to be renewed by our shareholders upon its expiration (i.e., at least every five years). Such authority from our shareholders to disapply preemptive rights for a period of five years was included in the special resolution passed by our shareholders on May 20, 2021, which disapplication will need to be renewed upon expiration (i.e., at least every five years) to remain effective, but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 
 English law also generally prohibits a public company from repurchasing its own shares without the prior approval of its shareholders by ordinary resolution, being a resolution passed by a simple majority of votes cast, and other formalities. Such approval may be provided for a maximum period of up to five years. In addition, a public company can only affect a buyback of shares out of distributable profits or a fresh issue of shares and cannot do so out of capital. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate registered office is 3 rd Floor, 1 Ashley Road, Altrincham, Cheshire, United Kingdom WA14 2DT. Due to the continuing impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic since our inception, we and many members of the Centessa Subsidiaries have been successfully working virtually. On February 7, 2022, we entered into a 10-year lease for approximately 18,922 square feet of office space in Boston, Massachusetts. We plan to locate our headquarters here once we complete a build out of the space, currently anticipated in April 2023. We intend to sublet a portion of the Boston leased office space after completion of the build out. Details of any such sublease are not available yet. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. On September 28, 2022 Original Complaint ), the Company and certain of its current and former officers were named as defendants in a proposed class-action lawsuit. The complaint generally alleges that the Company violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act by allegedly making materially false and/or misleading statements, as well as allegedly failing to disclose material adverse facts relating to the safety profile and future clinical and commercial prospects of each of its lixivaptan and ZF874 programs, which caused the Company s securities to trade at artificially inflated prices. On February 10, 2023, an amended complaint was filed Amended Complaint ). A number of the complaints set forth in the Original Complaint have been abandoned including with respect to intentional fraud theory and claims pursuant to Sections 10(b) or 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The only claims alleged in the Amended Complaint are violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act based on alleged misstatements in the S-1 filed by the Company in connection with its Initial Public Offering. The complaint also abandons any claims concerning ZF874 and focuses entirely on lixivaptan. The Company believes this lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the case vigorously. Litigation and related matters are costly and may divert the attention of the Company s management and other resources that would otherwise be engaged in other activities. The Company has not recorded an estimate of the possible loss associated with this legal proceeding due to the uncertainties related to both the likelihood and the amount of any possible loss or range of loss. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our American Depositary Shares ADSs ), which represent an ordinary share in Centessa, are listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CNTA. As of March 15, 2023 , there were approximately seven regi stered holders of record of Centessa's ordinary shares, which include shares of record held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions on behalf of beneficial owners. The transfer agent of our ADSs is Citibank Shareholder Services, whose telephone numbers are US Toll Free: 1 (877) 248-4237 International Tel: 1 (781) 575-4555. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends to our shareholders on our ordinary shares or our convertible preferred shares. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Investors should not purchase the ADSs with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. 
 
 Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and may be based on a number of factors, including our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited under English law. See Risk Factors We do not intend to pay dividends on our ordinary shares, so any returns will be limited to the value of our ordinary shares or ADSs. If we pay any dividends, ADS holders will generally have the right to receive the dividends paid on the underlying ordinary shares, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. 
 Equity Compensation Information 
 The information required by this item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On May 27, 2021, our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (file No. 333-255393) was declared effective by the SEC for our initial public offering of common stock, or IPO. In June 2021, the Company completed an initial public offering IPO of its ordinary shares through the sale and issuance of 16,500,000 ADSs, at an initial price of 20.00 per ADS. Each ADS represents one ordinary share with a nominal value of 0.002 per ordinary share. Following the close of the IPO, the underwriters fully exercised their option to purchase an additional 2,475,000 ADSs at the initial public offering price of 20.00 per ADS. The Company received aggregate net proceeds of 344.1 million in connection with the IPO and subsequent exercise of the underwriter s options after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses paid or to be paid. 
 Except for the planned redeployment of resources from our lixivaptan, ZF874, imgatuzumab, PearlRiver Bio and Janpix programs there has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on June 1, 2021. Upon receipt, the net proceeds from our IPO were held in cash. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 116 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated and combined financial statements and related notes thereto of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc Successor and the Centessa Predecessor Group Predecessor ), included elsewhere herein. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company with a mission to discover, develop and ultimately deliver medicines that are transformational for patients. Our company was formed in October 2020 to pursue our mission within a unique, at-scale asset-centric operating model in a capital efficient manner. We refer to this concept as asset-centricity. On January 29, 2021, we acquired 11 pre-revenue, development stage biotechnology companies as direct subsidiaries (together referred to as the Centessa Subsidiaries ), and in June 2021, we completed an IPO. Since early 2022, we have substantially changed how we manage the Centessa Subsidiaries, and where applicable, we have reorganized their assets into individual focused pipeline programs unified under the Centessa Pharmaceuticals corporate brand. 
 We are advancing the registrational program for SerpinPC, our most advanced product candidate, for the treatment of HB. This registrational program includes a set of studies with multiple components. If the data from the registrational program are positive, we aim to submit a BLA to the FDA as well as potential additional applications worldwide. While the initial focus of our ongoing clinical development program is HB, with and without inhibitors, we believe SerpinPC has the potential to treat all types of hemophilia regardless of severity or inhibitor status and it may also prevent bleeding associated with other bleeding disorders. We continue to assess registrational plans for HA. 
 Following clearance of our IND application from the FDA in January 2023, we initiated a Phase 1/2a first-in-human, clinical trial of LB101 for the treatment of solid tumors and dosed the first subject in March 2023. We look to this study to provide validation to further advance LB101 and our LockBody technology platform. In addition, we continue to progress earlier stage development programs focused on high-value indications where there is unmet need, including ORX750 for the treatment of NT1, with potential expansion into NT2 and other sleep disorders, and MGX292 for the treatment of PAH. 
 As part of ongoing portfolio management, we continuously review all of our programs with the goal of assembling a pipeline of product candidates with the potential to be first in class / best in class assets. Our portfolio decisions reflect the responsibility of the management team to expeditiously evaluate and potentially increase resources or suspend development based on whether the product profile or data meet our criteria for further investment. In particular, we apply our criteria to each program individually and evaluate the merits of each program individually. As a result, (1) earlier in 2022, we discontinued the development of the following programs: lixivaptan in ADPKD; ZF874 in AATD; a dual-STAT3/5 degrader program in AML; all programs associated with PearlRiver including the small molecule EGFR Exon20 insertion mutation inhibitor program and the C797S mutation inhibitor program for the treatment of NSCLC; (2) we divested PearlRiver in December 2022; and, (3) we evaluated strategic options for imgatuzumab, an anti-EGFR mAb; and subsequently divested this program in early January 2023 through a company divestment of Pega-One. Additionally, in December 2022, as a result of protocol defined stopping criterion having been met, we suspended dosing in the multiple ascending dose (MAD) stage of the Phase 1 study of CBS001, a neutralizing therapeutic mAb to the inflammatory membrane form of LIGHT for inflammatory / fibrotic diseases. We recently determined to deprioritize CBS001 an d have paused all development activities pending strategic review. We are evaluating strategic partnerships to progress CBS004, a therapeutic mAb targeting BDCA-2 for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, into the clinic. 
 In October 2021, we entered into a financing agreement with funds managed by Oberland Capital and drew down an initial tranche of funding in the amount of 75.0 million. Since inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to acquiring and developing product and technology rights, conducting research and development in our discovery and enabling stages, in our clinical and preclinical trials and raising capital. We have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and have funded operations primarily through the sale and issuance of our equity securities. The ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of current or future product candidates. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future in connection with ongoing development activities related to the portfolio of programs as we advance the preclinical and clinical development of product candidates; perform research activities as we seek to discover and develop additional programs and product candidates; carry out maintenance, expansion enforcement, defense, and protection of our intellectual property portfolio; and hire additional research and development, clinical and commercial personnel. Further, inflation may affect our use of capital resources by increasing our cost of labor, research, manufacturing and clinical trial expenses. Based on our current 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 operating model and development plan, we expect our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 of 393.6 million, to fund our operat i ons into 2026 without drawing on the remaining available tranches under the Oberland Capital financing agreement. 
 Covid-19 Update 
 We are continuing to proactively monitor the COVID-19 global pandemic, including the mutating Omicron variants, to assess the potential impact on our business, and to seek to avoid any unnecessary potential delays to our programs. At this time, our clinical programs and research activities remain largely on track, with some modest delays in clinical trial enrollment rates and supply chain activities for investigational clinical trial material. While we are unable to fully quantify the potential effects of this pandemic on our future operations, including any further delays to our preclinical and clinical programs, management continues to evaluate and to seek to mitigate risks. The safety and well-being of employees, patients and partners remains our highest priority. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Subsequent to the contribution of the Centessa Subsidiaries to Centessa, the financial activities of Centessa and all Centessa Subsidiaries are being presented on a consolidated basis and are denoted as Successor within management s discussion and analysis of the financial statements. The historical financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented may not be comparable due to the difference in basis of accounting for the Centessa Predecessor Group and Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc. Prior to the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries on January 29, 2021, the Centessa Predecessor Group consisted of three of the acquired companies (Z Factor Limited, LockBody Therapeutics Ltd and Morphogen-IX Limited). Immediately following the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc consisted of approximately 20 legal entities, inclusive of the parent company and all indirect subsidiaries . 
 Revenues 
 We have not generated any revenue. Our ability to generate product revenue and to become profitable will depend upon the ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize any current and future product candidates. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and regulatory approval, we are unable to predict the amount or timing of product revenue. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the discovery and development of the Company s clinical and preclinical programs, net of reimbursements. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. These expenses include: 
 expenses incurred to conduct the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials required to obtain regulatory approval; 
 milestone payments pursuant to the license agreements; 
 personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits and share-based compensation expense for employees engaged in research and development functions; 
 costs of funding research performed by third parties, including pursuant to agreements with contract research organizations ("CROs") for active and discontinued programs, as well as investigative sites and consultants that conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with contract manufacturing organizations CMOs ), including committed costs for discontinued programs, manufacturing scale-up expenses and the cost of acquiring and manufacturing preclinical study and clinical trial materials; 
 fees paid to consultants who assist with research and development activities; 
 expenses related to regulatory activities, including filing fees paid to regulatory agencies; and 
 allocated expenses for facility costs, including rent, utilities, depreciation and maintenance. 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development will generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect research and development expenses to increase significantly over the next several years due to increases in personnel costs, including share-based compensation, increases in costs to conduct clinical trials for current product candidates and other clinical trials for future product candidates and prepare regulatory filings for any product candidates. 
 The successful development of our current or future product candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the remainder of the development of current or future product candidates, or when, if ever, material net cash inflows may commence from product candidates. This uncertainty is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the duration and cost of clinical trials, which vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of many factors, including: 
 delays in regulators or institutional review boards authorizing us or its investigators to commence our clinical trials, or in our ability to negotiate agreements with clinical trial sites or CROs; 
 the ability to secure adequate supply of product candidates for trials; 
 the number of clinical sites included in the trials; 
 the ability and the length of time required to enroll suitable patients; 
 the number of patients that ultimately participate in the trials; 
 the number of doses patients receive; 
 any side effects associated with product candidates; 
 the duration of patient follow-up; 
 the results of clinical trials; 
 significant and changing government regulations; and 
 launching commercial sales of product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others. 
 Our expenditures are subject to additional uncertainties, including the terms and timing of regulatory approvals. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for their product candidates. 
 We may obtain unexpected results from clinical trials and may elect to discontinue, delay or modify clinical trials of product candidates. A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of a product candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. For example, if the European Medicines Agency ("EMA"), FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that are currently anticipated, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of clinical development. Product commercialization will take several years, and we expect to spend a significant amount in development costs. 
 Research and Development Tax Incentives 
 We participate in research tax incentive programs that are granted to companies by the United Kingdom and certain European tax authorities in order to encourage them to conduct technical and scientific research. Expenditures that meet the required criteria are eligible to receive a tax credit that is reimbursed in cash. Estimates of the amount of the cash refund expected to be received are determined at each reporting period and recorded as reductions to research and development expenses. We may not be able to continue to claim the most beneficial payable research and development tax credits in the future if we cease to qualify as a small or medium enterprise, based on size criteria concerning employee headcount, turnover and gross assets. In addition, unless our subsidiaries qualify for an exemption, there are limitations to how much tax incentive can be claimed. This limitation is calculated as the total of the Company's relevant expenditure on employees in the period, multiplied by 300 , plus 20,000. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel expenses, including salaries and benefits for employees and share-based compensation. General and administrative expense also includes facility costs, including rent, 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 utilities, depreciation and maintenance, not otherwise included in research and development expense, as well as legal fees related to intellectual property and corporate matters and fees for accounting and consulting services. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Value Rights 
 Change in fair value of contingent value rights reflects the fair market value adjustment to the contingent value rights ("CVR") liability related to the achievement of a specified development milestone for Palladio s product candidate. In connection with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, we issued CVR to former shareholders and option holders of Palladio. The CVR represented the contractual rights to receive shares valued, in aggregate, at 39.7 million upon the first patient dosed in a Phase 3 pivotal study of lixivaptan for the treatment of ADPKD in any of the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Japan (designated the ACTION Study). The contingent CVR milestone was settled through the issuance of our ordinary shares equal to the amount of the total CVR payable based on the per share value of ordinary shares at the milestone date. We determined that the CVR should be accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Accordingly, the fair value of the contingent consideration was assessed quarterly until settlement occurred in February 2022. 
 Interest (Expense) Income, net 
 Interest (expense) income primarily consists of interest costs related to the Note Purchase Agreement, partially offset by interest income earned from our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Other (Expense) Income, net 
 Other (expense) income, net consists primarily of foreign currency transaction gains and losses as well as the change in fair value of the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 The Company s financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars ("USD"), the reporting currency of the Company. The functional currency of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc is USD and the functional currency of the Centessa Subsidiaries is their respective local currency. Income and expenses have been translated into USD at average monthly exchange rates prevailing during the period. Assets and liabilities have been translated at the rates of exchange on the balance sheets dates and equity accounts at their respective historical rates. The resulting translation gain and loss adjustments are recorded directly as a separate component of shareholders equity as other comprehensive (loss) income. Transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are remeasured based upon the exchange rate at the date of remeasurement with the resulting gain or loss included in the accompanying consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive loss within Other (expense) income, net. 
 The functional currency of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc had previously been British pounds GBP ), as Centessa Pharmaceutical plc s primary activities during formation were mostly denominated in GBP, including related transaction costs, the acquisition of Centessa subsidiaries predominantly with operations in GBP and the issuance of shares with a GBP nominal value as consideration in the acquisition. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, the functional currency of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc changed from GBP to USD. The change in functional currency was the result of many factors including the completion of an IPO and receipt of proceeds in USD which resulted in USD denominated assets exceeding GBP denominated assets, the increase in the number of U.S.-based employees, and the increase in costs denominated in USD, following completion of the Company s IPO on a U.S. stock exchange Nasdaq ). Given these significant changes, the Company considered the economic factors outlined in ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters and concluded that the majority of the factors supported the use of the USD as the functional currency for Centessa Pharmaceutical plc. 
 The change in functional currency for Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc was applied on a prospective basis beginning as of the second quarter of 2021 and translation adjustments for prior periods will continue to remain as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company reclassified the presentation of foreign currency gains and losses recognized first quarter of 2021 from General administration expense to Other income (expense), net to conform to the current period financial statement presentation. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Company (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group 
 The following table sets forth the Company (Successor) s results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 and the Centessa Predecessor Group s results of operations for the period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 (amounts in thousands): 
 Successor Predecessor Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development 155,083 95,660 662 General and administrative 55,200 42,888 121 Change in fair value of contingent value rights 1,980 15,082 Acquired in-process research and development 220,454 Loss from operations (212,263) (374,084) (783) Interest expense, net (7,033) (1,172) (9) Amortization of debt discount (37) Debt issuance costs (1,331) Other income (expense), net 2,342 (4,370) Loss before income taxes (216,954) (380,957) (829) Income tax (benefit) expense (747) 114 Net loss (216,207) (381,071) (829) 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table summarizes research and development expenses by program incurred for the following periods (amounts in thousands): 
 Successor Predecessor Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 Prioritized programs: SerpinPC (ApcinteX) 24,175 2,926 LB101/LockBody platform (LockBody) 20,934 5,397 241 OX2R (Orexia) 19,110 19,411 MGX292 (Morphogen-IX) 9,248 5,127 187 Discontinued or other programs Lixivaptan (Palladio) 29,120 17,365 ZF874 (Z Factor) 10,102 8,577 323 CBS001/CBS004 (Capella) 6,121 6,275 Dual-STAT3/5 (Janpix) 4,630 5,962 Imgatuzumab (Pega-One) 3,943 12,870 EGFR Exon20/C797S (PearlRiver) 609 2,857 Non-program specific costs: Personnel expenses 37,684 21,239 98 Research tax incentives (12,608) (13,839) (222) Other preclinical and clinical development expenses 2,015 1,493 35 155,083 95,660 662 
 Research and development expenses for the Company (Successor) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 were 155.1 million and 95.7 million, respectively. The increase in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily reflected higher development costs for our most advanced programs, including SerpinPC 21.2 million consistent with the Company advancing the registrational program for SerpinPC for the treatment of HB, and LB101 15.5 million), which reflected higher preclinical costs compared to the prior year and costs related to the IND submission for LB101 in December 2022. Additionally, costs in 2022 reflected increased personnel costs of 16.4 million, which included employee severance costs of approximately 3 million related to discontinuing certain research and development programs as well as increased headcount and higher share-based compensation expense of 6.1 million. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expense 
 The following table summarizes the general and administrative expenses for the following periods (amounts in thousands): 
 Successor Predecessor Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 Personnel expenses 25,921 17,858 Legal and professional fees 15,060 14,831 117 Other expenses 12,865 9,570 4 Facilities and supplies 1,354 629 55,200 42,888 121 
 General and administrative expenses for the Company (Successor) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 were 55.2 million and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 were 42.9 million. The increase in 2022 is primarily attributable to higher public company costs subsequent to the Company s IPO in June 2021, higher personnel costs and increased costs related to the implementation of Oracle software. The increase in personnel related expenses included an increase in headcount and higher share-based compensation expense of 4.1 million which is primarily attributable to the equity awards issued at the time of the acquisition and the subsequent issuances of awards through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Acquired In-Process Research and Development 
 During the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, in connection with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, the Company (Successor) recognized 220.5 million of expense associated with research and development projects of the Centessa Subsidiaries which were in-process with no alternative future use. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Value Rights 
 On February 18, 2022, we commenced dosing in the Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating lixivaptan as a potential treatment for ADPKD. Such event was the milestone trigger for payment of contingent value rights originally issued to the former shareholders and option holders of Palladio, in connection with its acquisition by Centessa in January 2021. The contingent value rights entitled such holders to a number of ordinary shares of the Company (including in the form of ADSs) in an aggregate amount of approximately 39.7 million based on the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Company s ADSs over the five day trading period ending on the date of the milestone trigger. The aggregate number of ordinary shares, issued as ADSs, in satisfaction of such contingent value rights, to the former shareholders and option holders of Palladio was 3,938,423. The number of ADSs issued to employee recipients reflected in this figure is net of tax withholding, which the Company satisfied with cash payments to tax authorities. The ADSs were issued in exchange for the previously-issued contingent value rights of the Company. We recognized a remaining 2.0 million adjustment of fair value in its consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss in its first quarter of 2022, while a corresponding fair value adjustment of 15.1 million was recognized in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 was 7.0 million and 1.2 million, respectively. The increase reflected higher interest expense from the issuance of the Note Purchase Agreement in October 2021, partially offset by interest earned on higher cash balances. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 2.3 million, primarily reflecting a 5.9 million gain related to remeasuring the Note Purchase Agreement at fair value as of December 31, 2022, 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 partially offset by foreign currency transaction losses of 2.8 million. The unrealized gain related to the Note Purchase Agreement was primarily driven by an increase in the discount rate due to a higher risk free rate and an increase in credit spreads. Other income (expense), net for the Company during the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 was (4.4) million, largely reflecting foreign currency transaction losses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 393.6 million. Concurrent with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries by the Company (Successor) in January 2021, we completed a 250.0 million Series A convertible preferred financing that was comprised of 245.0 million in proceeds and the 5.0 million conversion of a convertible debt instrument. In June 2021, we completed our IPO and shortly after the close of the IPO, the underwriters exercised their option in full to purchase an additional 2,475,000 ADSs at the initial public offering price of 20.00 per ADS. We received aggregate net proceeds of 344.1 million which includes the full exercise of the underwriters option. 
 In October 2021, we entered into a financing agreement with funds managed by Oberland Capital, which provides us additional funds to further scale up our development activities and to enhance balance sheet flexibility for potential pipeline extension. Under the terms of the agreement, Oberland Capital will purchase up to 300.0 million of 6-year, interest-only (initial interest rate is 8.0 per annum), senior secured notes from us including 75.0 million, funded on October 4, 2021, 125.0 million available in tranches of 75.0 million and 50.0 million available through September 2023 and December 2023, respectively, at our option, and 100.0 million available to fund M A, in-licensing, or other strategic transactions, at the option of the Company and Oberland Capital. 
 Under the financing agreement, as amended, we are required to maintain a cash balance in an amount equal to 90 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all issued Notes, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement, that have been issued. Also pursuant to the agreement, upon the sale of any of our assets, if the Purchaser Agent elects to have us repurchase the notes, such repurchase amounts will be subject to a 100 million deductible such that the Purchaser Agent will not collect any repurchase amounts until 100 million has been received by us from such sale event. In addition, the reduced payment cap that is triggered by the Purchaser Agent opting into a repayment in the event of an asset sale, extends to the second loan tranche, if drawn. 
 In July 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement (Form S-3) with the SEC, under which we may offer and sell from time to time up to 350.0 million in the aggregate of its ordinary shares, each of which may be represented by one American Depositary Share; senior or subordinated debt securities; warrants to purchase any securities that may be sold under the prospectus; units or any combination of such securities as described in such registration statement. On January 27, 2023, the Company entered into a sales agreement with SVB Securities LLC SVB pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell its ordinary shares, represented by American Depositary Shares, having an aggregate offering price of up to 125.0 million from time to time in at-the-market offerings through SVB, acting as our agent (the ATM Offering ). The Company has not sold any ordinary shares, or American Depositary Shares, or received any proceeds from any offerings under the ATM Offering. 
 We have no other ongoing material financing commitments, such as lines of credit or guarantees, that are expected to affect liquidity over the next five years. The maturity date of the Oberland Capital Notes is October 4, 20 27. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flow 
 Company (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group 
 The following table shows a summary of cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Successor Predecessor Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (200,546) (135,109) (1,049) Investing activities (931) 63,256 Financing activities 457 660,147 Exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents (418) 1,822 80 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (201,438) 590,116 (969) 
 Operating Activities 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company (Successor) used 200.5 million of cash in operating activities, reflecting a net loss of 216.2 million, partially offset by a noncash charge of 25.0 million for share-based compensation. 
 During the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company (Successor) used 135.1 million of cash in operating activities. Cash used in operating activities reflected a net loss of 381.1 million, offset by a 220.5 million non-cash charge for acquired in-process research and development in connection with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, 15.8 million in a non-cash change in fair value of contingent value rights and debt, 14.9 million in non-cash share-based compensation expense, and a (5.8) million net change in operating assets and liabilities. 
 During the period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021, the Centessa Predecessor Group used 1.0 million of net cash in operating activities. Cash used in operating activities largely reflected a net loss of 0.8 million. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities for the Company (Successor) was 0.9 million, primarily related to the purchase of property and equipment. During the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, net cash provided by investing activities for the Company (Successor) was 63.3 million and was largely attributable to 68.0 million of cash acquired in connection with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, partially offset by related 4.6 million of transaction costs paid during the period. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities for the Company (Successor) was 0.5 million, reflecting proceeds from the exercise of stock options partially offset by the payment of debt issuance costs. During the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 financing activities for the Company (Successor) provided 660.1 million in net cash proceeds and is primarily attributable to the sale of the Company (Successor) s Series A preferred shares in January 2021, the IPO in June 2021, and the issuance of debt in October 2021, net of issuance costs. The Company (Successor) also received 0.8 million in proceeds upon the exercise of stock options. 
 Funding Requirements 
 We expect expenses to increase in connection with ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of, continue or initiate clinical trials of, and seek marketing approval for any current and future product candidates. In addition, if marketing approval is obtained for any product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. In addition, inflation may affect our use of capital resources by increasing our cost of labor, research and clinical trial expenses. Accordingly, there 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 will be a need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with the continuing operations. For the foreseeable future, the Centessa Subsidiaries expect the significant majority of their funding to come from the Company. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 
 seek to discover and develop current and future clinical and preclinical product candidates; 
 scale up clinical and regulatory capabilities; 
 adapt regulatory compliance efforts to incorporate requirements applicable to marketed products; 
 establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and scale up external manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any product candidates for which regulatory approval may be obtained; 
 maintain, expand and protect the intellectual property portfolio; 
 hire additional internal or external clinical, manufacturing and scientific personnel or consultants; 
 add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support product development efforts; and 
 incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses in operating as a public company. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated research, development and commercialization of product candidates, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of its working capital requirements. Future funding requirements will depend on and could increase significantly as a result of many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 
 the scope, prioritization and number of research and development programs; 
 the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of product candidates; 
 the ability to establish and maintain collaborations on favorable terms, if at all; 
 the extent to which obligations to reimburse exist, or entitled to reimbursement of, clinical trial costs under collaboration agreements, if any; 
 the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 
 the costs of securing manufacturing arrangements for commercial production; and 
 the costs of establishing or contracting for sales and marketing capabilities if regulatory approvals are obtained to market product candidates. 
 Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials is a time- consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes many years to complete, and may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of product candidates that do not expect to be commercially available for the next couple of years, if at all. Accordingly, the need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives will exist. Adequate additional financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Management s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based on the consolidated and combined financial statements of the Company (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires estimates and judgments be made that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated and combined financial statements. On an ongoing basis, an evaluation of estimates and judgments are required, including those related to accrued research and development expenses, the Note Purchase Agreement and share-based compensation. Estimates are based on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While the significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to the Company (Successor) s consolidated and the Group s combined financial statements, the following accounting policies are the most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. 
 Research and Development Accruals 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the development of product candidates. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 
 Expenses for preclinical studies and clinical trial activities performed by third parties are accrued based upon estimates of the proportion of work completed over the term of the individual trial and patient enrollment rates in accordance with agreements with CROs and clinical trial sites. Estimates are determined by reviewing external service providers as to the progress or stage of completion of trials or services and the agreed-upon fee to be paid for such services. However, actual costs and timing of clinical trials are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending upon a number of factors, including the clinical development plan. 
 Estimates of accrued expenses are made as of each balance sheet date in the financial statements based on facts and circumstances known at that time. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, an adjustment to the accrual will be made accordingly. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods and services, including fees for process development or manufacturing and distribution of clinical supplies that will be used in future research and development activities, are recognized as expense in the period that the related goods are consumed or services are performed. 
 Milestone payments within the Company s licensing arrangements are recognized when achievement of the milestone is deemed probable to occur. To the extent products are commercialized and future economic benefit has been established, commercial milestones that become probable are capitalized and amortized over the estimated remaining useful life of the intellectual property. In addition, royalty expenses would be accrued and sublicense non-royalty payments, as applicable, for the amount it is obligated to pay, with adjustments as sales are made. 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement 
 As described in further detail in Note 6 - Debt, in October 2021, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Notes with Oberland Capital Management LLC Oberland Capital ). Under the terms of the agreement, amended, Oberland Capital will purchase up to 300.0 million of 6-year, interest-only (initial interest rate is 8.0 per annum), senior secured notes (the Notes) from us including 75.0 million, funded on October 4, 2021, 125.0 million available through 2023 at the Company s option, and 100.0 million available to fund Mergers and Acquisitions M A ), in-licensing, or other strategic transactions, at the our option and Oberland Capital. In addition, we are obligated to pay a Milestone payment equal to 30 of the aggregate principal amount issued under the Notes by us upon regulatory approval of any drug candidate. 
 
 We evaluated the notes and determined that the notes include embedded derivatives that would otherwise require bifurcation as derivative liabilities. Neither the debt instrument nor any embedded features are required to be classified as equity. Therefore, the hybrid financial instrument comprised of the debt host and the embedded derivative liability may be accounted for under the fair value option. We elected to carry the Notes at fair value, and the debt instrument is outside the scope of ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and thus will be classified as a liability under ASC 470, Debt , in our financial statements. As we have elected to account for the Notes under the fair value option, debt issuance costs were immediately expensed. 
 The fair value of the Note Purchase Agreement represents the present value of estimated future payments, including interest, principal as well as estimated payments that are contingent upon the achievement of specified milestones. The fair value of the notes is based on the cumulative probability of the various estimated payments. The fair value measurement is based on significant Level 3 unobservable inputs such as the probability of achieving the milestones, anticipated timelines, probability and timing of an early redemption of all obligations under the agreement and discount rate. Any changes in the fair value of the liability are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss until it is settled. 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 Share-Based Compensation 
 We measure share-based awards at their grant-date fair value and record compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards. Following the completion of our IPO, the fair value of our ordinary shares was determined based on the quoted market price of our ADSs representing our ordinary shares. The Company (Successor) and the Predecessor Group account for forfeitures of stock option awards as they occur. 
 We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value its stock option awards. The expected life of the stock options is estimated using the simplified method, as we have limited historical information from which to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior for its stock option grants. The simplified method is the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of the option. For share price volatility, we use comparable public companies as a basis for our expected volatility to calculate the fair value of option grants. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve commensurate with the expected life of the option. 
 As there was no public market for our ordinary shares prior to the IPO, the estimated fair value of our ordinary shares had been determined by our board of directors as of the date of each option grant, with input from management, considering third-party valuations of our ordinary shares, which were performed contemporaneously with events which management believed would have an impact on the valuation of our ordinary shares. Our board of directors considered various objective and subjective factors, along with input from management, to determine the fair value of our ordinary shares, including: 
 our nascent stage of development and business strategy, including the status of research and development efforts of its product candidates and the material risks related to its business and industry; 
 our results of operations and financial position, including our levels of available capital resources; 
 the valuation of publicly traded companies in the life sciences and biotechnology sectors, as well as recently completed mergers and acquisitions of peer companies; 
 the lack of marketability of our ordinary shares as a private company; 
 the most recent price of our convertible preferred shares sold to investors in arm s length transactions and the rights, preferences and privileges of our convertible preferred shares relative to those of our ordinary shares; 
 the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event for the holders of our ordinary shares, such as an initial public offering or a sale of our, given prevailing market conditions; 
 trends and developments in our industry; and 
 external market conditions affecting the life sciences and biotechnology industry sectors. 
 The third-party valuations of our ordinary shares that our board of directors considered in making its determinations were performed in accordance with the guidance outlined in the Practice Guide , which prescribes several valuation approaches for determining the value of an enterprise, such as cost, market and income approaches, and various methodologies for allocating the value of an enterprise to its capital structure and specifically the ordinary shares. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 As of December 31, 2022, other than what has been disclosed in Note 7 "Commitment and contingencies" and Note 6 - "Debt" , we had no material contractual obligations and other commitments associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. 
 We have entered into collaborative arrangements to develop and commercialize intellectual property. These arrangements typically involve two (or more) parties who are active participants in the collaboration and are exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities. These collaborations usually involve various activities by one or more parties, including research and development, marketing and selling and distribution. Often, these collaborations require upfront, milestone and royalty or profit share payments, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. Amounts due to collaborative partners related to development activities are generally reflected as research and development expenses. See Intellectual Property and License Agreements in Item 1. Business of this Form 10-K for additional information on these arrangements. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 The contractual obligations we have disclosed do not include any potential development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and potential royalty payments that we may be required to make under the various license agreements entered into by the Centessa Subsidiaries and collaboration agreement. We excluded these payments given that the timing of any such payments cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
 
 Incentivization Agreements 
 In January 2021, we established incentivization arrangements pursuant to which certain members of the senior management teams of each subsidiary are eligible to earn certain payments based on the attainment of corresponding milestone performance by and/or an exit event of such subsidiary, as applicable to each executive. As defined in the incentivization agreements, an exit event includes the sale or disposition (including via an out-licensing) of all or substantially all of the applicable subsidiary s commercially valuable assets or, in the case of subsidiaries with more than one asset, sale or disposition of one or more of such assets, or any sale or disposition of the applicable subsidiary s equity which results in the purchaser of the equity acquiring a controlling interest in the applicable subsidiary. Milestones may include the designation of a product candidate or the attainment of approvals, licenses, permits, certifications registrations or authorizations necessary for the sale of a particular product candidate or related molecules in the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Spain or the United Kingdom. The milestone payment amount for each subsidiary is in the low eight figure range to be divided among the members of the respective subsidiary s senior management team and employees according to the terms of its respective incentivization agreement. Any milestone payment earned will be payable in a lump sum within twenty (20) days after attainment of the milestone. In addition, if a sale of a controlling interest in a subsidiary or sale (or grant of an exclusive license) of its respective product candidate occurs prior to attainment of the milestone or within the three (3) year period following attainment of the milestone, an exit payment equal in the range of single digit to low teens percentage of the sales proceeds less any amounts previously paid as a milestone payment (if any) and any fees, costs and expenses of the sale (excluding any earn out, milestone, royalty payment or other contingent payments but including any escrow, holdback or similar amount) will become due and payable to certain employees and members of the subsidiary s senior management team. To the extent an exit event occurs following the occurrence of an adverse event (which includes the failure to achieve milestones within the specified time period), no exit payment will become due unless sale proceeds are in excess of an amount in the eight-figure range. 
 The incentivization agreements contain standard termination provisions providing that the agreements shall terminate upon the occurrence of certain events, or automatically on December 31, 2035. Other events that may trigger termination include: 
 an exit event; 
 the occurrence of certain asset sales in conjunction with certain milestones; and 
 the date that is three years following achievement of certain milestones. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. Other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements under the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies include presentation of only two years of audited financial statements in a registration statement for an initial public offering, an exemption from the requirement to provide an auditor s report on internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, an exemption from any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation and less extensive disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date that (i) we are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of our first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more, (ii) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering, (iii) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of equity securities that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th and (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). If we are still a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Ris k 
 Under SEC rules and regulations, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the accompanying combined statements of operations and comprehensive loss, convertible preferred shares and combined deficit, and cash flows of the Centessa Predecessor Group (consisting of Z Factor Limited, LockBody Therapeutics Ltd, and Morphogen-IX Limited) (the Group) for the period January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated and combined financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated and combined financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of the Company s and the Group s operations and cash flows for each of the respective periods in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated and combined financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s and the Group s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated and combined financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company and the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and combined financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company and the Group are not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of their internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s and the Group s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and combined financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated and combined financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated and combined financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s and the Group s auditor since 2021. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 131 

Table of Contents 

Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Tax incentive receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net Other non-current assets Total assets 
 Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long term debt Contingent value rights Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Shareholders equity Ordinary shares: nominal value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 132 

Table of Contents 

 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Consolidated and Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 
 Successor Predecessor Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 Period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Change in fair value of contingent value rights Acquired in-process research and development Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Amortization of debt discount ) Debt issuance costs ) Other income (expense), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss per ordinary share - basic and diluted Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 133 

Table of Contents 

 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) 
 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity 
 (amounts in thousands except share data) Series A preferred Ordinary shares Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Accumulated deficit Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2022 ) Issuance of ordinary shares to settle outstanding contingent value rights, net Stock option exercises Share-based compensation expense Vesting of ordinary shares ) Shares withheld to pay employee withholding tax on share based compensation ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Balance at January 30, 2021 ) ) ) Sale of Series A convertible preferred shares, net of issuance costs of million 
 Issuance of Series A convertible preferred shares upon conversion of debt Acquisition of Centessa Subsidiaries, net Forgiveness of convertible term loan Sale of ordinary shares in connection with IPO, net of issuance costs of million 
 Conversion of Series A convertible preferred shares into ordinary shares ) ) Stock option exercises Share-based compensation expense Vesting of ordinary shares ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Combined Statements of Convertible Preferred Shares and Combined Deficit 
 (amounts in thousands except share data) 
 Convertible preferred shares Combined Deficit Series A Series B Series Seed Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Net loss ) Balance at January 29, 2021 ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Consolidated and Combined Statements of Cash Flows 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Successor Predecessor Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 Period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Acquired in-process research and development Share-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of financial instruments ) Deferred tax ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Tax incentive receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Other, net ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash acquired upon acquisition of Centessa Subsidiaries, net of cash paid Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the sale of convertible preferred shares, net of issuance costs Proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares in connection with initial public offering, net of issuance costs paid in cash Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs Proceeds from option exercises Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash investing and financing activities: Issuance of ordinary shares to settle outstanding contingent value rights Issuance of ordinary shares upon acquisition of Centessa Subsidiaries Issuance of contingent value rights upon acquisition of Centessa Subsidiaries Issuance of Series A convertible preferred shares Forgiveness of convertible term loan 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

1. 
 American Depositary Shares ADSs ), at an initial price of per ADS. Each ADS represents ordinary share with a nominal value of per ordinary share. Following the close of the IPO, the underwriters fully exercised their option to purchase an additional ADSs at the initial public offering price of per ADS. The Company received aggregate net proceeds of million in connection with the IPO and subsequent exercise of the underwriter s options after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses paid or to be paid. 
 Risks and Liquidity 
 The Company is subject to risks common to other life science companies in early stages of development including, but not limited to, uncertainty of product development and commercialization, lack of marketing and sales history, development by its competitors of new technological innovations, dependence on key personnel, market 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can generate significant sales of the product candidates currently in development by the Centessa Subsidiaries. Substantial additional capital will be needed by the Company to fund its operations (including those of the Centessa Subsidiaries) and to develop its product candidates. 
 In October 2021, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement with Oberland Capital Management LLC Oberland Capital ). Under the terms of the agreement, Oberland Capital will purchase up to million of , interest-only (initial interest rate was per annum), senior secured notes the Notes from the Company including million, funded on October 4, 2021, million available through 2023 at the Company s option, and million available to fund Mergers and Acquisitions M A ), in-licensing, or other strategic transactions, at the option of the Company and Oberland Capital (See - Note 6 "Debt" ). 
 The Company expects its existing cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 of million will be sufficient to fund its expected operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Global Pandemic COVID-19 
 On March 10, 2020, the WHO characterized the novel COVID-19 virus as a global pandemic. The Company is continuing to proactively monitor the COVID-19 global pandemic, to assess the potential impact on the business, and to seek to avoid any unnecessary potential delays to the Company s programs. As of December 31, 2022, the clinical programs and research activities remain largely on track, with some modest delays in clinical trial enrollment rates and supply chain activities. While we are unable to fully quantify the potential effects of this pandemic on our future operations, including potential delays to our preclinical and clinical programs, management continues to evaluate and to seek to mitigate risks. The safety and well-being of employees, patients and partners remains our highest priority. 
 
 2. 
 
 direct acquired Centessa Subsidiaries that were deemed to represent the predecessor entity prior to the Company s acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries in January 2021. The Centessa Predecessor Group includes the combined financial information of Z Factor, Morphogen-IX and LockBody. The successor includes the consolidated financial information of Centessa and all Centessa subsidiaries subsequent to the acquisition. 
 Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated and combined financial statements are presented in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission SEC requirements for predecessor and successor financial statements, which include the financial results of both the Company and the Centessa Predecessor Group. The consolidated balance sheets present the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The results of operations and cash flows contained in the consolidated and combined financial statements include the Company s consolidated financial results and cash flows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021; and the Centessa Predecessor Group s combined financial results and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021. 
 The accompanying consolidated and combined financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC and 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act enacted in April 2012. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal control over financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier to occur of (1) the last day of the fiscal year that is five years following the closing of our initial public offering, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least 1.235 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, under the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, which means the market value of our equity securities that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th after we have been subject to the SEC s periodic reporting requirements for at least twelve calendar months and have filed at least one annual report, and (4) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are electing to utilize the extended transition period and, as a result, will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for emerging growth companies. 
 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is below 250 million (or 560 million if our annual revenue is less than 100 million) as of June 30 in any given year. As a smaller reporting company, we are eligible for scaled disclosure relief from certain Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K requirements. The Company adopted the scaled disclosures in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 segment. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 The functional currency of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc had previously been British pounds GBP ), as Centessa Pharmaceutical plc s primary activities during formation were mostly denominated in GBP, including related transaction costs, the acquisition of Centessa subsidiaries predominantly with operations in GBP and the issuance of shares with a GBP nominal value as consideration in the acquisition. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, the functional currency of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc changed from GBP to USD. The change in functional currency was the result of many factors including the completion of an IPO and receipt of proceeds in USD which resulted in USD denominated assets exceeding GBP denominated assets, the increase in the number of U.S.-based employees, and the increase in costs denominated in USD, following completion of the Company s IPO on a U.S. stock exchange Nasdaq ). Given these significant changes, the Company considered the economic factors outlined in ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters and concluded that the majority of the factors supported the use of the USD as the functional currency for Centessa Pharmaceutical plc. 
 The change in functional currency for Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc was applied on a prospective basis beginning in the second quarter of 2021 and translation adjustments for prior periods will continue to remain as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The Company reclassified the presentation of foreign currency gains and losses recognized in the first quarter of 2021 from General administration expense to Other income (expense), net to conform to the current period financial statement presentation. 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 , as well as leasehold improvements under construction, which have useful lives of the lesser of applicable lease terms or their useful lives. The costs of maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Improvements and betterment that add new functionality or extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized. Depreciation expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 Capitalized software as a service costs representing costs incurred during the application development stage are included in Other non-current assets and the corresponding current portion, in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and is amortized using the straight line method over . Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and the post-implementation-operation stage are expensed as incurred. Hosting fees associated with the hosting as a service arrangement are expensed on a straight line basis over the term of the hosting arrangement. 
 million of , interest-only (initial interest rate was per annum), senior secured notes (the Notes) from the Company including million, funded on October 4, 2021, million available through 2023 at the Company s option, and million available to fund Mergers and Acquisitions (M A), in-licensing, or other strategic transactions, at the option of the Company and Oberland Capital. In addition, the Company is obligated to pay a Milestone payment equal to of the aggregate principal amount issued under the Notes by the Company upon regulatory approval of any drug candidate. 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

million and million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company may not be able to continue to claim the most beneficial payable research and development tax credits in the future if it ceased to qualify as a small or medium enterprise, based on size criteria concerning employee headcount, turnover and gross assets. In addition, unless its subsidiaries qualify for an exemption, there are limitations to how much tax incentive can be claimed. This limitation is calculated as the total of the Company's relevant expenditure on employees in the period, multiplied by , plus . 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

office lease (the Boston Lease for its new corporate headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts. The Boston Lease contains square feet with a fixed annual rent of approximately million in 2023, escalating to approximately million by Year 10. The Company may, at its discretion, extend the Boston Lease for extension term of . The Company will recognize an operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability for this facility upon lease commencement, expected in early 2023 after the construction of the leased space. The Company intends to sublet a portion of the Boston Lease after the commencement of the lease. 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 because the Company has not historically paid and does not expect for the foreseeable future to pay a dividend on its ordinary shares. 
 Prior to its IPO in June 2021, the fair value of the Company s ordinary shares was determined by the Company s board of directors with assistance from management and an independent third-party valuation firm. As discussed in further detail in Note 3 - "Acquisitions and Dispositions" , the estimated fair value of its ordinary shares was based on the Hybrid Method outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation , Practice Guide ). Subjective factors considered by the Company s board of directors and management included the addition of new executive members and the election of new independent directors to the Company s board of directors, as well as definitive plans to undertake an IPO. The assumptions used in estimating the fair value of share-based awards represented management s estimate and involved inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors changed and management used different assumptions, share-based compensation expense would have been materially different. 
 
 employer match, no waiting period and immediate vesting on the match. In the UK, the primary plan sponsored by the Company is a money purchase plan, which requires a minimum contribution, including a minimum employer contributio n of and employee contribution of in The Company recorded charges of million and million under these plans during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

Restricted stock units Stock options 
 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

3. 
 million related to the dispositions, including corresponding cumulative translation adjustment balances, was recognized in Other income (expenses), net in the accompanying Consolidated and Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Acquisition of Centessa Subsidiaries in 2021 
 In January 2021, the Company entered into a contribution or merger agreement with each Centessa Subsidiary whereby the Company acquired of the outstanding Centessa Subsidiaries shares in exchange for, in aggregate, ordinary shares of the Company. In addition, the Company issued certain contingent value rights to the selling shareholders of Palladio Biosciences, Inc. 
 As part of the acquisition, the Company issued replacement equity awards to select employees and consultants of certain Centessa Subsidiaries. The awards consisted of options and restricted shares with vesting provisions generally consistent with the original awards prior to the acquisition. The Company determined that a portion of the fair value of the replacement awards should be a component of consideration paid to acquire the Centessa Subsidiaries, with the remaining value of the award accounted for as post-combination share-based compensation expense. 
 The acquisition of each Centessa Subsidiary has been treated as a separate asset acquisition as the Company determined that none of the Centessa Subsidiaries meet the definition of a business due to substantially all of the fair value of each entity being concentrated in a single asset or group of assets which represent the IPR D or the entity did not have the requisite inputs and substantive processes to be considered a business. The Company s acquired IPR D expense of million, of which million was in connection with transaction costs recognized prior to January 30, 2021, and reflects the fair value of consideration ascribed to the product candidates in each subsidiary, as the Company determined the assets had no alternative future use. 
 Estimated fair value of replacement equity awards allocated to consideration paid Estimated fair value of contingent value rights Transaction costs Total consideration given 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 Tax incentive receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other assets In-process research and development assets Total assets acquired 
 Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Convertible notes Loan with related party Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 The Company s determinations of the fair value of the ordinary shares were performed using methodologies, approaches and assumptions in accordance with the guidance outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation , Practice Guide ). In accordance with the Practice Guide, the Company considered the following methods for allocating the enterprise value across its classes and series of capital shares to determine the fair value of its ordinary shares at each valuation date. 
 Option Pricing Method OPM ). The OPM estimates the value of the ordinary equity of the Company using the various inputs in the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The OPM treats the rights of the holders of ordinary shares as equivalent to that of call options on any value of the enterprise above certain break points of value based upon the liquidation preferences of the holders of the Company s convertible preferred shares, as well as their rights to participation, and the share prices of the outstanding options. Thus, the value of the ordinary shares can be determined by estimating the value of its portion of each of these call option rights. Under this method, the ordinary shares have value only if the funds available for distribution to shareholders exceed the value of the liquidation preference at the time of a liquidity event, such as a merger or sale. Given the ordinary shares represents a non-marketable equity interest in a private enterprise, an adjustment to the preliminary value estimates had to be made to account for the lack of liquidity that a shareholder experiences. This adjustment is commonly referred to as a discount for lack of marketability DLOM ). 
 Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method PWERM ). The PWERM is a scenario-based analysis that estimates the value per share based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns, considering each of the possible outcomes considered by the Company, as well as the economic and control rights of each share class. 
 Hybrid Method. The Hybrid Method is a hybrid between the PWERM and OPM, estimating the probability-weighted value across multiple scenarios, but using the OPM to estimate the allocation of value within one or more of those scenarios. Weighting allocations are assigned to the OPM and PWERM methods factoring possible future liquidity events. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of its ordinary shares based on the Hybrid Method. Subjective factors considered by the Company s board of directors and management included the pending addition of new executive members and the election of new independent directors to the Company s board of directors, as well as definitive plans to undertake an IPO. There are significant judgments and estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of ordinary shares. These judgments and estimates included assumptions regarding the Company s future operating performance, the time to 
 147 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 million was recognized at the time of the acquisitions. 
 In connection with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, the Company issued contingent value rights CVR ), to former shareholders and option holders of Palladio. The CVR represented the contractual rights to receive shares valued, in aggregate, at million upon the first patient dosed in a Phase 3 pivotal study of lixivaptan for the treatment of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease ADPKD in any of the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Japan (designated the ACTION Study). 
 The Company determined that the CVR should be accounted for as a liability in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Accordingly, the fair value of the contingent consideration was assessed quarterly until it was ultimately settled in the first quarter of 2022. The cumulative probability of dosing the first patient in th e ACTION Study was applied to the CVR payout to arrive at a fair value of million as of the acquisition date of the Centessa Subsidiaries. Thereafter, the Company recognized a fair value adjustment (a charge of million) in its consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss in 2021 and a remaining adjustment of fair value (a charge of million) in its consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss in its first quarter of 2022. 
 
 4. 
 
 Fair value measurement at reporting date using Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) December 31, 2021 (Successor) Liabilities Note Purchase Agreement Contingent Value Rights 
 The fair value of the Note Purchase Agreement represents the present value of estimated future payments, including interest, principal as well as estimated payments that are contingent upon the achievement of specified milestones. The fair value of the notes is based on the cumulative probability of the various estimated payments. The fair value measurement is based on significant Level 3 unobservable inputs such as the probability of achieving the milestones, anticipated timelines, probability and timing of an early redemption of all obligations under the agreement and discount rate. Any changes in the fair value of the liability are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss until it is settled. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and the period beginning on January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an unrealized gain of million and an unrealized 
 148 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 million, respectively, for the estimated change in fair value of the Note Purchase Agreement, which were recorded in Other Income (Expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The unrealized gain in 2022 was largely driven by a higher discount rate due to a higher risk free rate and an increase in credit spreads in 2022. 
 The acquisition-date fair value of the contingent valuation rights liability represented the estimated future payments that are contingent upon the achievement of a specified development for Palladio s product candidate. The fair value of the contingent value rights was based on the cumulative probability of achieving the specified milestone, which wa s expected by the first quarter of 2022. The fair value measurement at December 31, 2021 was based on significant Level 3 unobservable inputs such as the probability of achieving the milestone, anticipated timelines, and discount rate. Changes in the fair value of the liability were recognized in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss until it was settled in the first quarter of 2022. 
 The Centessa Predecessor Group evaluated a redemption feature within the convertible term notes and determined bifurcation of the redemption feature was required. The redemption feature was classified as a liability on the combined balance sheets prior to settlement upon completion of the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries in January 2021. The derivative liability was considered a Level 3 liability because its fair value measurement was based, in part, on significant inputs not observed in the market. The fair value of the derivative was estimated primarily on the probability of the next fund raising occurring and the timing of such event. 
 Additions Change in fair value Settlements ) Balance at January 29, 2021 (Predecessor) 
 Balance at January 30, 2021 (Successor) 
 Additions Change in fair value Balance at December 31, 2021 (Successor) Change in fair value ) Settlements ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (Successor) 
 
 5. 
 Insurance related costs Value added tax receivable Other 
 149 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

Personnel related expenses Professional fees Income tax liability Other 
 Construction in progress Property and equipment, at cost Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Reclassifications to net loss ) Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments ) 
 
 6. 

Note Purchase Agreement 
 On October 1, 2021 (the Signing Date ), the Company, as issuer, and certain of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries, as guarantors (the Guarantors ), entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement with Oberland Capital Management LLC (the Purchasers and Cocoon SA LLC (the Agent ), an affiliate of Oberland Capital Management LLC, as agent for the Purchasers. 
 150 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 as follows: (a) a secured note in the aggregate principal amount of (the First Purchase Note ), which was funded on October 4, 2021, (b) on and after the Signing Date until September 30, 2023, at the Company s option, a secured note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Second Purchase Note ), (c) on and after the Signing Date until December 31, 2023, at the Company s option, a secured note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Third Purchase Note ), and (d) one or more secured notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to at any time at the Company s and Purchasers option, to be used to finance certain permitted acquisitions as described in the Note Purchase Agreement (the Fourth Purchase Notes and collectively with the First Purchase Note, the Second Purchase Note and the Third Purchase Note, the Notes ). The obligations of the Purchasers to purchase the Notes are subject to certain conditions precedent. 
 The Notes will mature on the anniversary of the First Purchase Date, unless earlier accelerated under the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement. At maturity, the Company must repay the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and other outstanding obligations thereunder. Interest is payable quarterly during the term of the Notes at a rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the greater of (i) LIBOR (which may be subject to replacement as contemplated by the Note Purchase Agreement) and (ii) and (b) (which percentage is subject to adjustment as described in the Note Purchase Agreement); provided that the interest rate shall never be less than . The average interest rate over the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was . 
 The Company s obligations under the facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all assets of the Company and Guarantors, subject to variation in accordance with local law with respect to assets held by the Company and the Guarantors outside of the United States. 
 Upon the first regulatory approval of any of the Company s product candidates by either the FDA or the European Medicines Agency EMA ), the Company is obligated to pay the Purchasers an amount equal to of the aggregate principal amount issued under the Notes by the Company (the Milestone Payment ). The Milestone Payment shall be paid in quarterly installments over beginning on the earlier of (i) the date of the first commercial sale following such regulatory approval; and (ii) the six-month anniversary of such regulatory approval. The Milestone Payment is triggered one time only, and applies only to the Company s first product to obtain regulatory approval. 
 The Company may redeem all, but not less than all, of the outstanding Notes (if any) and pay all other outstanding obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement. On the applicable date, the Company shall repurchase the Notes by paying an amount of up to (i) of the principal amount issued under the Notes if such repurchase occurs on or prior to the third anniversary of the First Purchase Date, (ii) of the principal amount issued under the Notes if such repurchase occurs between the third and sixth anniversaries of the First Purchase Date, and (iii) of the principal amount issued under the Notes if such repurchase occurs thereafter, in each case less specified deductions and exclusions described in the Note Purchase Agreement, including amounts paid by the Company to the Purchasers in respect of certain asset sale or strategic transactions, the interest payments and the Milestone Payments (the Final Payment Amount ). As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative payments under the Note Purchase Agreement, including interest payments, totaled million. 
 Conversely, the Purchasers may require the Company to redeem any outstanding Notes by payment of the Final Payment Amount upon a sale, divestment or transfer of all or substantially all assets of the Company in a transaction or series of transactions or a change of control of the Company, a material breach of the Note Purchase Agreement and related transaction documents, an event of default under the Note Purchase Agreement or the tenth anniversary of the First Purchase Date (or such earlier date as described in the Note Purchase Agreement). In addition, upon certain asset sales and similar strategic transactions by the Company with respect to its own or its subsidiaries assets or businesses as described in the Note Purchase Agreement (other than a change of control described above), the Purchasers may require the Company to pay an amount in cash equal to up to of the Net Proceeds (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement) received from such asset sales, subject to such reduced amounts as described in the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 The Note Purchase Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including with respect to notice obligations, limitations on new indebtedness, liens, investments and transactions with affiliates of the Company, restrictions on the payment of dividends, maintenance of collateral accounts, maintenance of insurance and addition of new subsidiaries as obligors. The Note Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties in favor of 
 151 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all issued Notes, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement, that have been issued on and from February 11, 2022. Also pursuant to the Amendment, the date for the Third Purchase Date, as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement, and the Commitment Termination Date were extended to December 31, 2023. The Amendment also provides that upon the sale of any of the Company s or any of its subsidiary s assets, if the Purchaser Agent elects to have the Company repurchase the notes, such repurchase amounts will be subject to a million deductible such that the Purchaser Agent will not collect any repurchase amounts until million has been received by the Company from such sale event. In addition, the reduced payment cap that is triggered by the Purchaser Agent opting into a repayment in the event of an asset sale, extends to the second loan tranche, if drawn. The effectiveness of the Amendment is subject to certain conditions precedent and conditions subsequent. 
 On November 7, 2022, the Company and certain of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries, as guarantors (the Guarantors ), entered into an Amendment No. 2 to Note Purchase Agreement (the Second Amendment with the Purchaser, and the Purchaser Agent to modify the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 million in such account. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Purchaser and the Purchaser Agent waived the requirements to take the actions in (i) and (ii) above, and, the Company agreed to increase the minimum cash balance required under the Note Purchase Agreement from to of the aggregate principal amount of all Notes. In addition, the Purchaser agent agreed that in the event the Company divests the business or assets of PearlRiver Bio GmbH, Pega-One SAS or Janpix Limited, any contingent amounts from such sales shall not be counted toward the million deductible unless and until such contingent amounts are received by the Company. The Company divested PearlRiver in December 2022 and Pega-One in January 2023. 
 
 7. 
 million, of which the Company expects to pay million within one year and the remaining million over one to four years. The amount and timing of these payments vary depending on the rate of progress of development. Future clinical trial expenses have not been included within the purchase commitments because they are contingent on enrollment in clinical trials and the activities required to be performed by the clinical sites. 
 On February 7, 2022, the Company entered into a office lease for its new corporate headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts, which required the issuance of a letter of credit of million. The fixed annual rent will be 
 152 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 million, commencing in the first quarter of 2023 and will escalate each subsequent year to approximately million in Year 10. The Company expects to have a right of use of the office space in early 2023. 
 Licensing and Collaborative Arrangements 
 The Company is party to licensing and collaboration arrangements to develop and commercialize intellectual property. In aggregate, the Company may be obligated to make up to million and million in related development and commercial milestone payments, respectively, predominately related to agreements with Orexia Therapeutics Limited and collaboration partners. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had licensing and collaborative arrangement milestone obligations recorded on its balance sheet. Included in research and development expense in the Company s consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021 were aggregate incurred expenses of million and million, respectively, primarily reflecting the amortization of upfront costs in 2022 and 2021 as well as a payment of a developmental milestone in 2021. The Company expects that payments related to its licensing and collaboration arrangements in the next twelve months would not be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Contingencies 
 From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. Legal charges incurred in connection with contingencies and litigation are expensed as incurred. 
 Litigation 
 On September 28, 2022 Original Complaint ), the Company and certain of its current and former officers were named as defendants in a proposed class-action lawsuit. The complaint generally alleges that the Company violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act by allegedly making materially false and/or misleading statements, as well as allegedly failing to disclose material adverse facts relating to the safety profile and future clinical and commercial prospects of each of its lixivaptan and ZF874 programs, which caused the Company s securities to trade at artificially inflated prices. On February 10, 2023, an amended complaint was filed Amended Complaint ). A number of the complaints set forth in the Original Complaint have been abandoned including with respect to intentional fraud theory and claims pursuant to Sections 10(b) or 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The only claims alleged in the Amended Complaint are violations of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act based on alleged misstatements in the S-1 filed by the Company in connection with its Initial Public Offering. The complaint also abandons any claims concerning ZF874 and focuses entirely on lixivaptan. The Company believes this lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the case vigorously. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainty and a court could ultimately rule against the Company. In addition, the defense of litigation and related matters are costly and may divert the attention of the Company s management and other resources that would otherwise be engaged in other activities. The Company has not recorded an estimate of the possible loss associated with this legal proceeding due to the uncertainties related to both the likelihood and the amount of any possible loss or range of loss. 
 
 8. 
 . Beginning on January 1, 2022 and each January 1 thereafter, the number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan shall be cumulatively increased by of the number of Shares issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding 
 153 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 . 
 Share-based Compensation Expense 
 General and administrative 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was per share for the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The Company s stock options vest based on the terms in each award agreement, generally over periods, and have a contractual term of . As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock option awards was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Based on the trading price of per ADS, which was the closing price as of December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of options as of December 31, 2022 was . 
 154 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value its stock option awards. The expected life of the stock options is estimated using the simplified method, as the Company has limited historical information from which to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior for its stock option grants. The simplified method is the midpoint between the vesting period and the contractual term of the option. For share price volatility, the Company uses comparable public companies as a basis for its expected volatility to calculate the fair value of option grants. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve commensurate with the expected life of the option. Forfeitures of stock options are recognized in the period the forfeiture occurs. 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) Restricted Share Awards and Units 
 In connection with the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, the Company issued ordinary shares subject to future vesting under its Restricted Stock Awards program. For the period subsequent to the acquisition through December 31, 2022, the Company issued an additional ordinary shares subject to future vesting to an employee. The fair value of the awards are based upon the estimated fair value of the Company s ordinary shares at the time of grant. During the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022, share awards vested. 
 On July 1, 2022, the board of directors of the Company (the Board approved the grant of restricted stock unit awards under the Company s Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan to certain executive officers and employees of the Company. The grant date fair market value of each award was . The bulk of the restricted stock unit awards vest in equal quarterly installments. The Board, following the recommendations of the Company s Compensation Committee, approved the restricted stock unit awards as a retention grant to incentivize and encourage retention of certain officers and employees. 
 Granted n/a Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 Unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2022 in thousands) Expected weighted average recognition period (in years) 
 155 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

. On January 1, 2022 and each January 1 thereafter, the number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the ESPP shall be cumulatively increased by a number of shares equal to the lesser of: (i) of the number of Shares issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31; (ii) times the initial number of shares reserved or (iii) such number of Shares as determined by the board of directors. Remaining shares reserved as of December 31, 2022 were . 
 
 9. 

Cost Reimbursements 
 During the period from January 30, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company (Successor) reimbursed an aggregate of million to several shareholders for costs paid on behalf of the Company (Successor) in connection with acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries and the sale of the Company (Successor) Series A preferred shares. 

10. 
 Capitalized research and development Research and development credits Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance ) 
 ) Included in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the respective periods. 
 The Company regularly assesses its ability to realize its deferred tax assets. Assessing the realization of deferred tax assets requires significant judgment. In determining whether its deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable, the Company evaluated all available positive and negative evidence, and weighed the evidence based on its objectivity. 
 156 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 million . For the period from January 30, 2021 to December 31, 2021, the valuation allowance increased by million. ) Non-UK ) ) Total ) ) 
 Deferred ) ) State Current Deferred ) ) Foreign Current Deferred Income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 157 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 Non-deductible write-off of in-process R D ) Other non-deductible expenses ) ) Enhanced research and development expenses Losses surrendered for tax incentive ) ) Non-taxable research and development incentive Research development tax credits Change in tax rate Effect of overseas tax rates Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 
 US France Germany 
 
 The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and no amounts have been recognized in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 
 UK income tax returns from 2021 remain open for examination and UK NOLs do not expire. In the US, income tax returns from 2019 and later remain open for examination and unutilized US NOLs and credit carryforwards are subject to examination until utilized. If not utilized prior to the specified dates, US federal NOLs totaling million and a US R D tax credit carryforward of million would expire starting in 2036 and million of US state NOLs would expire beginning in 2036. The NOL in France will not be utilized as Centessa s French subsidiary, Pega-One, was sold on January 9, 2023. 
 
 158 

Table of Contents 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (Successor) and Centessa Predecessor Group (Predecessor) 
 Notes to the Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 

 11. 
 million in the aggregate of the Company s ordinary shares, American Depository Shares representing ordinary shares, debt securities, warrants, and/or units or any combination thereof. On July 12, 2022, the Shelf became effective. The Company entered into a Sales Agreement, dated January 27, 2023, by and between Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and SVB Securities LLC SVB ). As sales agent, SVB will provide for the issuance and sale by the Company of up to million of its ordinary shares represented by American Depository Shares from time to time in at-the-market offerings under the Shelf, which we refer to as the ATM Program. 
 159 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Our management has concluded that the f inancial statements included in this report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with GAAP. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company in accordance with Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the (i) effectiveness and efficiency of operations, (ii) reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Our internal controls framework is based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework that was issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer, and principal accounting officer and principal financial officer, respectively), we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to an exemption for emerging growth companies. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the three m onths ended December 31, 2022 that has m aterially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 160 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 161 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Executive Officers and Directors 
 Our executive officers, directors and other key personnel and their respective ages and positions as of March 15, 2023 : 
 Name Age Position(s) Executive Officers Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. 46 Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. 52 Chief Financial Officer Antoine Yver, M.D., M.Sc. 65 Executive Vice President and Chairman of Development David Grainger 56 Chief Innovation Officer Tia Bush 52 Chief Quality Officer Thomas Templeman, Ph.D. ) 
 63 Chief Technology Officer David Chao, Ph.D. 55 Chief Administrative Officer Iqbal Hussain 42 General Counsel Karen Anderson 56 Chief People Officer Non-Employee Directors Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D. 53 Director and Chairman of the Board Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil, M.B.A. 40 Director Mathias Hukkelhoven, Ph.D. 69 Director Brett Zbar, M.D. 50 Director Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. 60 Director Samarth Kulkarni, Ph.D. 44 Director Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. 67 Director ) Dr Templeman announced his retirement on March 15, 2023 with his resignation effective March 31, 2023. 

The following is a biographical summary of the experience of our executive officers and directors. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. 
 Executive Officers 
 Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. , has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since January 2021. In April 2022, Dr. Saha was appointed to the board of directors of Scorpion Therapeutics, Inc. Prior to that, from 2017 to 2021, Dr. Saha served as a Senior Vice President of R D at Bristol Myers Squibb Company, where he led translational medicine across all therapeutic areas spanning early discovery, development and commercialization. Prior to that, from 2015 to 2017, Dr. Saha was a venture partner at Atlas Venture where he held leadership positions with a number of its portfolio biotech companies, including as Chief Medical Officer of Synlogic, Inc. and as Chief Executive Officer of Delinia until its sale to Celgene Corporation. Earlier in his career, Dr. Saha was a management consultant in the pharmaceutical practice at McKinsey Company and subsequently appointed director and head of the New Indications Discovery Unit at Novartis. Dr. Saha holds an M.D. and Ph.D. in cancer genetics from The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. He is an alumnus of Harvard Business School and Oxford University, studying general management and biochemistry, respectively. Dr. Saha received a B.Sc. in biology from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). We believe Dr. Saha is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his biotech, pharmaceutical, and venture capital leadership experiences. 
 Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. , has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Previously, Dr. Weinhoff served as co-Founder, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer of Arvelle Therapeutics, B.V. from February 
 162 

Table of Contents 

 2019 to February 2021. Dr. Weinhoff also served as Chief Financial Officer of Axovant Sciences, Inc. from August 2015 to June 2019. Dr. Weinhoff was employed by Collinson Howe Venture Partners, an investment advisory firm, from 2001 until August 2015 and during that time served as a Member of the General Partners of various CHL Medical Partners affiliated venture capital funds. From 2000 to 2001, he was a senior associate at J. H. Whitney Co., a private equity firm, where he concentrated on private equity investments in healthcare technology and services companies. Prior to his graduate training, Dr. Weinhoff was a financial analyst in the Healthcare Corporate Finance Group at Morgan Stanley Co., an investment bank. Dr. Weinhoff received his A.B. in economics from Harvard College, his M.D. from Harvard Medical School and his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. 
 Antoine Yver, M.D., M.Sc. , has served as our Executive Vice President and Chairman of Development since March 2022, and previously as our Chief Medical Officer since May 2021. In February 2022, Dr. Yver was nominated to the board of directors of Sanofi (EURONEXT: SAN and Nasdaq: SNY). Previously, from April 2016 to April 2021, Dr. Yver served as Executive Vice President Global Head, R D Oncology and Chair of the Cancer Enterprise at Daiichi Sankyo Ltd. From 2009 to 2016, Dr. Yver held various positions of increasing responsibility at AstraZeneca PLC including Vice President, Clinical Development, Oncology and Infection, Senior Vice President, Global Medicine Head, Oncology and Global Medicines Development China lead. Earlier, Dr. Yver held various clinical development roles at Schering-Plough Corporation (now Merck Co.), Johnson Johnson, Aventis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Rh ne-Poulenc Rorer, Inc, Applied Immune Sciences, Inc, and Chugai-RP. Dr. Yver has played a pivotal role in the development and approvals of 11 different drugs, including Tagrisso , Lynparza , and Enhertu . He led the development of Tagrisso in 2 years 7 months from first human dose to U.S. approval and its rapid deployment to all other major regions, which was the fastest ever for an anti-cancer drug. Dr. Yver is a pediatric oncologist and holds an M.D. from Universit Paris-Saclay and an M.Sc. in Immunology from the Universit Paris VI. 
 David Grainger, Ph.D. has served as our Chief Innovation Officer since October 2021. From February 2015 to September 2021, Dr. Grainger served as General Partner and Chief Scientific Advisor at Medicxi. Since April 2012, Dr. Grainger has served as Chairman of RxCelerate Ltd., and since April 2015, Dr. Grainger has served as Founder and Director of The Foundry (Cambridge) Ltd., trading as The Foundation Institute of 21st Century Medicine (C21Med). Dr. Grainger also serves as a director and consultant advisor to multiple U.S. and U.K. based biotech companies in the Medicxi portfolio. Dr Grainger earned a B.A./M.A. with First Class Honours in Natural Sciences, and a PhD in Biochemistry from the University of Cambridge in 1992. 
 Tia Bush has served as our Chief Quality Officer since May 2021. From January 1993 to May 2021, Ms. Bush has served in various roles of increasing responsibility at Amgen, Inc., most recently as Chief Quality Officer and Senior Vice President, Global Quality/EHSS. In this role, she lead Amgen s Global GxP Quality and Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability organization with responsibility for developing, maintaining, and continuously improving the quality management and EHSS management system at Amgen. Other roles included Vice President, Amgen Rhode Island Manufacturing Site Operations, Quality Site Head and Vice President, Operations Quality at Juncos, Puerto Rico and Drug Product Quality Executive Director. Ms. Bush earned a B.A. in Biological Sciences and Minor, Chemistry from the University of Southern California in 1992. 
 Thomas Templeman, Ph.D. , has served as our Chief Technology Officer since May 2021. Dr. Templeman announced his retirement on March 15, 2023 with his resignation effective March 31, 2023. Dr. Templeman has more than 25 years of experience in diagnostic and pharmaceutical manufacturing, biopharmaceutical process development, and implementation of quality systems. Prior to joining Centessa, Dr. Templeman served as SVP Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality and as a member of the Executive Committee of Nuvation Bio from February 2019 to May 2021 where he was responsible for early and late-stage pharmaceutical development, operations and quality for early and clinical developmental candidates and marketed products. From February 2018 to February 2019, Dr. Templeman was an independent consultant. From June 2017 to February 2018, Dr. Templeman served as Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality Assurance, at Axovant Sciences. Dr. Templeman has also previously held a number of senior roles, including as Chief Operating Officer at Graybug Vision, Inc. between January 2017 to June 2017, as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality at Medivation, Inc. from September 2015 to December 2016, Vice President of Manufacturing Science and Technology at Hospira, Inc., and Senior Vice President, Integrated Supply Chain at Liquidia Technologies, Inc. Dr. Templeman also held various roles of increasing responsibility within the Centocor Biologics and Ortho Clinical Diagnostics businesses of Johnson Johnson. Dr. Templeman earned a B.S. in biology from the University of Santa Clara, a Ph.D. in biological sciences from Dartmouth College, and was an NIH Post-doctoral Fellow at Harvard University. 
 David Chao, Ph.D., has served as our Chief Administrative Officer since April 2021. Previously, Dr. Chao served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Stowers Institute for Medical Research from 2010 to 2020 and the Chief Executive Officer 
 163 

Table of Contents 

 of BioMed Valley Discoveries, Inc. from 2007 to 2009 and 2014 to 2021. From 2004 to 2007, he worked at the Novartis Institutes of BioMedical Research, with the last position of Head, Strategic Alliances Global Operations. From 2012 to 2020, Dr. Chao was a member of the Board of Directors of the American Century Companies. Dr. Chao was previously a consultant with McKinsey Company and a founder of Akceli Inc., ANDE Corporation and Nectagen Inc. He received his A.B./A.M. in Biology from Harvard University and his Ph.D. in Biology from MIT. 
 Iqbal Hussain , has served as our General Counsel since February 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Hussain served as a Partner in the Global Corporate Group at Reed Smith LLP from September 2019 to January 2021, where he led Reed Smith s Life Sciences corporate practice across EMEA. Before joining Reed Smith, Mr. Hussain held roles at Johnson Johnson, from February 2014 to August 2019, where he served initially as Senior Counsel and subsequently as Legal Director of Mergers Acquisitions. Mr. Hussain began his career at Slaughter and May where he advised clients on public and private M A, from August 2005 until January 2012. Between January 2012 and February 2014, Mr. Hussain was a Senior Associate in the Corporate M A team at Ropes Gray LLP. Mr. Hussain received an LLB from the University of Sheffield in 2004 and completed his post graduate legal education at the Oxford Institute of Legal Practice in 2005. 
 Karen Anderson , has served as our Chief People Officer since November 2022. Karen has extensive experience in the biotech and pharmaceutical industry having been the Chief Human Resources Officer for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals from 2014 to 2019 where she was instrumental in supporting the build out of late stage development, commercial readiness and a dedicated manufacturing facility . Prior to Alnylam, Karen was a Vice President of HR for Biogen, supporting R D and spent almost 10 years with Pfizer supporting both R D and the Global Commercial businesses. Earlier in her career she specialized in Compensation and Mergers Acquisitions through her roles at Bayer and Baxter. Immediately prior to joining Centessa Karen was the Chief Human Resources Officer for Mimecast, a technology-based company dedicated to cybersecurity. Karen holds a BA in Psychology /Labor Relations and a Masters in Organization Development. 
 Non-Employee Directors 
 Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D. , joined our board of directors in November 2020. Dr. De Rubertis is a co-founder and Partner at Medicxi since 2016. Prior to Medicxi, Dr. De Rubertis was a Partner at Index Ventures for 19 years, having joined the firm in 1998 to launch its life sciences practice. Dr. De Rubertis serves on the boards of a number of private biotechnology companies, including Rivus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Levicept Ltd. Dr. De Rubertis s prior investments include CellZome, GenMab (Copenhagen: GEN.CO), GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT), Micromet, Molecular Partners (Swiss: MOLN.SW), PanGenetics, Parallele Biosciences, Profibrix and Versartis (NASDAQ:VSAR). Dr. De Rubertis received a B.A. in Genetics and Microbiology from the University of Pavia (Italy) and a PhD in Molecular Biology from the University of Geneva (Switzerland) after which he became a postdoctoral scientist at the Whitehead Institute at M.I.T. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and served on the main board of the University of Geneva (Switzerland). We believe Dr. De Rubertis is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his experience as a seasoned investor in the industry in which we operate. 
 Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil, M.B.A. , joined our board of directors in January 2021. Dr. Goyal is a Co-Founder and Managing Director of Vida Ventures, a life sciences investment firm that he co-founded in 2017. Dr. Goyal serves as a director on the boards of Scorpion Therapeutics, Quanta Therapeutics, Inc., Affini-T Therapeutics, Inc., and Alterome Therapeutics, Inc. and has played key roles in Vida Venture s investments in Homology Medicines (NASDAQ:FIXX), Pionyr Immunotherapeutics (acquired by Gilead Sciences, Inc.), Peloton Therapeutics (acquired by Merck Co.) and Asklepios Bio (acquired by Bayer AG). Before Vida Ventures, Arjun was an associate and a senior associate at 5AM Ventures from 2014 to 2017. Dr. Goyal received his B.S. in Medical Science, Diploma in French and his M.D. degree from the Universities of Melbourne and Oxford. He completed his postgraduate clinical training in Internal Medicine in Sydney. He received his M.Phil. in Bioscience Enterprise from University of Cambridge and his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe Dr. Goyal is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his experience as a seasoned investor in the industry in which we operate. 
 Mathias Hukkelhoven, Ph.D ., joined our board of directors in July 2022. Dr. Hukkelhoven is an experienced global regulatory and drug development leader. Dr. Hukkelhoven has a wealth of experience in global regulatory affairs and drug development, evidenced by his contribution to more than 50 NCEs and hundreds of new indications and line extensions over his career to date. Dr. Hukkelhoven has participated in activities that have shaped health authority interactions for the industry, including serving as chairperson of the Regulatory Affairs Coordinating Committee at PhRMA, and recently as a PhRMA negotiator for the PDUFA VII negotiations with the FDA. Since his retirement from Bristol Myers Squibb in July 2021, Math has been a consultant for several biotech companies, R D Strategy Advisor for LianBio and Senior Advisor for McKinsey. Math joined Bristol Myers Squibb in March 2010 as the Senior Vice President, Global Regulatory, Safety Biometrics and was also responsible for the R D group in BMS China and the Clinical Pharmacology and 
 164 

Table of Contents 

 Pharmacometrics group. As such, he had responsibility for a large part of the global Bristol Myers Squibb development organization. Since the acquisition of Celgene by Bristol Myers Squibb, he was responsible for Global Regulatory and Safety Sciences at Bristol Myers Squibb. He was accountable for setting regulatory strategy and driving execution of global regulatory and pharmacovigilance plans for Bristol Myers Squibb. He led the regulatory and development efforts across the product development and commercialization process to ensure optimal regulatory strategy and interactions at each step of the process - research and development, manufacturing, and commercialization. Prior to joining Bristol Myers Squibb, Math held the role of Chairman Portfolio Stewardship Board at Novartis Pharmaceuticals. From 2001 to 2009, he was the Senior Vice President, Global Head Drug Regulatory Affairs at Novartis. Math received his B.S. and Ph.D. honors degrees in Biology and Biochemistry from the University of Nijmegen, the Netherlands. 
 Brett Zbar, M.D. , joined our board of directors in January 2021. Dr. Zbar currently serves as Managing Director and Global Head of Life Sciences at General Atlantic, a global growth equity firm. Before joining General Atlantic in 2020, from 2015 to 2020, Dr. Zbar was a Managing Director at Foresite Capital, where he focused on backing healthcare entrepreneurs and companies at all stages. While at Foresite, Dr. Zbar served as a board member or observer at multiple companies including ConnectiveRx, Kinnate Biopharma Inc., ORIC Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Peloton Therapeutics, Inc., Pharvaris GmbH, Replimune, Signant Health, Turning Point Therapeutics, Inc., and VenatoRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. Prior to that, Dr. Zbar was a Partner at Aisling Capital, where from 2004 to 2014 he invested in life sciences companies developing and commercializing innovative products, services and technologies. Dr. Zbar began his career in McKinsey Company s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Products practice and completed his internship in internal medicine on the Osler Medical Service at Johns Hopkins Hospital. Dr. Zbar received his M.D. from Harvard Medical School and holds a B.A. in English and Molecular Biophysics Biochemistry from Yale University. We believe Dr. Zbar is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his experience as a seasoned investor in the industry in which we operate. 
 Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. , joined our board of directors in February 2021. Dr. Hedley also serves as a Senior Fellow and strategic advisor to the Broad Institute. Dr. Hedley previously served as Director, President and Chief Operating Officer of TESARO, a biotechnology company she also co-founded, from 2010 until 2020. Prior to its acquisition by Glaxo Smith Kline (GSK), TESARO had secured 2 billion of funding from venture and public investors, grew to approximately 900 employees in the US and Europe and had received multiple drug approvals from FDA and European regulatory authorities. TESARO was recognized as a Fierce 15 Company, had a pipeline of medicine candidates in early and late stage development and with the commercial launch of the medicines Zejula, changed the treatment paradigm for women diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Prior to founding TESARO, Mary Lynne was Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer of Abraxis Bioscience, responsible for R D, Operations, Medical Affairs and Business Development. Prior to joining Abraxis, she served as Executive Vice President of the Japanese Pharmaceutical company Eisai Inc, a role she assumed following the acquisition in January 2008, of MGI PHARMA by Eisai for 3.9 Billion. Dr. Hedley received a B.S. in Microbiology from Purdue University in 1983 and a Ph.D. in Immunology from UT Southwestern, Dallas in 1988. We believe Dr. Hedley is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her executive and industry experience. 
 Samarth Kulkarni, Ph.D. , joined our board of directors in February 2021. Dr. Kulkarni has served as Chief Executive Officer of CRISPR Therapeutics AG (NASDAQ: CRSP) since December 1, 2017 and as a member of its Board of Directors since June 2018. Previous to that, Dr. Kulkarni served as President and Chief Business Officer of CRISPR Therapeutics AG from May 2017 to November 30, 2017 and, before that, as its Chief Business Officer from August 2015. Prior to joining CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Dr. Kulkarni was at McKinsey Company from 2006 to July 2015, with various titles, his most recent being Partner within the Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology practice. Dr. Kulkarni has also served as a member of the board of directors of Black Diamond Therapeutics, Inc., an oncology company, since December 2019. Dr. Kulkarni received a Ph.D. in Bioengineering and Nanotechnology from the University of Washington and a B. Tech. from the Indian Institute of Technology. Dr. Kulkarni has authored several publications in leading scientific and business journals. We believe Dr. Kulkarni s experience in the pharmaceutical industry qualifies him to serve on our Board of Directors. 
 Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. joined our board of directors in May 2021. Ms. Stuckley has served on the board of Epizyme, Inc., a US biopharmaceutical company traded on NASDAQ since November 2021. From June 2017 until August 2021, Ms. Stuckley served on the board of directors of Ipsen S.A., a French pharmaceutical company traded on the Euronext (Paris) exchange. From June 2015 to July 2019, Ms. Stuckley served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at Healthcare Payment Specialists, LLC acquired by TransUnion in 2018. Ms. Stuckley s previously roles include Vice President, Finance North America of Galderama Laboratories, L.P., and during her close to 23-year career at Pfizer, Inc., Vice President, Assistant Treasurer and Corporate Officer. Ms. Stuckley earned a M.A. in economics in 1980 and a M.B.A in International Business and Finance in 1979 from the Fox Business School at Temple University. Ms. Stuckley also earned a B.A. in economics and French from the University of Delaware in 1977. We believe Ms. Stuckley s executive 
 165 

Table of Contents 

 leadership experience and board member experience in an international pharmaceutical company, as well as her financial and accounting expertise and knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry and other industries, provide her with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our company. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A current copy of the code is posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website, which is located at https://investors.centessa.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters . If we make any substantive amendments to, or grant any waivers from, the code of business conduct and ethics for any officer, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 
 No Change in Nominating Procedure 
 There were no changes made during 2022 to the procedure by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board. 
 Audit Committee 
 Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil., M.B.A., Carol Stuckley, M.B.A., and Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. serve on the audit committee, which is chaired by Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the audit committee is independent for audit committee purposes as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC and the applicable rules of Nasdaq. Our board of directors has designated Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the applicable rules of the SEC. The audit committee s responsibilities include: 
 
 recommending for appointment, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; 
 approving auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 
 reviewing the external audit plan with the independent registered public accounting firm and members of management responsible for preparing our financial statements and the internal audit plan, if applicable; 
 reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and practices used by us; 
 reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting; 
 establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns; 
 recommending, based upon the audit committee s review and discussions with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, whether our audited financial statements shall be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; 
 monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to our financial statements and accounting matters; 
 preparing the audit committee report required by the SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement; 
 reviewing all related party transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions; and 
 reviewing earnings releases. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The following table shows the total compensation paid or accrued during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to our Chief Executive Officer and our two next most highly compensated executive officers, each of whom earned more than 100,000 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and 
 166 

Table of Contents 

 was serving as an executive officer as of December 31, 2022. Our named executive officers, or the NEOs for 2022 who appear in the Summary Compensation Table are: 
 Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D., our Chief Executive Officer; 
 Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A., our Chief Financial Officer; and 
 David Chao, Ph.D., our Chief Administrative Officer. 
 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) 
 (4) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 (5) 
 Option Awards ) 
 (6) 
 Non-Equity Plan Compensation ) All Other Compensation ) 
 (7) 
 Total ) Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. (1) 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 621,000 324,472 3,877,500 4,777,058 12,200 9,612,230 2021 572,581 414,630 15,081,376 16,068,587 Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A (2) 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 465,800 177,004 1,189,100 1,464,965 12,200 3,309,069 2021 375,000 150,904 3,506,104 11,600 4,043,608 David Chao, Ph.D. (3) 
 Chief Administrative Officer 
 2022 465,800 177,004 1,189,100 1,464,965 12,200 3,309,069 2021 303,864 121,512 3,536,691 3,962,067 
 (1) Dr. Saha commenced employment with us on January 18, 2021. His annual base salary for 2022 was 621,000. 
 (2) Dr. Weinhoff commenced employment with us on March 1, 2021. His annual base salary for 2022 was 465,800. 
 (3) Dr. Chao commenced employment with us on April 14, 2021. His annual base salary for 2022 was 465,800. 
 (4) The amounts reported represent discretionary bonuses earned by our named executive officers during the applicable fiscal year based upon their achievement of goals as determined by the Compensation Committee. Dr. Saha s bonus in 2021 also includes a one-time signing bonus of 100,000 paid pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement. 
 (5) The amount reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock units granted to our named executive officers during the applicable fiscal year, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 718. Such grant date fair value does not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the restricted stock unit reported in this column are set forth in note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-K. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our named executive officer upon the vesting of the units or any sale of the underlying shares of common stock. 
 (6) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options granted to our named executive officers during the applicable fiscal year, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the stock options reported in this column are set forth in note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-K. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our named executive officers upon the exercise of the awards or any sale of the underlying shares of common stock. 
 (7) The amounts reported represents the Company s portion of the executive s 401(k) plan account contributions. 
 Narrative to 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 Base Salaries 
 The annual base salaries for Dr. Saha, Dr. Weinhoff and Dr. Chao for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 621,000, 465,800 and 465,800, respectively. Additionally, our Compensation Committee reviews the base salaries of our executive officers, including our named executive officers, from time to time and makes adjustments (or, in the case of our Chief Executive Officer, may recommend adjustments for approval by the Board of Directors) as it determines to be 
 167 

Table of Contents 

 reasonable and necessary to reflect the scope of the executive officer s performance, contributions, responsibilities, experience, prior salary level, position (in the case of a promotion) and market conditions, including base salary amounts relative to similarly situated executive officers at peer group companies. 
 Bonuses 
 We have granted cash bonuses to our key executives, including the named executive officers, pursuant to the Company s Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (the Incentive Plan ). The Incentive Plan provides for bonus payments based upon the attainment of performance objectives established by the Compensation Committee and related to individual and financial and operational metrics with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In 2022, our board of directors considered certain goals in determining annual bonuses, including: advancement of individual program development goals, establishment of high performance teams, infrastructure and corporate governance framework and achievement of financial budget goals. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the target annual bonuses for Dr. Saha, Dr. Weinhoff and Dr. Chao were 55 , 40 and 40 , respectively, of the applicable named executive officer s annual base salary. 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee, at their discretion, determined that bonuses would be paid at 95 of target based on NEOs performance and achievement of objectives. 
 Equity Compensation 
 We have generally granted stock options to our employees, including our named executive officers, in connection with their initial employment with us. Prior to our initial public offering in June 2021, we also granted certain employees shares of restricted stock. In 2022, we issued restricted stock unit awards as a retention grant to incentivize and encourage retention of certain officers and employees. Since June 2021, our equity award grant policy also contemplates the grant of stock options to existing employees, including our named executive officers, in connection with annual performance grants. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we granted restricted stock units and stock option awards to Drs. Saha, Weinhoff and Chao, as described in more detail in the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2022 Year-End table. 
 Perquisites or Personal Benefits 
 Perquisites or other personal benefits are not a significant component of our executive compensation program. Accordingly, we do not provide significant perquisites or other personal benefits to our executive officers, including our named executive officers. 
 401(k) Plan 
 We maintain a tax-qualified retirement plan (the 401(k) Plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis. Plan participants are able to defer eligible compensation subject to applicable annual Internal Revenue Code limits. We provide matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan up to the IRS limits. In 2022, we provided a matching contribution of 4 of compensation to plan participants. The 401(k) Plan is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code with the 401(k) Plan s related trust intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. As a tax-qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) Plan and earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed from the 401(k) Plan. 
 Executive Employment Arrangements 
 We have entered into an offer letter with each of the named executive officers in connection with the commencement of their employment with us, which set forth the terms and conditions of their employment. Each named executive officer has also entered into our standard proprietary information and inventions agreement. 
 Dr. Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D . On November 19, 2020 (as amended on December 2, 2020), we entered into an offer letter with Dr. Saha, or the Saha Offer Letter, our Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which Dr. Saha was entitled to a base salary of 600,000 and eligible to earn a target annual bonus of forty-five percent (45 of his base salary (prorated for 2021 only). Following a review by the Compensation Committee ahead of the Company s IPO, and in accordance with the recommendations made by compensation advisors appointed by the Compensation Committee, the Compensation Committee retroactively increased Dr. Saha s target 2021 annual bonus to fifty-five percent (55 of his base salary. The Saha Offer Letter also provided Dr. Saha with a one-time sign-on bonus of 100,000. He is also eligible to participate in 
 168 

Table of Contents 

 the employee benefit plans available to our full-time U.S. employees, subject to the terms of those plans. In the event of a change in control (as such term is defined in the Saha Offer Letter) and provided Dr. Saha has remained in continued service through the date of such change in control, one hundred percent (100 of the unvested portion of all of his time-based vesting equity grants will immediately vest. 
 Pursuant to the Saha Offer Letter, in the event Dr. Saha s employment was terminated by us without cause or Dr. Saha resigned for good reason, each a Qualifying Termination, subject to the execution and effectiveness of a general release of claims, he would be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, (ii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the first anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment, and (iii) if such Qualifying Termination occurs within the fifteen-month period following his start date, or the Initial Service Period, the unvested portion of the Saha Equity as of the date of such Qualifying Termination Award that would have vested had he been in continuous service through the last day of the Initial Service Period would immediately vest. 
 On March 29, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Saha (the Saha Employment Agreement to amend and restate the Saha Offer Letter, effective March 30, 2022, pursuant to which Dr. Saha is entitled to a base salary of 600,000 and eligible to earn a target annual bonus of forty-five percent (45 of his base salary. Commencing in calendar year 2022, we increased Dr. Saha s base salary to 621,000 and annual target bonus to fifty-five percent (55 of his base salary. The Saha Employment Agreement provides that if we terminate Dr. Saha s employment outside of the one year period following a sale event (as defined in the Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, or the 2021 Plan) without cause, or Dr. Saha resigns for good reason, Dr. Saha will receive the following: (i) 12 months salary continuation; and (ii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the first anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. The Saha Employment Agreement further provides that if Dr. Saha s employment is terminated by us other than for cause, or by Dr. Saha for good reason within the one year period following a sale event, Dr. Saha will receive the following: (i) a lump sum payment equal to the sum of (A) 18 months of his then-current base salary and (B) 150 of his target bonus for the year of termination; (ii) 100 acceleration of equity awards granted on or after February 1, 2022 that are subject solely to time-based vesting (awards granted prior to February 1, 2022 will continue in accordance with their terms and any such awards subject to time-based vesting conditions shall fully accelerate upon a sale of the Company); and (iii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the 18-month anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. In addition, the Saha Employment Agreement provides that if any payments or benefits received by Dr. Saha or otherwise would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and be subject to excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, such amount will either be delivered in full or reduced so as not to be subject to excise taxation, whichever amount is higher. 
 Dr. Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. On February 27, 2021, we entered into an offer letter with Dr. Weinhoff, or the Weinhoff Offer Letter, our Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to which Dr. Weinhoff was entitled to a base salary of 450,000 and eligible to earn a target annual bonus of forty percent (40 of his base salary (prorated for 2021 only). He is also eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans available to our full-time U.S. employees, subject to the terms of those plans. In the event of a change in control (as such term is defined in the Weinhoff Offer Letter) and provided Dr. Weinhoff had remained in continued service through the date of such change in control, one hundred percent (100 of the unvested portion of all of his equity grants would immediately vest. 
 Pursuant to the Weinhoff Offer Letter, in the event Dr. Weinhoff s employment was terminated by us without cause or Dr. Weinhoff resigned for good reason, each a Qualifying Termination, subject to the execution and effectiveness of a general release of claims, he would be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, and (ii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the first anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. 
 On March 29, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Weinhoff (the Weinhoff Employment Agreement to amend and restate the Weinhoff Offer Letter, effective March 30, 2022, pursuant to which Dr. Weinhoff is entitled to a base salary of 465,750 and eligible to earn a target annual bonus of forty percent (40 of his base salary. The Weinhoff Employment Agreement provides that if we terminate Dr. Weinhoff s employment outside of the one year 
 169 

Table of Contents 

 period following a sale event without cause, or Dr. Weinhoff resigns for good reason, Dr. Weinhoff will receive the following: (i) 12 months salary continuation; and (ii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the first anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. The Weinhoff Employment Agreement further provides that if Dr. Weinhoff s employment is terminated by us without cause or by Dr. Weinhoff for good reason within the one year period following a sale event, Dr. Weinhoff will receive the following: (i) a lump sum payment equal to the sum of (A) 12 months of his then-current base salary and (B) 100 of his target bonus for the year of termination; (ii) 100 acceleration of equity awards granted on or after February 1, 2022 that are subject solely to time-based vesting (awards granted prior to February 1, 2022 will continue in accordance with their terms and any such awards subject to time-based vesting conditions shall fully accelerate upon a sale of the Company); and (iii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the 12-month anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. In addition, the Weinhoff Employment Agreement provides that if any payments or benefits received by Dr. Weinhoff or otherwise would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and be subject to excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, such amount will either be delivered in full or reduced so as not to be subject to excise taxation, whichever amount is higher. 
 Dr. David Chao, Ph.D. On April 14, 2021, we entered into an offer letter with Dr. Chao, or the Chao Offer Letter, our Chief Administrative Officer, pursuant to which Dr. Chao was entitled to a base salary of 420,000 and eligible to earn a target annual bonus of forty percent (40 of his base salary. He was also eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans available to our full-time U.S. employees, subject to the terms of those plans. In the event of a change in control (as such term is defined in the Chao Offer Letter) and provided Dr. Chao has remained in continued service through the date of such change in control, one hundred percent (100 of the unvested portion of all of his equity grants would immediately vest. In addition, subject to Dr. Chao remaining an employee of the Company for a minimum period of five (5) years from his start date, upon his retirement after such period, he would be entitled to retain any and all options granted to him and such options would continue to vest over the remaining vesting period; provided Dr. Chao (i) continues to be an advisor to the Company, the CEO and to the board of directors during such period, (ii) complies with the terms of his restrictive covenants, and (ii) does not undertake any engagement with any entity that is a competitor to the business of the Company and its affiliates until the end of such vesting period (the Vesting of Equity Post-Retirement Provision ). 
 Pursuant to the Chao Offer Letter, in the event Dr. Chao s employment is terminated by us without cause or Dr. Chao resigns for good reason, each a Qualifying Termination, subject to the execution and effectiveness of a general release of claims, he will be entitled to receive (i) 12 months of base salary, and (ii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the first anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. On March 30, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Chao (the Chao Employment Agreement to amend and restate the Chao Offer Letter, effective March 30, 2022, pursuant to which Dr. Chao is entitled to a base salary of 465,750 and eligible to earn a target annual bonus of forty percent (40 of his base salary. The Chao Employment Agreement provides that if we terminate Dr. Chao s employment outside of the one year period following a sale event without cause, or if Dr. Chao resigns for good reason, Dr. Chao will receive the following: (i) 12 months salary continuation; and (ii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the first anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. The Chao Employment Agreement provides that if Dr. Chao s employment is terminated by us without cause, or by Dr. Chao for good reason within the one year period following a sale event, Dr. Chao will receive the following: (i) a lump sum payment equal to the sum of (A) 12 months of his base salary and (B) 100 of his target bonus; (ii) 100 acceleration of equity awards granted on or after February 1, 2022 that are subject solely to time-based vesting (awards granted prior to February 1, 2022 will continue in accordance with their terms); and (iii) payment of the employer portion of COBRA premiums until the earliest of (A) the 12-month anniversary of his date of termination, (B) the expiration of his eligibility for the continuation coverage under COBRA or (C) the date when he becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment. The Chao Employment Agreement also contains the same Vesting of Equity Post-Retirement Provision as his prior offer letter. In addition, the Chao Employment Agreement provides that if any payments or benefits received by Dr. Chao or otherwise would constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and be subject to excise taxes imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, such amount will either be delivered in full or reduced so as not to be subject to excise taxation, whichever amount is higher. 
 170 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Severance Plan 
 In June 2021, our board of directors adopted an Executive Severance Plan, or the Severance Plan, in which our named executive officers, and certain other executives, participated. The severance terms outlined in the employment agreements entered into with Dr. Saha, Dr. Weinhoff and Dr. Chao in March 2022 supersede the terms outlined in the Severance Plan for these named executive officers as of the effective date of such employment agreements (as further described above). 
 The Severance Plan provides that upon a termination by us for any reason other than for cause, as defined in the Severance Plan, death or disability, as defined in the Severance Plan, or resignation for good reason , as defined in the Severance Plan, in each case outside of the change in control period (i.e., the period of one year after a change in control, as defined in the Severance Plan), an eligible participant will be entitled to receive, subject to the execution and delivery of an effective release of claims in favor of the Company and continued compliance with all applicable restrictive covenants, (i) 12 months of base salary (i.e., the higher of the annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the date of termination or the annual base salary in effect for the year immediately prior to the year in which the date of termination occurs) for our Chief Executive Officer, 9 months for Tier 2 officers (which is determined by the plan administrator and includes the named executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer) and 6 months for Tier 3 officers (which is determined by the plan administrator) and (ii) an amount equal to the monthly employer contribution, based on the premiums as of the date of termination, that we would have made to provide health insurance for the named executive officer if he had remained employed by us for up to 12 months for our Chief Executive Officer, 9 months for Tier 2 officers and 6 months for Tier 3 officers. The payments under (i) and (ii) will be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with our payroll practice over 12 months for our Chief Executive Officer, 9 months for Tier 2 officers and 6 months for Tier 3 officers. 
 The Severance Plan also provides that upon a (A) termination by us other than for cause, death or disability or (B) resignation for good reason, in each case within the change in control period, an eligible participant will be entitled to receive, in lieu of the payments and benefits above and subject to the execution and delivery of an effective release of claims in favor of the Company and continued compliance with all applicable restrictive covenants, (I) a lump sum amount equal to 150 of the base salary and 150 of the target annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the date of termination (or immediately prior to the change in control, if higher) for our Chief Executive Officer, 100 of the base salary and 100 of the target annual bonus in effect immediately prior to the date of termination (or immediately prior to the change in control, if higher) for our Tier 2 officers and 75 of the base salary for our Tier 3 officers, (II) a lump sum amount equal to the eligible participant s annual target bonus in effect immediately prior to such termination, pro-rated for the number of days of service provided by the participant during the year of the termination, (III) a lump sum amount equal to the monthly employer contribution, based on the premiums as of the date of termination, that we would have made to provide health insurance for the participant if the applicable named executive officer had remained employed by us for 18 months for our Chief Executive Officer, 12 months for our Tier 2 officers and 9 months for our Tier 3 officers, and (IV) for all outstanding and unvested equity awards of the Company that are subject to time-based vesting held by the participant, full accelerated vesting of such awards; provided, that the performance conditions applicable to any outstanding and unvested equity awards subject to performance-based vesting will be deemed satisfied at the target level specified in the terms of the applicable award agreement. 
 The payments and benefits provided under the Severance Plan in connection with a change in control may not be eligible for a federal income tax deduction by us pursuant to Section 280G of the Code. These payments and benefits may also subject an eligible participant, including the named executive officers, to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. If the payments or benefits payable in connection with a change in control would be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code, then those payments or benefits will be reduced if such reduction would result in a higher net after-tax benefit to the participant. 
 Compensation Risk Assessment 
 We believe that although a portion of the compensation provided to our executive officers and other employees is performance-based, our executive compensation program does not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk taking. This is primarily due to the fact that our compensation programs are designed to encourage our executive officers and other employees to remain focused on both short-term and long-term strategic goals, in particular in connection with our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. As a result, we do not believe that our compensation programs are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 171 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to outstanding equity awards of our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. The market value of the shares in the following table is the fair value of such shares at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Option Awards (1) Stock Awards (1) Name Vesting Commencement Date Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (2) Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 1/18/2021 1,997,879 2,171,606 (3) 5.84 02/19/2031 2/1/2022 156,250 593,750 (4) 9.53 02/01/2032 7/1/2022 600,000 (5) 1,860,000 Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 3/1/2021 419,555 539,426 (3) 5.84 03/04/2031 2/1/2022 47,917 182,083 (4) 9.53 02/01/2032 7/1/2022 184,000 (5) 570,400 David Chao, Ph.D. Chief Administrative Officer 4/20/2021 243,220 340,508 (3) 9.42 04/20/2031 2/1/2022 47,917 182,083 (4) 9.53 02/01/2032 7/1/2022 184,000 (5) 570,400 
 (1) Each equity award was granted under the Company s 2021 Stock Option and Grant Plan, or the 2021 Plan. 
 (2) Represents the fair market value of shares as of December 31, 2022 based upon the closing market price of our common stock on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of 2021, of 3.10 per share. 
 (3) The shares underlying these options vest as follows: 25 on the one year anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and the remaining 75 vest in 36 equal monthly installments on the first day of each month thereafter, in each case subject to the applicable named executive officer s continued service through the applicable vesting date. In addition, the shares underlying these options are subject to the potential acceleration provisions described above under section Executive Employment Arrangements . A portion of the shares underlying options held by Dr. Weinhoff are held by the Gregory Weinhoff 2017 Trust, a spousal lifetime access trust. 
 (4) The shares underlying these options vest in 48 equal monthly amounts beginning March 1, 2022 In addition, the shares underlying these options are subject to the potential acceleration provisions described above under section Executive Employment Arrangements . A portion of the shares underlying options held by Dr. Weinhoff are held by the Gregory Weinhoff 2017 Trust, a spousal lifetime access trust. 
 (5) The restricted stock units vest in ten equal quarterly installments from July 1, 2022, with the exception of Dr. Saha whose restricted stock units vest in nine installments, starting with 150,000 shares vesting on December 31, 2022 followed by eight equal quarterly installments. 
 2022 Director Compensation Table 
 The following table presents the total compensation for each of our non-employee directors who served as a member of our board of directors during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Dr. De Rubertis, who is our Chairman of the Board, waived his non-employee director compensation. Dr. Saha, who is our Chief Executive Officer, did not receive any additional compensation for his service as a director. The compensation received by Dr. Saha, as a named executive officer of the Company, is presented in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table in the Executive Compensation section above. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, make any equity or non-equity awards to or reimburse any expenses of, any of our non-employee directors in 2022. 
 
 172 

Table of Contents 

 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) (1) 
 All other Compensation ) Total ) Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D. (2) 
 Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil, M.B.A. (3) 
 57,500 156,626 214,126 Aaron Kantoff (4) 
 26,250 26,250 Brett Zbar, M.D. (5) 
 55,000 156,626 211,626 Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. (6) 
 50,000 156,626 206,626 Samarth Kulkarni, Ph.D. (7) 
 52,500 156,626 209,126 Robert Califf, M.D. (8) 
 5,875 5,875 Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. (9) 
 60,000 156,626 216,626 Mathias Hukkelhoven, Ph.D. (10) 
 22,500 337,954 360,454 
 (1) The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock options granted to our non-employee directors during the applicable fiscal year, calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of the stock options reported in this column are set forth in note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-K. The amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting cost for these awards and do not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by our non-employee directors upon the exercise of the awards or any sale of the underlying shares of common stock. 
 (2) Dr. De Rubertis waived his entitlement to receive equity awards in 2022. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Goyal held options to purchase 112,570 shares of our common stock. 
 (4) On July 1, 2022, Mr. Kantoff resigned from our board. The resignation was not the result of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices and he is no longer a member of the Board or any of its committees. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Kantoff held options to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock. 
 (5) As of December 31, 2022, Dr. Zbar held options to purchase 112,570 shares of our common stock. 
 (6) As of December 31, 2022, Dr. Hedley held options to purchase 256,474 shares of our common stock. 
 (7) As of December 31, 2022, Dr. Kulkarni held options to purchase 256,474 shares of our common stock. 
 (8) On February 16, 2022, Dr. Califf resigned as a result of his confirmation as the incoming Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Dr. Califf s resignation was not the result of a disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. and he is no longer a member of the Board or any of its committees. As of December 31, 2022, Dr. Califf held no options to purchase shares of our common stock. 
 (9) As of December 31, 2022, Ms. Stuckley held options to purchase 256,474 shares of our common stock. 
 (10) As of December 31, 2022, Dr. Hukkelhoven held options to purchase 96,000 shares of our common stock. 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 Our board of directors adopted a non-employee director compensation policy in 2021. The policy is designed to enable us to attract and retain, on a long-term basis, highly qualified non-employee directors. Under the policy, each director who is not an employee will be paid cash compensation as set forth below: 
 Annual Retainer Board of Directors: Members 40,000 Additional retainer for non-executive chair 30,000 Audit Committee: Members (other than chair) 10,000 Retainer for chair 20,000 Compensation Committee: Members (other than chair) 7,500 Retainer for chair 15,000 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: Members (other than chair) 5,000 Retainer for chair 10,000 
 In addition, the non-employee director compensation policy provides that, upon initial election to our board of directors, each non-employee director will be granted an option to purchase such number of ordinary shares equal to 900,000 in fair value on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, or the Initial Grant. The Initial 
 173 

Table of Contents 

 Grant will vest in 36 equal monthly installments over three years from the grant date, subject to continued service as a director through the applicable vesting date. Furthermore, on the date of each annual meeting of shareholders following the completion of our initial public offering, each non-employee director who continues as a non-employee director following such meeting will be granted an option to purchase such number of ordinary shares equal to 523,000 in fair value on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, or the Annual Grant. The Annual Grant will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) our next annual meeting of shareholders, subject to continued service as a director through the applicable vesting date. Such awards are subject to full accelerated vesting upon the sale of the company. 
 The grant date fair value of all equity awards and all other cash compensation paid by us to any non-employee director in any calendar year for services as a non-employee director shall not exceed 1,000,000 in the first year and 750,000 each year thereafter. 
 We will reimburse all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by non-employee directors in attending meetings of the board of directors and committees thereof. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 None of the members of our compensation committee has at any time during the prior three years been one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors or compensation committee. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth information, to the extent known by us or ascertainable from public filings, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15, 2023 by: 
 each of our directors; 
 each of our named executive officers; 
 all of our directors and executive officers as a group; and 
 each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own greater than 5.0 of our outstanding ordinary shares. 
 The column entitled Shares Beneficially Owned is based on a total of 94,961,169 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to our common stock. Shares of our common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of that person but not for the purpose of calculating the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise noted, the persons and entities in this table have sole voting and investing power with respect to all of the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws, where applicable. Except as otherwise indicated in the table below, addresses of named beneficial owners are in care of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc, 3rd Floor, 1 Ashley Road, Altrincham, Cheshire, United Kingdom, WA14 2DT. 
 
 174 

Table of Contents 

 Shares beneficially owned Name and address of beneficial owner Number Percentage 5 or Greater Stockholders: Entities affiliated with Medicxi (1) 
 19,963,157 21.02 Entities affiliated with Index Ventures (2) 
 9,961,789 10.49 Entities affiliated with General Atlantic (3) 
 9,681,818 10.20 Entities affiliated with BVF Partners LP (4) 
 6,894,345 7.26 Entities affiliated with EcoR1 Capital, LLC (5) 
 5,232,279 5.51 Named Directors and Executive Officers: Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D. Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil, M.B.A. (6) 
 3,971,284 4.18 Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. (7) 
 117,272 0.12 Samarth Kulkarni, Ph.D. (8) 
 117,272 0.12 Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. (9) 
 104,242 0.11 Brett Zbar, M.D. (10) 
 39,466 0.04 Mathias Hukkelhoven (11) 
 26,666 0.03 Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. (12) 
 2,918,451 2.99 David J. Grainger, Ph.D. (13 
 1,076,740 1.13 Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. (14) 
 665,751 0.70 Antoine Yver, M.D., M.Sc. (15) 
 338,713 0.36 Iqbal Hussain (16) 
 439,205 0.46 David Chao, Ph.D. (17) 
 443,314 0.46 Thomas Templeman, Ph.D. (18) 
 337,265 0.35 Tia Bush (19) 
 339,839 0.36 Karen Anderson (20) 
 8,356 0.01 All directors and executive officers as a group (16 persons) 
 10,943,836 11.52 
 Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent. 
 
 (1) Consists of (a) 4,398,519 ordinary shares held by Medicxi Ventures I LP, a Jersey limited partnership Medicxi Ventures I ), (b) 55,677 ordinary shares held by Medicxi Co-Invest I LP, a Jersey limited partnership Medicxi Co-Invest I ), (c) 3,936,970 ordinary shares held by Medicxi Growth I LP, a Jersey limited partnership Medicxi Growth I ), (d) 93,526 ordinary shares held by Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I LP, a Jersey limited partnership Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I ), (e) 11,197,303 ordinary shares held by Medicxi Secondary I LP, a Jersey limited partnership Medicxi Secondary I ), and (f) 281,162 shares held by Medicxi Secondary Co-Invest I LP, a Jersey limited partnership Medicxi Secondary Co-Invest I and, together with Medicxi Ventures I, Medicxi Co-Invest I, Medicxi Growth I, Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I, Medicxi Secondary I and Medicxi Secondary Co-Invest I, the Medicxi Funds ). Medicxi Ventures I GP Limited, a Jersey limited liability company MVI GP ), is the sole managing general partner of Medicxi Ventures I and Medicxi Co-Invest I, and Medicxi Ventures Management (Jersey) Limited, a Jersey limited liability company Medicxi Manager ), is the sole manager of Medicxi Ventures I and Medicxi Co-Invest I. MVI GP and Medicxi Manager may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Medicxi Ventures I and Medicxi Co-Invest I. Medicxi Growth I GP Limited, a Jersey limited liability company MGI GP ), is the sole managing general partner of Medicxi Growth I and Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I, and Medicxi Manager is the sole manager of Medicxi Growth I and Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I. MGI GP and Medicxi Manager may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Medicxi Growth I and Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I. Medicxi Secondary I GP Limited, a Jersey limited liability company MSI GP ), is the sole managing general partner of Medicxi Secondary I and Medicxi Secondary Co-Invest I, and Medicxi Manager is the sole manager of Medicxi Secondary I and Medicxi Secondary Co-Invest I. MSI GP and Medicxi Manager may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Medicxi Secondary I and Medicxi Secondary Co-Invest I. Francois Chesnay, Andrew Wignall, Richard Lee, Giles Johnstone-Scott, Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D., a member of our board of directors, and Andrew Jeanne are members of the board of directors of the Medicxi Manager, and investment and voting decisions with respect to the shares held by the Medicxi Funds are made by such directors collectively. Medicxi Ventures (UK) LLP and Medicxi Ventures (Jersey) Limited act as sub-advisers to Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) Limited, which acts as the adviser to Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) LP, and as such the Medicxi Funds, Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) LP and Yucca (Jersey) SLP may be deemed to be members of a 
 175 

Table of Contents 

 group as defined in Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act (see note (1) below). The share ownership reported by the Medicxi Funds does not include any shares beneficially owned by Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) LP and Yucca (Jersey) SLP, and each of the Medicxi Funds and their affiliates disclaim beneficial ownership of the securities beneficially owned by Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) LP, Yucca (Jersey) SLP and their affiliates. The address of the principal business office of each of the Medicxi Funds is c/o Intertrust Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, 44 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG. 
 (2) Consists of (i) 9,812,368 ordinary shares held by Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) LP, a Jersey limited partnership Index Ventures Life VI ), and (ii) 149,421 ordinary shares held by Yucca (Jersey) SLP, a Jersey separate limited partnership Yucca ). Index Venture Life Associates VI Limited, a Jersey limited liability company Index Venture Life VI GP ), is the managing general partner of Index Ventures Life VI. Yucca administers the Index Ventures Life VI co-investment vehicle that is contractually required to mirror the investment in the shares by Index Ventures Life VI. Index Venture Life VI GP may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Index Ventures Life VI and Yucca. David Hall, Phil Balderson, Brendan Boyle and David Middleton are members of the board of directors of Index Venture Life VI GP, and investment and voting decisions with respect to the shares held by Index Ventures Life VI are made by such directors collectively and investment and voting decisions with respect to the shares held by Yucca are deemed to be made by such directors collectively. Medicxi Ventures (UK) LLP and Medicxi Ventures (Jersey) Limited act as sub-advisers to Index Ventures Life VI (Jersey) Limited, which acts as the adviser to Index Ventures Life VI, and as such the Medicxi Funds, Index Ventures Life VI and Yucca may be deemed to be members of a group as defined in Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange Act (see note (2) above). The share ownership reported by Index Ventures Life VI and Yucca does not include any shares beneficially owned by the Medicxi Funds, and each of Index Ventures Life VI and Yucca and their affiliates disclaim beneficial ownership of the securities beneficially owned by the Medicxi Funds and their affiliates. The address of the principal business office of Index Ventures Life VI is c/o Intertrust Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, 44 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG. The address of the principal business office of Yucca is c/o EFG Fund Administration Limited, 5th Floor, 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 3FG. 
 (3) Represents 9,681,818 ordinary shares held by General Atlantic UM B.V. GA UM ). GA UM is a wholly owned subsidiary of General Atlantic Co peratief U.A. GA Coop UA ). The members that share beneficial ownership of the shares held by GA UM through GA Coop UA are the following General Atlantic investment funds (the GA Funds ): General Atlantic Partners (Bermuda) IV, L.P. GAP Bermuda IV ), General Atlantic Partners (Bermuda) EU, L.P. GAP Bermuda EU ), General Atlantic Partners (Lux), SCSp GAP Lux and General Atlantic Cooperatief, L.P. GA Coop LP ). The general partner of GAP Lux is General Atlantic GenPar (Lux) SCSp GA GenPar Lux and the general partner of GA GenPar Lux is General Atlantic (Lux) S. r.l. GA Sarl ). The general partner of GAP Bermuda IV and GAP Bermuda EU and the sole shareholder of GA Sarl is General Atlantic GenPar (Bermuda), L.P. GenPar Bermuda ). GAP (Bermuda) L.P. GAP Bermuda ),which is controlled by the management committee of GSAC MGP, LLC (the Management Committee ), is the general partner of GenPar Bermuda and GA Coop LP. There are nine members of the Management Committee. The Management Committee includes William E. Ford, Gabriel Caillaux, Andrew Crawford, Mart n Escobari, Anton J. Levy, Sandeep Naik, E. Graves Tompkins, N. Robbert Vorhoff and Chi Eric Zhang. GA UM, GA Coop UA, GA GenPar Lux, GA Sarl, GenPar Bermuda, GAP Bermuda, and the GA Funds are a group within the meaning of Rule 13d-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The mailing address of GA Coop LP, GAP Bermuda IV, GAP Bermuda EU, GenPar Bermuda, and GAP Bermuda is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. The mailing address of GA Coop UA and GA UM is Prinsengracht 769, 1017 JZ, Amsterdam, Netherlands. The mailing address of GAP Lux, GA GenPar Lux and GA Sarl is Luxembourg is 412F, Route d Esch, L-1471 Luxembourg. Each of the members of the Management Committee disclaims ownership of the shares except to the extent that he has a pecuniary interest therein. 
 (4) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on June 16, 2022, (i) Biotechnology Value Fund, L.P. BVF beneficially owns 3,734,708 ordinary shares underlying ADSs it directly owns, (ii) Biotechnology Value Fund II, L.P. BVF2 benef icially owns 2,730,698 ordinary shares underlying ADSs it directly owns, and (iii) Biotechnology Value Trading Fund OS LP Trading Fund OS beneficially owns 334,576 ordinary shares underlying ADSs it directly owns. BVF I GP LLC BVF GP ), as the general partner of BVF, may be deemed to beneficially own the 3,734,708 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF. BVF II GP LLC BVF2 GP ), as the general partner of BVF2, may be deemed to beneficially own the 2,730,698 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF2. BVF Partners OS Ltd. Partners OS ), as the general partner of Trading Fund OS, may be deemed to beneficially own the 334,576 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by Trading Fund OS. BVF GP Holdings LLC BVF GPH ), as the sole member of each of BVF GP and BVF2 GP, may be deemed to beneficially own the 6,465,406 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned in the aggregate by BVF and BVF2. BVF Partners L.P. Partners ), as the investment manager of BVF, BVF2 and Trading Fund OS, and the sole member of Partners OS, may be deemed to beneficially own the 6,799,982 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned in the aggregate by BVF, BVF2 and Trading Fund OS and 94,363 ordinary shares underlying ADSs underlying ADSs held in a certain Partners managed account (the Partners Managed Account ). BVF Inc., as the general partner of Partners, may be deemed to beneficially own the 6,894,345 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by Partners. Mr. Lampert, as a director and officer of BVF Inc., may be deemed to beneficially own the 6,894,345 ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF Inc. BVF GP disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF. BVF2 GP disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF2. Partners OS disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by Trading Fund OS. BVF GPH disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF and BVF2. Each of Partners, BVF Inc. and Mr. Lampert disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares underlying ADSs beneficially owned by BVF, BVF2 and Trading Fund OS and the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs held in the Partners Managed Account. The address for BVF, BVF GP, BVF2, BVF2 GP, BVF GPH, Partners, BVF Inc. and Mr. 
 176 

Table of Contents 

 Lampert is 44 Montgomery St., 40th Floor, San Francisco, California 94104. The address for Trading Fund OS and Partners OS is PO Box 309 Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. 
 (5) Based on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 23, 2022, EcoR1 Capital, LLC EcoR1 has shared dispositive power and shared voting power with respect to 5,232,279 ordinary shares underlying ADSs, Oleg Nodelman Nodelman has shared dispositi ve power and shared voting power with respect to 5,232,279 ordinary shares underlying ADSs, and EcoR1 Capital Fund Qualified, L.P. ECFP has shared dispositive power and shared voting power with respect to 4,875,686 ordinary shares underlying ADss. ECFP is not a member of a group and disclaims membership in a group. The address of EcoR1, ECFP and Mr. Nodelman is 357 Tehama Street #3, San Francisco, California 94103. 
 (6) Consists of (i) 3,825,659 ordinary shares held by Vida Ventures II, LLC Vida II Main Fund ), (ii) 106,159 ordinary shares held by Vida Ventures II-A, LLC Vida II Parallel Fund , and together with the Vida II Main Fund, Vida II and (iii) 39,466 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Goyal. VV Manager II, LLC VV Manager II is the manager of Vida II. Arie Belldegrun, Fred Cohen, and Leonard Potter are the members of the management committee of VV Manager II (the Management Committee and Arie Belldegrun, Fred Cohen, Stefan Vitorovic, Arjun Goyal, Helen Kim, Rajul Jain, and Joshua Kazam are the members of the investment committee of VV Manager II (the Investment Committee ). Each of the Management Committee, the Investment Committee and the respective members thereof may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Vida II. VV Manager II, the Management Committee, the Investment Committee and each member of each of the Management Committee and Investment Committee disclaims beneficial ownership over the securities held of record by Vida II. The address of all entities affiliated with Vida is 40 Broad Street, Suite 201, Boston, MA 02109. 
 (7) Consists of 117,272 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Hedley exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (8) Consists of 117,272 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Kulkarni exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (9) Consists of 104,242 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Ms. Stuckley exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (10) Consists of 39,466 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Zbar exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (11) Consists of 26,666 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Hukkelhoven exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (12) Consists of (i) 105,975 ordinary shares held by Dr. Saha, (ii) 38,000 ordinary shares held by a trust, for which Dr. Saha and his spouse serve as trustees, (iii) 2,686,263 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Saha exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iv) 88,213 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Dr. Saha exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (13) Consists of (i) 824,105 ordinary shares held by Dr. Grainger, (ii) 210,310 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Grainger exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, (iii) 14,825 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Dr. Grainger exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iv) 27,500 ordinary shares held by RxCelerate Limited of which Dr. Grainger is a member of the board of directors. 
 (14) Consists of (i) 39,415 ordinary shares held by Dr. Weinhoff, (ii) 425,362 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Weinhoff exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, (iii) 27,825 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Dr. Weinhoff exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iii) 173,149 ordinary shares underlying options held by the Gregory Weinhoff 2017 Trust, a spousal lifetime access trust, exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (15) Consists of (i) 167,335 ordinary shares held by Dr. Yver, (ii) 86,864 outstanding ordinary shares subject to a right of repurchase by the Company held by Dr. Yver which may be vested within 60 days of March 15, 2023, (iii) 14,825 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Dr. Yver exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iv) 69,689 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Yver exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (16) Consists of (i) 19,559 ordinary shares held by Mr. Hussain, (ii) 5,500 ordinary shares held by Mr. Hussain's spouse, (iii) 20,194 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Mr. Hussain exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iv) 393,952 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Mr. Hussain exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (17) Consists of (i) 32,400 ordinary shares held by Dr. Chao, (ii) 27,825 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Dr. Chao exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iii) 383,089 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Chao exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (18) Consists of (i) 19,947 ordinary shares held by Dr. Templeman, (ii) 17,775 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Dr. Templeman exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (iv) 299,543 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Dr. Templeman exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (19) Consists of (i) 19,221 ordinary shares held by Ms. Bush, (ii) 8,000 ordinary shares held by Ms. Bush's spouse, (iii) 15,888 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Ms. Bush exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 and (iii) 296,730 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Ms. Bush exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 (20) Consists of 5,000 ordinary shares underlying options directly held by Ms. Anderson exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 and 3,356 ordinary shares underlying restricted stock units held by Ms. Bush exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 
 177 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 regarding ordinary shares that may be issued under our equity compensation plans: 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (#) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 17,093,177 (2) 7.88 (3) 7,770,566 (4) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (5) 
 Total 17,093,177 7.88 7,770,566 
 (1) Consists of our 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 2021 Plan and our 2021 Employee Share Purchase Plan ESPP ). The 2021 Plan provides that the number of ordinary shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2022, by up to 5 of the total number of ordinary shares outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or a lesser number of ordinary shares as determined by our board of directors. The ESPP provides that the number of ordinary shares reserved and available for issuance will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2022 by a number of shares equal to the lesser of (i) 1 of the number of shares issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, (ii) two times the initial number of shares reserved or (iii) such number of ordinary shares as determined by our board of directors. 
 (2) Includes restricted share awards and units that were not vested as of December 31, 2022 and stock options granted under the 2021 Plan. 
 (3) The weighted average exercise price is calculated solely on outstanding stock options. 
 (4) Consists of shares available for future issuance under the ESPP and the 2021 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, 1,759,882 shares were available for issuance under the ESPP and 6,010,683 shares were available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Excludes 4,742,170 additional ordinary shares that were added to the number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan pursuant to an automatic increase effective January 1, 2023. 
 (5) We do not have any equity plans that have not been approved by our stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Other than the compensation arrangements described below under the sections Director Compensation and Executive Compensation and the transactions described below, in the period from January 1, 2022 through the date of this Form 10-K, we were not a party to any transactions between us and certain related persons , which are generally considered to be our executive officers, directors, director nominees or 5 shareholders, or their immediate family members. 
 Within this section, we have calculated the dollar amounts using the historical exchange rate as of the closing date of each transaction. Other than compensation arrangements, we describe below transactions and series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2022, to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 
 the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 
 any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our share capital, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On June 2, 2021, we completed our initial public offering and issued 16,500,000 ADSs at an offering price of 20.00 per share. On June 4, 2021, we issued an additional 2,475,000 ADSs, representing the full exercise by the 
 178 

Table of Contents 

 underwriters of their option to purchase additional ADSs. Gross proceeds from the initial public offering totaled an aggregate of approximately 379.5 million. Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Jefferies, and Evercore ISI served as the underwriters of the initial public offering. The following table summarizes purchases of our ADSs by related persons in connection with our initial public offering: 
 
 STOCKHOLDER ADSs TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE Entities affiliated with Medicixi (1) 
 600,000 12,000,000 Entities affiliated with General Atlantic (2) 
 1,500,000 30,000,000 Entities affiliated with Vida Ventures (3) 
 750,000 15,000,000 Gregory Weinhoff 10,000 200,000 Iqbal Hussain (4) 
 8,500 170,000 Tia Bush (5) 
 3,000 60,000 Marella Thorell 1,000 20,000 David Chao 500 10,000 Thomas Templeman 250 5,000 
 (1) Consists of (i) 586,077 ADSs purchased by Medicxi Growth I LP, and (ii) 13,923 ADSs purchased by Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I LP. Medicxi is a holder of 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities. 
 (2) Consists of 1,500,000 ADSs purchased by General Atlantic UM B.V. General Atlantic is a holder of 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities. 
 (3) Consists of (i) 729,750 ADSs purchased by Vida Ventures II, LLC and (ii) 20,250 ADSs purchased by Vida Ventures II-A, LLC. VV Manager II, LLC ("VV Manager II") is the manager of Vida Ventures II-A, LLC and Vida Ventures II-A, LLC. Arjun Goyal, a member of our board of directors, is a member of the investment committee of VV Manager II. 
 (4) Consists of (i) 3,000 ADSs purchased by Iqbal Hussain and (ii) 5,500 ADSs purchased by Iqbal Hussain s spouse. 
 (5) Consists of 3,000 ADSs purchased by Tia Bush s spouse. 
 Master Services agreements with drug discovery companies affiliated with David Grainger 
 Certain Centessa subsidiaries have entered into Master Services agreements with certain drug discovery companies affiliated with David Grainger, who was appointed as the Company s Chief Innovation Officer in October 2021. These companies include RxCelerate Limited, RxBiologics Limited and The Foundry (Cambridge) Limited, of which David Grainger is a director and shareholder. The Company and the Centessa Predecessor Group (which consists of three subsidiaries: Z Factor Limited, LockBody Therapeutics Ltd and Morphogen-IX Limited) incurred research and development costs associated with these contracts as follows in the consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive loss (amounts in thousands): 
 Successor 
 Predecessor Group 
 Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Period from January 30, 2021 through 
 December 31, 2021 
 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 
 Research and development 
 7,373 7,148 418 
 Master services agreements with The Cambridge Partnership Limited 
 In May and June 2018, the Group entered into Master Services agreements with The Cambridge Partnership Limited for accounting and administrative services. David Grainger is a director and shareholder of The Cambridge Partnership and was a director of Z Factor and Morphogen-IX until he resigned on January 29, 2021. The Company and the 
 179 

Table of Contents 

 Centessa Predecessor Group incurred general and administrative costs associated with these contracts as follows in the consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive loss (amounts in thousands): 
 Successor 
 Predecessor Group 
 Twelve Months Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Period from January 30, 2021 through 
 December 31, 2021 
 Period from January 1, 2021 through January 29, 2021 
 General and administrative 178 17 
 Preferred Share Financings 
 Series A Preferred Share Financing 
 In January 2021, we consummated an offering of 22,272,721 shares of our Series A preferred shares at a subscription price of 11.00 per share for an aggregate amount of 245.0 million. In addition to the allotment of shares for cash, a further 568,181 Series A preferred shares were issued in satisfaction of the amount outstanding (being 5,000,000) under the convertible loan agreement entered into on December 29, 2020 at an effective subscription price of 8.80 per share. The following table summarizes subscriptions of our Series A Preferred Shares by related persons: 
 SHAREHOLDER 
 SERIES A PREFERRED SHARES 
 TOTAL SUBSCRIPTION PRICE 
 Entities affiliated with Medicxi (1) 
 1,931,818 
 20,000,001 Entities affiliated with General Atlantic (2) 
 8,181,818 
 90,000,000 Entities affiliated with Vida Ventures (3) 
 3,181,818 
 35,000,000 
 (1) Medicxi is a holder of 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities. 
 (2) General Atlantic is a holder of 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities. 
 (3) Arjun Goyal, a member of our board of directors, is a member of the investment committee of Vida Ventures. 
 Transactions by Our Subsidiaries 
 Reorganization Transactions 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited was incorporated under the laws of England and Wales on October 26, 2020 as a private company with limited liability, under the name United Medicines Biopharma Limited, with nominal assets and liabilities for the purpose of acquiring 11 biotechnology companies as direct subsidiaries (together referred to as the Centessa Subsidiaries ). The Centessa Subsidiaries were incorporated at various times within the period from 2013 to 2019, and had operated as independent companies. Pursuant to the terms of contribution agreements in respect of each Centessa Subsidiary dated December 31, 2020 in the case of PearlRiver Bio (as amended from time to time) and January 23, 2021 in the case of all other Centessa Subsidiaries (other than Palladio Biosciences), all shareholders of each of the Centessa Subsidiaries (other than Palladio Biosciences) exchanged the shares held by them in the relevant Centessa Subsidiary for newly issued B ordinary shares of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited and, as a result, each of the Centessa Subsidiaries (other than Palladio Biosciences) became a wholly owned subsidiary of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited. On the same date, Palladio Biosciences merged with UPM Merger Sub, Inc. (a subsidiary of Centessa incorporated for the purposes of merging with Palladio Biosciences) pursuant to a merger agreement. Palladio Biosciences was the surviving entity of the merger and thereby became a wholly owned subsidiary of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
 In connection our initial public offering, we re-registered Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited as an English public limited company and renamed it as Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc. 
 We refer to the reorganization, pursuant to which each of the Centessa Subsidiaries became a wholly owned subsidiary of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited, and the subsequent re-registration of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited as a public limited company with the name Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and reorganization of shares in Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc, as our Reorganization. 
 180 

Table of Contents 

 The Reorganization took place in several steps. 
 Founding of Centessa 
 Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited was incorporated on October 26, 2020 with a single subscriber share (being one Ordinary Share of 1) issued to an individual associated with Medicxi. 
 On November 17, 2020, Centessa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware as a wholly owned subsidiary of Centessa under the name of United Medicines Biopharma US Inc. Centessa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was incorporated to be Centessa s operating company in the US. 
 On November 24, 2020, Centessa Limited was incorporated in England and Wales as a private company with limited liability and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Centessa under the name of United Medicines Biopharma (Midco) Limited with company number 13040752 for the purposes of becoming the direct holding company of the Centessa Subsidiaries. 
 On November 27, 2020, the one Ordinary Share of 1 held by an individual associated with Medicxi was sub-divided into 500 Ordinary Shares of 0.002 each; and Centessa issued 6,747,500 Ordinary Shares to individuals associated with Medicxi and on 2 December 2020, Centessa issued 752,000 further Ordinary Shares to the Index Foundation. Each of the 7,500,000 Ordinary Shares were redesignated as A Ordinary Shares in connection with the closing of the Crossover Investment (as defined below) on January 29, 2021 and 4,450,000 A Ordinary Shares were acquired for nominal value and cancelled by Centessa. 
 On December 29, 2020, Centessa entered into a convertible loan agreement with Medicxi Growth I LP and Medicxi Growth Co-Invest I LP (collectively Medicxi Growth), whereby the Company issued 5.0 million of unsecured convertible term notes to Medicxi Growth (the Convertible Notes ). The Convertible Notes converted into an aggregate 568,181 Series A Shares at a subscription price of 8.799999964 in connection with the closing of the Crossover Investment (as defined below) on January 29, 2021. 
 Contributions of Subsidiary Company Shares in Exchange for B Ordinary Shares of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 Pursuant to the terms of contribution agreements in respect of each Centessa Subsidiary dated December 31, 2020 in the case of PearlRiver Bio (as amended from time to time) and January 23, 2021 in the case of all other Centessa Subsidiaries (other than Palladio Biosciences), all shareholders of each of the Centessa Subsidiaries (other than Palladio Biosciences) exchanged the shares held by them in the relevant Centessa Subsidiary for newly issued B ordinary shares of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited and, as a result, each of the Centessa Subsidiaries (other than Palladio Biosciences) became a wholly owned subsidiary of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited. As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreements, on January 29, 2021, Centessa simultaneously acquired 100 of the outstanding equity of the ten entities set out below, in each case in exchange for B ordinary shares in the capital of Centessa. Those Centessa Subsidiaries acquired by Centessa pursuant to the Contribution Agreements are: 
 
 1. 
 ApcinteX Limited ApcinteX 
 2. 
 Capella Bioscience Limited Capella 
 3. 
 Inexia Limited Inexia 
 4. 
 Janpix Limited Janpix 
 5. 
 LockBody Therapeutics Ltd LockBody 
 6. 
 Morphogen-IX Limited Morphogen-IX 
 7. 
 Orexia Limited Orexia 
 8. 
 PearlRiver Bio GmbH Pearl River 
 9. 
 Pega-One SAS PegaOne and 
 10. 
 Z Factor Limited Z Factor ). 
 
 181 

Table of Contents 

 On January 23, 2021, Palladio Biosciences entered into an agreement and plan of reorganization (the Merger Agreement with Centessa UPM Merger Sub, Inc. (a subsidiary of Centessa incorporated in Delaware for the purposes of merging with Palladio Biosciences). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, UPM Merger Sub, Inc. merged with and into Palladio Biosciences as the surviving corporation with the shareholders of Palladio receiving B ordinary shares of Centessa and certain Contingent Value Rights. 
 On January 29, 2021, immediately following the completion of the acquisition of the Centessa Subsidiaries, the entire issued share capital of each of the Centessa Subsidiaries (other than PearlRiver Bio, Pega-One and Palladio) held by Centessa was re-designated into a single class of ordinary shares. 
 Crossover Investment 
 On January 29, 2021, Centessa issued 22,272,721 Series A preferred shares to new investors in exchange for 245 million of gross proceeds (the Crossover Investment ). In connection with the Crossover Investment, the Convertible Notes were converted into 568,181 Series A preferred shares of Centessa. 
 Orexia Therapeutics Limited and Inexia Limited Consolidation 
 Due to the overlapping therapeutic focus of our Centessa subsidiaries, Orexia Therapeutics Limited and Inexia Limited, we determined it to be in the best interest of both entities to combine the business of Orexia Therapeutics Limited and Inexia Limited. In order to streamline their common operations and oversight, in April 2021 Orexia Therapeutics Limited, Inexia Limited and the Company executed an Intra Group Sales Agreement whereby Inexia Limited assigned the rights to its business and assets to Orexia Therapeutics Limited for nil consideration. 
 Capital Reduction and Re-designation of the Shares in Centessa 
 Pursuant to part 17 of the Companies Act, on April 30, 2021, Centessa reduced the nominal value of each of its B ordinary shares from 1.50 to 0.001 and cancelled the full amount standing to the credit of its share premium reserve pursuant to a capital reduction supported by a directors solvency statement. The capital reduction was carried out to create distributable reserves in Centessa to support future distributions. Following the capital reduction, Centessa re-designated all of the B Ordinary Shares into A Ordinary Shares in order to simplify the capital structure. 
 Re-registration of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited as Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc 
 On May 14, 2021, we altered the legal status of our company under English law from a private limited company by re-registering Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited as a public limited company and renaming it as Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc. Such re-registration required the passing of special resolutions by the shareholders of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited to approve the re-registration as a public company, the name change to Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and the adoption of new articles of association for Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc. 
 Re-designation and Consolidation of Shares in Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc 
 On May 20, 2021, Centessa undertook a reverse share split whereby every two of Centessa s outstanding Series A preferred shares of nominal value 0.001 each were consolidated into one Series A preferred share of nominal value 0.002 each and every two of Centessa s outstanding A ordinary shares of nominal value 0.001 each were consolidated into one A ordinary share of nominal value 0.002 each. The fractional entitlements resulting from the reverse share split were then consolidated into a single deferred share of 0.0052 which was transferred to us for no consideration and subsequently cancelled. These actions taken together are referred to as our reverse share split . Our reverse share split did not alter the proportionate shareholding of any of our existing shareholders (save for the consolidation of fractional entitlements). 
 Immediately prior to the completion of our initial public offering, and as the final step of the Reorganization, all of Centessa s outstanding Series A preferred shares of nominal value 0.002 each and A ordinary shares of nominal value 0.002 each were re-designated on a one-to-one basis into an aggregate of 71,078,886 or dinary shares of nominal value 0.002 each. 
 Contingent Value Rights 
 In connection with our acquisition of the Palladio Biosciences, Inc. Palladio in January 2021, we issued contingent value rights (CVRs), to former shareholders and option holders of Palladio, payable in the form of our ordinary 
 182 

Table of Contents 

 shares, upon the achievement of a specific clinical development milestone by Palladio. In total, the CVRs represented the contractual rights to receive payment of 39.7 million worth of ordinary shares (or ADSs), upon the dosing of the first patient in Palladio s ACTION study, a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of lixivaptan for the treatment of Autosomal Dominant Polycystic Kidney Disease ADPKD in any of the United States, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Japan. As former shareholders of Palladio, entities affiliated with Medicxi were eligible to receive up to an aggregate of approximately 17.6 million (in ordinary shares, or ADSs) under this CVR arrangement. 
 On February 18, 2022, Palladio commenced dosing in its Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating lixivaptan as a potential treatment for ADPKD. Such event was the milestone trigger for payment of CVRs. On March 8, 2022, the Company and the representative of the CVRs holders agreed that 3,938,423 represented the aggregate number of ordinary shares, issued as ADSs, to be issued in satisfaction of such CVRs, to the former shareholders and option holders of Palladio. The number of ADSs issued to employee recipients reflected in this figure is net of tax withholding, which the Company satisfied with cash payments to tax authorities. Entities affiliated with Medicxi received 1,839,265 ADSs in satisfaction of the CVRs. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 We have entered into a deed of indemnity with those executive officers who are not directors. These agreements and our articles of association require us to indemnify our executive officers against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with claims made by reason of their being such an executive officer to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 In addition, pursuant to the acquisition by certain individuals associated with Medicxi of ordinary shares in Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (f/k/a Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited) in November 2020, Medicxi Ventures (UK) LLP entered into a deed of indemnity with Centessa, under the terms of which Medicxi Ventures (UK) LLP will indemnify Centessa against certain potential liabilities for employment-related tax that may arise as a result of or in connection with the acquisitions by any such individuals. 
 In addition, we have previously entered into deeds of indemnity with our directors. These agreements will, among other things, indemnify our directors against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with claims made by reason of their being such a director to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 Registration Rights 
 On January 29, 2021, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, as amended to date, which we refer to as our registration rights agreement, with certain holders of our outstanding convertible preferred shares and our ordinary shares, including entities with which certain of our directors are affiliated. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, certain holders of our ordinary shares issued upon the conversion of our convertible preferred shares and all ordinary shares held by the entities affiliated with Medicxi and the entities affiliated with Index Ventures (the Registrable Securities are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of these securities under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement includes demand registration rights, short-form registration rights and piggyback registration rights. 
 Demand Registration Rights 
 Beginning on November 23, 2021, the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities then outstanding are entitled to demand registration rights. Under the terms of the registration rights agreement, we will be required, upon the written request of holders of a majority of these securities to file a registration statement, with respect to at least 40 of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (or a lesser percentage, if the anticipated aggregate offering price would exceed 10.0 million) and use best efforts to effect the registration of all or a portion of these shares for public resale. We are required to effect only two registrations pursuant to this provision of the registration rights agreement. 
 Short-Form Registration Rights 
 Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form F-3 or Form S-3, upon the written request of holders of at least 10 of the Registrable Securities then outstanding having an anticipated aggregate offering price of at least 4.0 million, we will be required to effect a registration of such Registrable Securities. We are required to effect only two registrations in any twelve month period pursuant to this provision of the registration rights agreement. The right to have such shares registered on Form F-3 or Form S-3 is further subject to other specified conditions and limitations. 
 183 

Table of Contents 

 Piggyback Registration Rights 
 Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, if we register any of our securities either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, other than in connection with our initial public offering or a registration for any employee benefit plan, corporate reorganization, or the offer or sale of debt securities, the holders of the Registrable Securities (for so long as they are a party to the registration rights agreement) are entitled to include their shares in the registration. Subject to certain exceptions contained in the registration rights agreement, we and the underwriters may limit the number of Registrable Securities included in the underwritten offering to the number of shares which we and the underwriters determine in our sole discretion will not jeopardize the success of the offering. 
 Indemnification 
 Our registration rights agreement contains customary cross-indemnification provisions, under which we are obligated to indemnify holders of registrable securities in the event of material misstatements or omissions in the registration statement attributable to us, and they are obligated to indemnify us for material misstatements or omissions attributable to them and (iii) the closing of a share sale. 
 Expiration of Registration Rights 
 The registration rights granted under the registration rights agreement will terminate on the earlier of (i) June 2, 2025, which is the fourth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering (ii) such time as all relevant ordinary shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without limitation during a 90 day period without registration. 
 Related Person Transaction Policy 
 We have adopted a written related party transactions policy that such transactions must be approved by our audit committee. Pursuant to this policy, the audit committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing and approving or disapproving related person transactions, which are transactions between us and related persons in which the related person has a direct or indirect material interest. For purposes of this policy, a related person will be defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for director, or greater than 5 beneficial owner of any class of our voting securities, and their immediate family members. 
 Director Independence 
 Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq Listing Rules requires a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within one year of listing. In addition, the Nasdaq Listing Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent and that Audit Committee members also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Under Rule 5605(a)(2), a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In order to be considered independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an Audit Committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the board of directors, the Audit Committee or any other board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 Our board of directors has determined that all members of the board of directors, except Saurabh Saha M.D., Ph.D. are independent, as determined in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq and relevant federal securities laws and regulations. In making such independence determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each such non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that the board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. 
 184 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 Centessa incurred the following fees from KPMG LLP for the audit of the financial statements and for other services provided during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 2021 Audit fees (1) 
 1,449,500 1,372,500 Audit-related fees (2) 
 76,302 Tax fees 
 All other fees (3) 
 2,430 915,630 Total fees 
 1,528,232 2,288,130 
 (1) Audit fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include fees for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements, the review of interim financial statements included in quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and services normally provided by the independent auditor in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, such as statutory audits and services in connection with filings with the SEC. 
 (2) Audit-related fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 consist of professional services rendered in connection with the Company s implementation of an Oracle system. 
 (3) All other fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist of a small annual license for the use of accounting research software. In addition, the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 included advisory services provided in relation to IPO preparation. 
 Audit Committee Pre-approval Policy and Procedures 
 Our audit committee has adopted policies and procedures relating to the approval of all audit and non-audit services that are to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. This policy provides that we will not engage our independent registered public accounting firm to render audit or non-audit services unless the service is specifically approved in advance by our audit committee or the engagement is entered into pursuant to the pre-approval procedure described below. 
 From time to time, our audit committee may pre-approve specified types of services that are expected to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm during the next 12 months. Any such pre-approval details the particular service or type of services to be provided and is also generally subject to a maximum dollar amount. 
 During our 2022 and 2021 fiscal years, all services provided to us by KPMG LLP were pre-approved in accordance with the policies and procedures described above. 
 185 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Exhibits: 
 Exhibit number Description of exhibit 3.1 Articles of Association of the registrant, as currently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2022 (File No. 001-40445)). . 
 4.1 Form of Deposit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 4.2 Form of American Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 4.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 4.3 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement by and among the registrant and the Investors listed therein, dated January 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.2# Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.3# 2021 Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.4# 2021 Share Option Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.5# Employment Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, between the registrant and Saurabh Saha (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40445)). 
 10.6# Form of Deed of Indemnity between the registrant and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.7 License Agreement dated December 7, 2016 (as amended) between ApcinteX and Cambridge Enterprise Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.8 License Agreement dated February 4, 2015 (as amended) between Z Factor and Cambridge Enterprise Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.9 Contribution agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between ApcinteX Limited, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.10 Contribution agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between Capella Bioscience LTD, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 
 186 

Table of Contents 

 10.11 Contribution agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between LockBody Therapeutics Ltd, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.12 Contribution agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between Morphogen-IX Limited, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.13 Contribution agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between Orexia Limited, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.14 Contribution agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between Z Factor Limited, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.15# Employment Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, between the registrant and Gregory M. Weinhoff, MD, MBA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40445)). 
 10.16 # Incentivization agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between LockBody Therapeutics Ltd, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.17 # Incentivization agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between Morphogen-IX Limited, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.18 # Incentivization agreement, dated January 23, 2021, by and between Z Factor Limited, United Medicines Biopharma Limited and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255393)). 
 10.19 Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2021 by and between the Registrant, the Purchasers party thereto and Cocoon SA LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021 (File No. 001-40445). 
 10.20 Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement and Waiver, dated February 11, 2022, by and between the Registrant, the Purchasers party thereto and Cocoon SA LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40445)). 
 10.21 Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and between the Registrant, the Purchasers party thereto and Cocoon SA LLC. 
 10.22 One Federal Street, Boston, MA lease, dated February 7, 2022, by and between One Federal, L.P. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40445)). . 
 10.23 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2022, between the registrant and David Chao. 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 187 

Table of Contents 

 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 INS XBRL Instance Document. 101 SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101 CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document. 101 DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101 LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101 PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.) 
 ______________ 
 This certification will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into such filing. 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 
 # Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 (b) Financial Statements: 
 The financial statements of the Registrant are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Financial Statements Schedules: 
 Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 188 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 CENTESSA PHARMACEUTICALS PLC Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: /s/ Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. Name: Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

189 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. and Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. Name: Saurabh Saha, M.D., Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. Name: Gregory Weinhoff, M.D., M.B.A. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D. Name: Francesco De Rubertis, Ph.D. Director March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil, M.B.A. Name: Arjun Goyal, M.D., M.Phil, M.B.A. Director March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Mathias Hukkelhoven, Ph.D. Name: Mathias Hukkelhoven Ph.D. Director March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Brett Zbar, M.D Name: Brett Zbar, M.D. Director March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. Name: Mary Lynne Hedley, Ph.D. Director March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Samarth Kulkarni, Ph.D. Name: Samarth Kulkarni, Ph.D. Director March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. Name: Carol Stuckley, M.B.A. Director March 30, 2023 
 
 190 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 a20221231ex43descriptionof.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 The following description is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the registered securities of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company, we, us, and our including our American Depositary Shares ADSs ), each representing one ordinary share, nominal value 0.002 per share. This description also summarizes relevant provisions of English law and of the Company s articles of association (the Articles of association and highlights certain differences in corporate law in the United Kingdom and the United States. The following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of English law and the Articles, a copy of which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. We encourage you to read the Articles and the applicable provisions of English law for additional information. 
 DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
 The Company was incorporated pursuant to the laws of England and Wales as United Medicines Biopharma Limited on October 26, 2020 and then renamed as Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited on February 17, 2021. On May 14, 2021, we re-registered Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited as a public limited company with the name Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc. We are registered with the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales under number 12973576, and our registered office is at 3rd Floor, 1 Ashley Road, Altrincham, Cheshire, United Kingdom, WA14 2DT. 
 Certain resolutions were passed by our shareholders at our 2021 annual general shareholder meeting, including in respect of 
 
 general authorization of our directors for purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act to issue our shares and grant rights to subscribe for or convert any securities into our shares up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of 305,000 for a period of five years and 
 empowering of our directors pursuant to section 570 of the Companies Act to issue equity securities for cash pursuant to the section 551 authority referred to above as if the statutory preemption rights under section 561(1) of the Companies Act did not apply to such allotments. 
 Issued Share Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s issued share capital was 94,843,391 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 0.002 per share. Ordinary Shares 
 In accordance with our Articles, the following summarizes the rights of holders of our ordinary shares 
 
 each holder of our ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per ordinary share on all matters to be voted on by shareholders generally 
 the holders of the ordinary shares shall be entitled to receive notice of, attend, speak and vote at our general meetings and 
 holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to receive such dividends as are recommended by our directors and declared by our shareholders. 
 Deferred Shares 
 In accordance with our Articles, the following summarizes the rights of holders of our deferred shares created as part of the reverse share split 
 
 holders of our deferred shares are not entitled to vote on any shareholder matters, or receive notice of, attend, speak or vote at our general meetings or receives copies of our reports, accounts, circulars or other documents sent to our shareholders 
 holders of our deferred shares shall not be entitled to receive any dividends or participation in our profits 
 in the event of a winding up or our liquidation, the deferred shares shall only participate in our surplus assets to the extent that each ordinary share has first received the amount paid up on that ordinary shares plus the sum of 1,000,000 in respect of each ordinary shares and 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

the deferred shares shall not be transferable, save as in accordance with the limited circumstances set out in our articles of association to be in effect upon the completion of this offering. 
 Registered Shares 
 We are required by the Companies Act to keep a register of our shareholders. Under English law, the ordinary shares and deferred shares are deemed to be issued when the name of the shareholder is entered in our share register. The share register therefore is prima facie evidence of the identity of our shareholders, and the shares that they hold. The share register generally provides limited, or no, information regarding the ultimate beneficial owners of our ordinary shares. Our share register is maintained by our registrar. 
 Holders of our ADSs are not treated as our shareholders and their names are therefore not entered in our share register. The depositary, the custodian or their nominees are the holder of the ordinary shares underlying our ADSs. Holders of our ADSs have a right to receive the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs. For discussion on our ADSs and ADS holder rights, see Description of American Depositary Shares below. 
 Under the Companies Act, we must enter an allotment of shares in our share register as soon as practicable and in any event within two months of the allotment. We also are required by the Companies Act to register a transfer of shares (or give the transferee notice of and reasons for refusal as the transferee may reasonably request) as soon as practicable and in any event within two months of receiving notice of the transfer. 
 We, any of our shareholders or any other affected person may apply to the court for rectification of the share register if 
 
 the name of any person, without sufficient cause, is wrongly entered in or omitted from our register of members or 
 there is a default or unnecessary delay in entering on the register the fact of any person having ceased to be a member or on which we have a lien, provided that such delay does not prevent dealings in the shares taking place on an open and proper basis. 
 Preemptive Rights 
 English law generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash however, it is possible for the articles of association, or shareholders in general meeting representing at least 75 of our ordinary shares present (in person or by proxy) and voting at that general meeting, to exclude preemptive rights. Such an exclusion of preemptive rights may be for a maximum period of up to five years from the date of adoption of the articles of association, if the exclusion is contained in the articles of association, or from the date of the shareholder resolution, if the exclusion is by shareholder resolution. In either case, this exclusion would need to be renewed by our shareholders upon its expiration (i.e., at least every five years). On May 20, 2021, our shareholders approved the exclusion of preemptive rights for a period of five years from the date of approval, which exclusion will need to be renewed upon expiration (i.e., at least every five years) to remain effective, but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 
 
 Distributions and Dividends 
 Under the Companies Act, before a company can lawfully make a distribution or dividend, it must ensure that it has sufficient distributable reserves, as determined on a non-consolidated basis. The basic rule is that a company s profits available for the purpose of making a distribution are its accumulated, realized profits, so far as not previously utilized by distribution or capitalization, less its accumulated, realized losses, so far as not previously written off in a reduction or reorganization of capital duly made. The requirement to have sufficient distributable reserves before a distribution or dividend can be paid applies to us and to each of our subsidiaries that has been incorporated under English law. 
 As a public company, an additional capital maintenance requirement is imposed on us to ensure that the net worth of the Company is at least equal to the amount of its capital. A public company can only make a distribution 
 
 if, at the time that the distribution is made, the amount of its net assets (that is, the total excess of assets over liabilities) is not less than the total of its called up share capital and undistributable reserves and 
 if, and to the extent that, the distribution itself, at the time that it is made, does not reduce the amount of its net assets to less than that total. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

Disclosure of Interest in Shares 
 Pursuant to Part 22 of the Companies Act, a company is empowered by notice in writing to require any person whom the company knows to be, or has reasonable cause to believe to be, interested in the company s shares or at any time during the three years immediately preceding the date on which the notice is issued to have been so interested, within a reasonable time to disclose to the company details of that person s interest and (so far as is within such person s knowledge) details of any other interest that subsists or subsisted in those shares. 
 If a shareholder defaults in supplying the company with the required details in relation to the shares in question (the Default Shares ), the shareholder shall not be entitled to vote or exercise any other right conferred by membership in relation to general meetings. Where the Default Shares represent 0.25 or more of the issued shares of the class in question, the directors may direct that 
 
 any dividend or other money payable in respect of the Default Shares shall be retained by the company without any liability to pay interest on it when such dividend or other money is finally paid to the shareholder and or 
 no transfer by the relevant shareholder of shares (other than a transfer approved in accordance with the provisions of the company s articles of association) may be registered (unless such shareholder is not in default and the transfer does not relate to default shares). 
 Purchase of Own Shares 
 English law permits a public limited company to purchase its own shares out of the distributable profits of the company or the proceeds of a fresh issue of shares made for the purpose of financing the purchase, subject to complying with procedural requirements under the Companies Act and provided that its articles of association do not prohibit it from doing so. Our Articles do not prohibit us from purchasing our own shares. A public limited company must not purchase its own shares if, as a result of the purchase, there would no longer be any issued shares of the company other than redeemable shares or shares held as treasury shares. 
 Any such purchase will be either a market purchase or off market purchase, each as defined in the Companies Act. A market purchase is a purchase made on a recognized investment exchange (other than an overseas exchange) as defined in the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, FSMA ). An off market purchase is a purchase that is not made on a recognized investment exchange. Both market purchases and off market purchases require prior shareholder approval by way of an ordinary resolution. In the case of an off market purchase, a company s shareholders, other than the shareholders from whom the company is purchasing shares, must approve the terms of the contract to purchase shares and in the case of a market purchase, the shareholders must approve the maximum number of shares that can be purchased and the maximum and minimum prices to be paid by the company. Both resolutions authorizing market purchases and off-market purchases must specify a date, not later than five years after the passing of the resolution, on which the authority to purchase is to expire. 
 Nasdaq is an overseas exchange for the purposes of the Companies Act and does not fall within the definition of a recognized investment exchange for the purposes of FSMA and any purchase made by us would need to comply with the procedural requirements under the Companies Act that regulate off market purchases. 
 A share buy back by a company of its shares will give rise to U.K. stamp duty reserve tax and stamp duty at the rate of 0.5 of the amount or value of the consideration payable by the company (rounded up to the next 5.00), and such stamp duty reserve tax or duty will be paid by the company. The charge to stamp duty reserve tax will be canceled or, if already paid, repaid (generally with interest), where a transfer instrument for stamp duty purposes has been duly stamped within six years of the charge arising (either by paying the stamp duty or by claiming an appropriate relief) or if the instrument is otherwise exempt from stamp duty. 
 Our Articles do not have conditions governing changes to our capital which are more stringent than those required by law. 
 Shareholder Rights 
 Certain rights granted under the Companies Act, including the right to requisition a general meeting or require a resolution to be put to shareholders at the annual general meeting, are only available to our members. For English law purposes, our members are the persons who are registered as the owners of the legal title to the shares and whose names are recorded in our register of members. In the case of shares held in a settlement system operated by the Depository Trust Company DTC ), the registered member will be DTC s nominee, Cede & Co. If a person who holds their ADSs in DTC wishes to exercise certain of the rights granted under the Companies Act, they may be required to first take steps to withdraw their ADSs from the settlement system operated by DTC and become the 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

registered holder of the shares in our register of members. A withdrawal of shares from DTC may have tax implications. 
 Registration Rights 
 The holders o f up to 50,034,030 of our ordinary shares and all ordinary shares held by the entities affiliated with Medicxi and the entities affiliated with Index Ventures (the Registrable Securities are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of these securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). These rights are provided under the terms of a registration rights agreement between us and holders of our convertible preferred shares, which were converted into ordinary shares in connection with our initial public offering in June 2021. The registration rights agreement includes demand registration rights, short-form registration rights and piggyback registration rights. 
 Demand Registration Rights 
 The holders of a majority of the outstanding Registrable Securities are entitled to demand registration rights. Under the terms of the registration rights agreement, we will be required, upon the written request of holders of a majority of these securities to file a registration statement, with respect to at least 40 of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (or a lesser percentage, if the anticipated aggregate offering price would exceed 10.0 million) and use best efforts to effect the registration of all or a portion of these shares for public resale. We are required to effect only two registrations pursuant to this provision of the registration rights agreement. 
 Short-Form Registration Rights 
 Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, if we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form F-3 or Form S-3, upon the written request of holders of at least 10 of the outstanding Registrable Securities having an anticipated aggregate offering price of at least 4.0 million, we will be required to effect a registration of such Registrable Securities. We are required to effect only two registrations in any twelve month period pursuant to this provision of the registration rights agreement. The right to have such shares registered on Form F-3 or Form S-3 is further subject to other specified conditions and limitations. 
 Piggyback Registration Rights 
 Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, if we register any of our securities either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, other than in connection with our initial public offering or a registration for any employee benefit plan, corporate reorganization, or the offer or sale of debt securities, the holders of the Registrable Securities (for so long as they are a party to the registration rights agreement) are entitled to include their shares in the registration. Subject to certain exceptions contained in the registration rights agreement, we and the underwriters may limit the number of Registrable Securities included in the underwritten offering to the number of shares which we and the underwriters determine in our sole discretion will not jeopardize the success of the offering. 
 Indemnification 
 Our registration rights agreement contains customary cross-indemnification provisions, under which we are obligated to indemnify holders of registrable securities in the event of material misstatements or omissions in the registration statement attributable to us, and they are obligated to indemnify us for material misstatements or omissions attributable to them. 
 Expiration of Registration Rights 
 The registration rights granted under the registration rights agreement will terminate on the earlier of (i) the fourth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering (ii) such time as all relevant ordinary shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without limitation during a 90 day period without registration and (iii) the closing of a share sale, as such term is defined in our Articles. 
 Articles of Association 
 Our Articles were approved by our shareholders on May 20, 2021 and were adopted with effect from the completion of our initial public offering. A summary of the terms of the Articles is set out below. The summary below is not a complete copy of the terms of the Articles. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

The Articles contain no specific restrictions on our purpose and therefore, by virtue of section 31(1) of the Companies Act, our purpose is unrestricted. 
 
 The Articles contain, among other things, provisions to the following effect 
 Share Capital 
 Our share capital consists of ordinary shares and deferred shares. We may, in accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act, be authorized by our shareholders to generally and unconditionally allot our shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into our shares by way of an ordinary resolution or if no ordinary resolution is passed or so far as the resolution does not make specific provision, as the board of directors may determine, including shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at our option or the option of the holder of such shares. However, an amendment to our Articles, which requires the passing of a special resolution, will be required to issue any shares other than ordinary shares or deferred shares. 
 Voting 
 The holders of ordinary shares have the right to receive notice of, and to vote at, our general meetings. Subject to any other provisions of the Articles and without prejudice to any special rights, privileges or restrictions as to voting attached to any shares forming part of our share capital, each holder of our ordinary shares who is present in person (or, in the case of a corporation, by representative) or by proxy at a general meeting on a show of hands has one vote and, on a poll, every such holder who is present in person (or, being a corporation, by representative) or by proxy has one vote in respect of every ordinary share held by him. 
 Variation of Rights 
 Whenever our share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the special rights attached to any class may be varied or abrogated either with the consent in writing of the holders of three-fourths in nominal value of the issued shares of that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a general meeting of the holders of the shares of that class, and may be so varied and abrogated whilst the Company is a going concern. 
 Dividends 
 We may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and the Articles, by ordinary resolution from time to time declare dividends to be paid to shareholders not exceeding the amount recommended by our board of directors. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, in so far as, in the board of directors opinions, our profits justify such payments, the board of directors may declare interim dividends (including any dividend at a fixed rate) as appears to our board of directors to be justified by our profits available for distribution. Except as provided otherwise by the rights attached to shares, all dividends may be declared or paid in any currency. Our board of directors may decide the rate of exchange for any currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved in such conversions are to be met. 
 Any dividend unclaimed after a period of 12 years from the date such dividend was declared or became payable shall, if the board of directors resolve, be forfeited and shall cease to remain owing by us. Unless otherwise provided by the rights attached to the share, no dividend or other monies payable on or in respect of a share shall bear interest as against us. 
 Liquidation Preference 
 On a distribution of assets on a liquidation, the surplus assets remaining after payment of liabilities shall be distributed among the holders of ordinary shares pro rata to the number of ordinary shares held by them, irrespective of the amount paid or credited as paid on any ordinary share. 
 Transfer of Ordinary Shares 
 Subject to the restrictions in the Articles, each member may transfer all or any of his shares which are in certificated form by means of an instrument of transfer in any usual form or in any other form which the board of directors may approve. Each member may transfer all or any of his shares which are in uncertificated form by means of a relevant system (i.e., the CREST System) in such manner provided for, and subject as provided in, the CREST Regulations. 
 The board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to register a transfer of certificated shares unless 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

(i) it is for a share which is fully paid up 
 (ii) it is for a share upon which the company has no lien 
 (iii) it is only for one class of share 
 (iv) it is in favor of a single transferee or no more than four joint transferees 
 (v) it is duly stamped or is duly certificated or otherwise shown to the satisfaction of the board of directors to be exempt from stamp duty and 
 (vi) it is delivered for registration to the registered office of the company (or such other place as the board of directors may determine), accompanied (except in the case of a transfer by a person to whom the company is not required by law to issue a certificate and to whom a certificate has not been issued or in the case of a renunciation) by the certificate for the shares to which it relates and such other evidence as the board of directors may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor (or person renouncing) and the due execution of the transfer or renunciation by him or, if the transfer or renunciation is executed by some other person on his behalf, the authority of that person to do so. 
 The board of directors shall not refuse to register any transfer of partly paid shares in respect of which ADSs are admitted to Nasdaq on the grounds that they are partly paid shares in circumstances where such refusal would prevent dealings in such shares from taking place on an open and proper basis. 
 The board of directors may refuse to register a transfer of uncertificated shares in any circumstances that are allowed or required by the CREST Regulations and the CREST System. 
 Allotment of Shares and Preemption Rights 
 Subject to the Companies Act and to any rights attached to existing shares, any share may be issued with or have attached to it such rights and restrictions as the company may by ordinary resolution determine, or if no ordinary resolution has been passed or so far as the resolution does not make specific provision, as the board of directors may determine (including shares which are to be redeemed, or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the company or the holder of such shares). However, an amendment to the Articles, which requires the passing of a special resolution, will be required to issue any shares other than ordinary shares. 
 In accordance with section 551 of the Companies Act, the board of directors may be generally and unconditionally authorized to exercise all the powers of the company to allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares up to an aggregate nominal amount equal to the amount stated in the relevant ordinary resolution authorizing such allotment. The authorities passed on May 20, 2021 by way of ordinary resolution and remain in force at the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.3 is a part. 
 Pursuant to of section 561 of the Companies Act, shareholders are granted preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash. However, it is possible for the Articles, or shareholders at a general meeting representing at least 75 of our ordinary shares present (in person or by proxy) and eligible to vote at that general meeting, to disapply these preemptive rights. Such a disapplication of preemption rights may be a maximum period of up to five years from the date of the shareholder resolution. In either case, this disapplication would need to be renewed by our shareholders upon its expiration (i.e. at least every five years). 
 
 On May 20, 2021, our shareholders approved the disapplication of preemptive rights for a period of five years from the date of approval by way of a special resolution of our shareholders. This included the disapplication of preemption rights in relation to the allotment of our ordinary shares in connection with this offering. This disapplication will need to be renewed upon expiration (i.e., at least every five years) to remain effective, but may be sought more frequently for additional five-year terms (or any shorter period). 
 Alteration of Share Capital 
 The company may, in accordance with the Companies Act, by ordinary resolution consolidate all of its share capital into shares of larger nominal value than its existing shares, or cancel any shares which, at the date of the ordinary resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the nominal amount of shares so cancelled, or sub-divide its shares, or any of them, into shares of smaller nominal value. 
 The company may, in accordance with the Companies Act, reduce or cancel its share capital or any capital redemption reserve or share premium account in any manner and with and subject to any conditions, authorities and consents required by law. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

Board of Directors 
 Appointment of directors 
 Unless otherwise determined by the Company by ordinary resolution, the number of directors (other than any alternate directors) shall not be less than two but there shall be no maximum number of directors. 
 Subject to the Articles and the Companies Act, the Company may by ordinary resolution appoint a person who is willing to act as a director and the board of directors shall have power at any time to appoint any person who is willing to act as a director, in both cases either to fill a vacancy or as an addition to the existing board of directors. 
 The Articles provide that our board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will consist, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting our entire board and which will serve staggered three-year terms. At each annual general meeting, the successors of directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following election. 
 At every subsequent annual general meeting any director who either (i) has been appointed by the board of directors since the last annual general meeting or (ii) was not appointed or reappointed at one of the preceding two annual general meetings, must retire from office and may offer themselves for reappointment by the shareholders by ordinary resolution. 
 Proceedings of directors 
 Subject to the provisions of the Articles, the board of directors may regulate their proceedings as they deem appropriate. A director may, and the secretary at the request of a director shall, call a meeting of the directors. 
 The quorum for a meeting of the board of directors shall be fixed from time to time by a decision of the board of directors, but it must never be less than two directors (or duly appointed alternative directors) and unless otherwise fixed, it is two directors (or duly appointed alternative directors). 
 Questions and matters requiring resolution arising at a meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes of the participating directors, with each director having one vote. In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman will only have a casting vote or second vote (unless the chairperson is not entitled to vote on the resolution in question). 
 
 Directors compensation 
 Directors shall be entitled to receive such remuneration as the board of directors shall determine for their services to the company as directors, and for any other service which they undertake for the Company. The directors shall be entitled to reasonable additional remuneration (whether by way of salary, commission, participation in profits or otherwise) for any special duties or services performed or rendered to us, as determined by our board of directors, and in respect of any employment or executive office. The directors shall also be entitled to be paid all reasonable expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at meetings of shareholders or class meetings, board of director or committee meetings or otherwise in connection with the exercise of their powers and the discharge of their responsibilities in relation to the Company. 
 Conflicts of interest 
 The board of directors may, in accordance with the requirements in the Articles, authorize any matter proposed to them by any director which would, if not authorized, involve a director breaching his duty under the Companies Act, to avoid conflicts of interests. 
 A director seeking authorization in respect of such conflict shall declare to the board of directors the nature and extent of his interest in a conflict as soon as is reasonably practicable. The director shall provide the board of directors with such details of the matter as are necessary for the board of directors to decide how to address the conflict together with such additional information as may be requested by the board of directors. 
 Any authorization by the board of directors will be effective only if 
 
 (i) to the extent permitted by the Companies Act, the matter in question shall have been proposed by any director for consideration in the same way that any other matter may be proposed to the directors under the provisions of the Articles 
 (ii) any requirement as to the quorum for consideration of the relevant matter is met without counting the conflicted director and any other conflicted director and 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

(iii) the matter is agreed to without the conflicted director voting or would be agreed to if the conflicted director s and any other interested director s vote is not counted. 
 Permitted interests 
 Under the Articles, certain transactions which would otherwise give rise to a conflict are considered to be permitted interests of our directors. In the event that these permitted interests arise, the director in question will still count towards the quorum requirements of the relevant meeting and be entitled to vote on resolutions relating to such permitted interests, including but not limited to the following matters 
 
 (i) the giving by such director of any security, guarantee or indemnity for any money or any liability which such director, or any other person, has lent or obligations such director or any other person has undertaken at the request, or for the benefit, of us or any of our subsidiary undertakings 
 (ii) the giving of any security, guarantee or indemnity to any other person for a debt or obligation which is owed by us or any of our subsidiary undertakings, to that other person if such director has taken responsibility for some or all of that debt or obligation. Such director can take this responsibility by giving a guarantee, indemnity or security 
 (iii) a proposal or contract relating to an offer of any shares or debentures or other securities for subscription or purchase by us or any of our subsidiary undertakings, if such director takes part because such director is a holder of shares, debentures or other securities, or if such director takes part in the underwriting or sub-underwriting of the offer 
 (iv) any arrangement for the benefit of our employees or the employees of any of our subsidiary undertakings which only gives such director benefits which are also generally given to employees to whom the arrangement relates 
 (v) any arrangement involving any other company if such director (together with any person connected with such director) has an interest of any kind in that company (including an interest by holding any position in that company or by being a shareholder of that company). This does not apply if such director knows that that such director has a relevant interest in a company. A company shall be deemed to be one in which such director has a relevant interest if and so long as (but only if and so long as) such director is to their knowledge (either directly or indirectly) the holder of or beneficially interested in one percent or more of any class of the equity share capital of that company (calculated exclusive of any shares of that class in that company held as treasury shares) or of the voting rights available to shareholders of that company 
 (vi) a contract relating to insurance which we can buy or renew for the benefit of our directors or a group of people which includes our directors and 
 (vii) a contract relating to a pension, superannuation or similar scheme or a retirement, death, disability benefits scheme or employees share scheme which gives such director benefits which are also generally given to the employees to whom the scheme relates. 
 A director is not permitted to vote (or count towards the quorum) on a resolution relating to their own appointment or the settlement or variation of the terms of their appointment to an office or place of profit with us, or any other company in which we have an interest. 
 Directors Indemnity 
 Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, every director, secretary or other officer of the company (other than an auditor) shall be indemnified against all costs, charges, losses, damages and liabilities incurred by him in the actual purported exercise or discharge of his duties or exercise of his powers or otherwise in relation to them. This indemnity includes any liability incurred by a director in defending any civil or criminal proceedings in which judgment is given in that director s favor or the director is acquitted or the proceedings are otherwise disposed of without any finding or admission of any material breach of duty on his part and we may provide the director with funds to meet expenditure incurred in connection with the proceedings set out above. 
 General Meetings 
 The Company must convene and hold general meetings within the six-month period beginning with the day following our accounting reference date in accordance with the Companies Act. Under the Companies Act, an annual general meeting must be called by notice of at least 21 clear days and a general meeting must be called by notice of at least 14 clear days. 
 No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present when the meeting proceeds to business, but the absence of a quorum shall not preclude the choice or appointment of a chairman of the meeting 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

which shall not be treated as part of the business of the meeting. Save as otherwise provided by the Articles, two shareholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall be a quorum for all purposes. 
 Choice of forum governing law 
 The Articles provide that the courts of England and Wales will be the exclusive forum for resolving all shareholder complaints other than shareholder complaints asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, for which, unless we consent by ordinary resolution to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York will be the exclusive forum. As a company incorporated in England and Wales, the choice of the courts of England and Wales as our exclusive forum for resolving all shareholder complaints, other than complaints arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, allows us to more efficiently and affordably respond to such actions, and provides consistency in the application of the laws of England and Wales to such actions. 
 Similarly, we have selected the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as our exclusive forum for resolving shareholder complaints arising under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act in order to more efficiently and affordably respond to such claims. 
 This choice of forum also provides both us and our shareholders with a forum that is familiar with and regularly reviews cases involving U.S. securities law. Although we believe this choice of forum benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of U.S. securities law for the specified types of action, it may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our ordinary shares will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of the Articles, including the exclusive forum provision. However, it is possible that a court could find our forum selection provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable. The enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions (including exclusive federal forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act) in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in the Articles. Additionally, our shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Borrowing Powers 
 Subject to the Articles and the Companies Act, the board of directors may exercise all of the powers of the Company to 
 
 (a) borrow money 
 (b) indemnify and guarantee 
 (c) mortgage or charge 
 (d) create and issue debentures and other securities and 
 (e) give security either outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of the company or of any third party. 
 Capitalization of Profits 
 The directors may, if they are so authorized by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders, decide to capitalize any undivided profits of the company (whether or not they are available for distribution), or any sum standing to the credit of the company s share premium account or capital redemption reserve. The directors may also, subject to the aforementioned ordinary resolution, appropriate any sum which they so decide to capitalize to the persons who would have been entitled to it if it were distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions. 
 Limitation on Owning Securities 
 The Articles do not restrict in any way the ownership or voting of our shares by non-residents. 
 
 Uncertificated Shares 
 Subject to the Companies Act, the board of directors may permit title to shares of any class to be issued or held otherwise than by a certificate and to be transferred by means of a relevant system (i.e., the CREST System) without a certificate. 
 The board of directors may take such steps as it sees fit in relation to the evidencing of and transfer of title to uncertificated shares, any records relating to the holding of uncertificated shares and the conversion of uncertificated shares to certificated shares, or vice-versa. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

The company may by notice to the holder of an uncertificated share, require that share to be converted into certificated form. 
 The board of directors may take such other action that the board considers appropriate to achieve the sale, transfer, disposal, forfeiture, re-allotment or surrender of an uncertified share or otherwise to enforce a lien in respect of it. 
 Other Relevant Laws and Regulations 
 Takeover Code 
 We believe that, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our place of central management and control is not in the United Kingdom (or the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man) for the purposes of the jurisdictional criteria of the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (the Takeover Code ). Accordingly, we believe that we are not currently subject to the Takeover Code and, as a result, our shareholders are not currently entitled to the benefit of certain takeover offer protections provided under the Takeover Code, including the rules regarding mandatory takeover bids. 
 In the event that this changes, or if the interpretation and application of the Takeover Code by the Panel on Takeovers and Mergers (the Takeover Panel ), changes (including changes to the way in which the Takeover Panel assesses the application of the Takeover Code to English companies whose shares are listed outside of the United Kingdom), the Takeover Code may apply to us in the future. 
 Mandatory bid 
 The Takeover Code provides a framework within which takeovers of companies subject to it are conducted. In particular, the Takeover Code contains certain rules in respect of mandatory offers. Under the Takeover Code, where 
 
 any person, together with persons acting in concert with him, acquires, whether by a series of transactions over a period of time or not, an interest in shares which (taken together with shares in which he is already interested, and in which persons acting in concert with him are interested) carry 30 or more of the voting rights of a company or 
 any person who, together with persons acting in concert with him, is interested in shares which in the aggregate carry not less than 30 of the voting rights of a company but does not hold shares carrying more than 50 of such voting rights and such person, or any person acting in concert with him, acquires an interest in any other shares which increases the percentage of shares carrying voting rights in which he is interested 
 such person shall, except in limited circumstances, be obliged to extend offers, on the basis set out in Rules 9.3, 9.4 and 9.5 of the Takeover Code, to the holders of any class of equity share capital, whether voting or non-voting, and also to the holders of any other class of transferable securities carrying voting rights. Offers for different classes of equity share capital must be comparable the Takeover Panel should be consulted in advance in such cases. 
 
 An offer under Rule 9 of the Takeover Code must be in cash and at the highest price paid for any interest in the shares by the person required to make an offer or any person acting in concert with him during the 12 months prior to the announcement of the offer. 
 Under the Takeover Code, persons acting in concert comprises persons who pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal or informal and whether or not in writing) actively cooperate, through the acquisition by them of an interest in shares in a company, to obtain or consolidate control of the company. Control means holding, or aggregate holdings, of an interest in shares carrying 30 or more of the voting rights of the company, irrespective of whether the holding or holdings give de facto control. 
 Squeeze-Out 
 Under sections 979 to 982 of the Companies Act, if an offeror were to acquire, or unconditionally contract to acquire, not less than 90 of the ordinary shares of the company, it could then compulsorily acquire the remaining 10 . It would do so by sending a notice to outstanding shareholders telling them that it will compulsorily acquire their shares, provided that no such notice may be served after the end of (a) the period of three months beginning with the day after the last day on which the offer can be accepted or (b) if earlier, and the offer is not one to which section 943(1) of the Companies Act applies, the period of six months beginning with the date of the offer. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

Six weeks following service of the notice, the offeror must send a copy of it to the company together with the consideration for the ordinary shares to which the notice relates, and an instrument of transfer executed on behalf of the outstanding shareholder(s) by a person appointed by the offeror. 
 The company will hold the consideration on trust for the outstanding shareholders. 
 Sell-out 
 Sections 983 to 985 of the Companies Act also give minority shareholders in the company a right to be bought out in certain circumstances by an offeror who has made a takeover offer. If a takeover offer relating to all the ordinary shares of the Company is made at any time before the end of the period within which the offer could be accepted and the offeror held or had agreed to acquire not less than 90 of the ordinary shares, any holder of shares to which the offer related who had not accepted the offer could by a written communication to the offeror require it to acquire those shares. The offeror is required to give any shareholder notice of his right to be bought out within one month of that right arising. The offeror may impose a time limit on the rights of minority shareholders to be bought out, but that period cannot end less than three months after the end of the acceptance period, or, if longer a period of three months from the date of the notice. 
 If a shareholder exercises his rights, the offeror is bound to acquire those shares on the terms of the offer or on such other terms as may be agreed. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 We have been approved to list our ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol CNTA. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar of Shares 
 Our share register will be maintained by Computershare Investor Services plc upon the closing of this offering. The share register reflects only record owners of our ordinary shares and deferred shares. Holders of our ADSs will not be treated as our shareholders and their names will therefore not be entered in our share register. The depositary, the custodian or their nominees will be the holder of the ordinary shares underlying our ADSs. Holders of our ADSs have a right to receive the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES 
 Citibank, N.A. serves as the depositary bank for the American Depositary Shares. Citibank s depositary offices are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013. ADSs represent ownership interests in securities that are on deposit with the depositary bank. ADSs may be represented by certificates that are commonly known as American Depositary Receipts or ADRs. The depositary bank typically appoints a custodian to safekeep the securities on deposit. In this case, the custodian is Citibank, N.A., London Branch, located at 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
 We have appointed Citibank as depositary bank pursuant to a deposit agreement. A copy of the deposit agreement is on file with the SEC as an exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form F-6. A copy of the deposit agreement may be obtained from the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). Please refer to Registration Number 333-256385 when retrieving such copy. 
 The following is a summary description of the material terms of the ADSs and of the material rights of owners of ADSs. Please remember that summaries by their nature lack the precision of the information summarized and that the rights and obligations of an owner of ADSs will be determined by reference to the terms of the deposit agreement and not by this summary. We urge you to review the deposit agreement in its entirety. The portions of this summary description that are italicized describe matters that may be relevant to the ownership of ADSs but that may not be contained in the deposit agreement. 
 Each ADS represents the right to receive, and to exercise the beneficial ownership interests in, one ordinary share that is on deposit with the depositary bank and or custodian. An ADS also represents the right to receive, and to exercise the beneficial interests in, any other property received by the depositary bank or the custodian on behalf of the owner of the ADS but that has not been distributed to the owners of ADSs because of legal restrictions or practical considerations. We and the depositary bank may agree to change the ADS-to-Share ratio by amending the deposit agreement. This amendment may give rise to, or change, the depositary fees payable by ADS owners. The custodian, the depositary bank and their respective nominees will hold all deposited property for the benefit of the 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

holders and beneficial owners of ADSs. The deposited property does not constitute the proprietary assets of the depositary bank, the custodian or their nominees. Beneficial ownership in the deposited property will under the terms of the deposit agreement be vested in the beneficial owners of the ADSs. The depositary bank, the custodian and their respective nominees will be the record holders of the deposited property represented by the ADSs for the benefit of the holders and beneficial owners of the corresponding ADSs. A beneficial owner of ADSs may or may not be the holder of ADSs. Beneficial owners of ADSs will be able to receive, and to exercise beneficial ownership interests in, the deposited property only through the registered holders of the ADSs, the registered holders of the ADSs (on behalf of the applicable ADS owners) only through the depositary bank, and the depositary bank (on behalf of the owners of the corresponding ADSs) directly, or indirectly, through the custodian or their respective nominees, in each case upon the terms of the deposit agreement. 
 Owners of the Company s ADSs will become a party to the deposit agreement and therefore will be bound to its terms and to the terms of any ADR that represents such ADSs. The deposit agreement and the ADR specify our rights and obligations as well as the rights and obligations of owners of ADSs and those of the depositary bank. ADS holders appoint the depositary bank to act on their behalf in certain circumstances. The deposit agreement and the ADRs are governed by New York law. However, our obligations to the holders of ordinary shares will continue to be governed by the laws of England and Wales, which may be different from the laws in the United States. 
 In addition, applicable laws and regulations may require holders of ADSs to satisfy reporting requirements and obtain regulatory approvals in certain circumstances. holders of ADSs are solely responsible for complying with such reporting requirements and obtaining such approvals. Neither the depositary bank, the custodian, us or any of their or our respective agents or affiliates shall be required to take any actions whatsoever on behalf of holders of ADSs to satisfy such reporting requirements or obtain such regulatory approvals under applicable laws and regulations. 
 Owners of ADSs, will not be treated as one of our shareholders and will not have direct shareholder rights. The depositary bank will hold, on the ADS holders behalf, the shareholder rights attached to the ordinary shares underlying such ADSs. Owners of ADSs will be able to exercise the shareholders rights for the ordinary shares represented by such ADSs through the depositary bank only to the extent contemplated in the deposit agreement. To exercise any shareholder rights not contemplated in the deposit agreement a holder of ADSs will, as an ADS owner, need to arrange for the cancellation of such ADSs and become a direct shareholder. 
 The manner in which ADSs are owned (e.g., in a brokerage account vs. as registered holder, or as holder of certificated vs. uncertificated ADSs) may affect the rights and obligations, and the manner in which, and extent to which, the depositary bank s services are made available to the holder of ADSs. Owners of ADSs may hold their ADSs either by means of an ADR registered in their name, through a brokerage or safekeeping account, or through an account established by the depositary bank in their name reflecting the registration of uncertificated ADSs directly on the books of the depositary bank (commonly referred to as the direct registration system or DRS ). The direct registration system reflects the uncertificated (book-entry) registration of ownership of ADSs by the depositary bank. Under the direct registration system, ownership of ADSs is evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary bank to the holders of the ADSs. The direct registration system includes automated transfers between the depositary bank and The Depository Trust Company DTC ), the central book-entry clearing and settlement system for equity securities in the United States. If an ADS owner decides to hold their ADSs through their brokerage or safekeeping account, such holder must rely on the procedures of their broker or bank to assert their rights as ADS owner. Banks and brokers typically hold securities such as the ADSs through clearing and settlement systems such as DTC. The procedures of such clearing and settlement systems may limit such holder s ability to exercise their rights as an owner of ADSs. ADS owners should consult with their broker or bank if they have any questions concerning these limitations and procedures. All ADSs held through DTC will be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC. This summary description assumes holders of ADSs have opted to own the ADSs directly by means of an ADS registered in their name and, as such, we will refer to the owner as the holder. This summary also assumes holders will own ADSs at the relevant time. 
 The registration of the ordinary shares in the name of the depositary bank or the custodian shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, vest in the depositary bank or the custodian the record ownership in the applicable ordinary shares with the beneficial ownership rights and interests in such ordinary shares being at all times vested with the beneficial owners of the ADSs representing the ordinary shares. The depositary bank or the custodian shall at all times be entitled to exercise the beneficial ownership rights in all deposited property, in each case only on behalf of the holders and beneficial owners of the ADSs representing the deposited property. 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 Holder of ADSs generally have the right to receive the distributions we make on the securities deposited with the custodian. Receipt of these distributions by an ADS holder may be limited, however, by practical considerations and 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

legal limitations. Holders of ADSs will receive such distributions under the terms of the deposit agreement in proportion to the number of ADSs held as of the specified record date, after deduction of the applicable fees, taxes and expenses. 
 Distributions of Cash 
 Whenever we make a cash distribution for the securities on deposit with the custodian, we will deposit the funds with the custodian. Upon receipt of confirmation of the deposit of the requisite funds, the depositary bank will arrange for the funds received in a currency other than U.S. dollars to be converted into U.S. dollars and for the distribution of the U.S. dollars to the holders, subject to English laws and regulations. 
 
 The conversion into U.S. dollars will take place only if practicable and if the U.S. dollars are transferable to the United States. The depositary bank will apply the same method for distributing the proceeds of the sale of any property (such as undistributed rights) held by the custodian in respect of securities on deposit. 
 The distribution of cash will be made net of the fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by holders under the terms of the deposit agreement. The depositary bank will hold any cash amounts it is unable to distribute in a non-interest bearing account for the benefit of the applicable holders and beneficial owners of ADSs until the distribution can be effected or the funds that the depositary bank holds must be escheated as unclaimed property in accordance with the laws of the relevant states of the United States. 
 Distributions of Shares 
 Whenever we make a free distribution of ordinary shares for the securities on deposit with the custodian, we will deposit the applicable number of ordinary shares with the custodian. Upon receipt of confirmation of such deposit, the depositary bank will either distribute to holders new ADSs representing the ordinary shares deposited or modify the ADS-to-ordinary-share ratio, in which case each ADS held will represent rights and interests in the additional ordinary shares so deposited. Only whole new ADSs will be distributed. Fractional entitlements will be sold and the proceeds of such sale will be distributed as in the case of a cash distribution. 
 The distribution of new ADSs or the modification of the ADS-to-ordinary-share ratio upon a distribution of ordinary shares will be made net of the fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by holders under the terms of the deposit agreement. In order to pay such taxes or governmental charges, the depositary bank may sell all or a portion of the new ordinary shares so distributed. 
 No such distribution of new ADSs will be made if it would violate a law e.g. , the U.S. securities laws) or if it is not operationally practicable. If the depositary bank does not distribute new ADSs as described above, it may sell the ordinary shares received upon the terms described in the deposit agreement and will distribute the proceeds of the sale as in the case of a distribution of cash. 
 Distributions of Rights 
 Whenever we intend to distribute rights to purchase additional ordinary shares, we will give prior notice to the depositary bank and we will assist the depositary bank in determining whether it is lawful and reasonably practicable to distribute rights to purchase additional ADSs to holders. 
 The depositary bank will establish procedures to distribute rights to purchase additional ADSs to holders and to enable such holders to exercise such rights if it is lawful and reasonably practicable to make the rights available to holders of ADSs, and if we provide all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement (such as opinions to address the lawfulness of the transaction). Holders of ADSs may have to pay fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges to subscribe for the new ADSs upon the exercise of their rights. The depositary bank is not obligated to establish procedures to facilitate the distribution and exercise by holders of rights to subscribe for new ordinary shares other than in the form of ADSs. 
 The depositary bank will not distribute the rights to an ADS holder if 
 
 We do not timely request that the rights be distributed to such holders or we request that the rights not be distributed to such holders or 
 We fail to deliver satisfactory documents to the depositary bank or 
 It is not reasonably practicable to distribute the rights. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

The depositary bank will sell the rights that are not exercised or not distributed if such sale is lawful and reasonably practicable. The proceeds of such sale will be distributed to holders as in the case of a cash distribution. If the depositary bank is unable to sell the rights, it will allow the rights to lapse. 
 
 Elective Distributions 
 Whenever we intend to distribute a dividend payable at the election of shareholders either in cash or in additional shares, we will give prior notice thereof to the depositary bank and will indicate whether we wish the elective distribution to be made available to ADS holders. In such case, we will assist the depositary bank in determining whether such distribution is lawful and reasonably practicable. 
 The depositary bank will make the election available to ADS holders only if it is reasonably practicable and if we have provided all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement. In such case, the depositary bank will establish procedures to enable ADS holders to elect to receive either cash or additional ADSs, in each case as described in the deposit agreement. 
 If the election is not made available to ADS holders, ADS holders will receive either cash or additional ADSs, depending on what a shareholder in England and Wales would receive upon failing to make an election, as more fully described in the deposit agreement. 
 Other Distributions 
 Whenever we intend to distribute property other than cash, ordinary shares or rights to subscribe for additional ordinary shares, we will notify the depositary bank in advance and will indicate whether we wish such distribution to be made to ADS holders. If so, we will assist the depositary bank in determining whether such distribution to holders is lawful and reasonably practicable. 
 If it is reasonably practicable to distribute such property to ADS holders and if we provide to the depositary bank all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement, the depositary bank will distribute the property to the holders in a manner it deems practicable. 
 The distribution will be made net of fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by holders under the terms of the deposit agreement. In order to pay such taxes and governmental charges, the depositary bank may sell all or a portion of the property received. 
 The depositary bank will not distribute the property to holders of ADSs and will sell the property if 
 
 We do not request that the property be distributed to holders of ADSs or if we request that the property not be distributed to holders of ADSs or 
 We do not deliver satisfactory documents to the depositary bank or 
 The depositary bank determines that all or a portion of the distribution to holders of ADSs is not reasonably practicable. 
 The proceeds of such a sale will be distributed to holders as in the case of a cash distribution. 
 Redemption 
 Whenever we decide to redeem any of the securities on deposit with the custodian, we will notify the depositary bank in advance. If it is practicable and if we provide all of the documentation contemplated in the deposit agreement, the depositary bank will provide notice of the redemption to the holders. 
 The custodian will be instructed to surrender the shares being redeemed against payment of the applicable redemption price. The depositary bank will convert into U.S. dollars upon the terms of the deposit agreement the redemption funds received in a currency other than U.S. dollars and will establish procedures to enable holders to receive the net proceeds from the redemption upon surrender of their ADSs to the depositary bank. ADS holders may have to pay fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges upon the redemption of their ADSs. If less than all ADSs are being redeemed, the ADSs to be retired will be selected by lot or on a pro rata basis, as the depositary bank may determine. 
 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

Changes Affecting Ordinary Shares 
 The ordinary shares held on deposit for ADSs may change from time to time. For example, there may be a change in nominal or par value, split-up, cancellation, consolidation or any other reclassification of such ordinary shares or a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation or sale of assets of the Company. 
 If any such change were to occur, the ADSs would, to the extent permitted by law and the deposit agreement, represent the right to receive the property received or exchanged in respect of the ordinary shares held on deposit. The depositary bank may in such circumstances deliver new ADSs to the holders, amend the deposit agreement, the ADRs and the applicable Registration Statement(s) on Form F-6, call for the exchange of existing ADSs for new ADSs and take any other actions that are appropriate to reflect as to the ADSs the change affecting the ordinary shares. If the depositary bank may not lawfully distribute such property to the holders of ADSs, the depositary bank may sell such property and distribute the net proceeds to such holders as in the case of a cash distribution. 
 Issuance of ADSs upon Deposit of Ordinary Shares 
 The depositary bank may create ADSs on behalf of a holder if such holder or their broker deposit ordinary shares with the custodian. The depositary bank will deliver these ADSs to the person such holder indicates only after such holder pays any applicable issuance fees and any charges and taxes payable for the transfer of the ordinary shares to the custodian. The ability for a holder to deposit ordinary shares and receive ADSs may be limited by U.S. and English legal considerations applicable at the time of deposit. 
 The issuance of ADSs may be delayed until the depositary bank or the custodian receives confirmation that all required approvals have been given and that the ordinary shares have been duly transferred to the custodian. The depositary bank will only issue ADSs in whole numbers. 
 When a holder makes a deposit of ordinary shares, such holder will be responsible for transferring good and valid title to the depositary bank. As such, such holder will be deemed to represent and warrant that 
 
 The ordinary shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable and legally obtained. 
 All preemptive (and similar) rights, if any, with respect to such ordinary shares have been validly waived or exercised. 
 The holder is duly authorized to deposit the ordinary shares. 
 The ordinary shares presented for deposit are free and clear of any lien, encumbrance, security interest, charge, mortgage or adverse claim, and are not, and the ADSs issuable upon such deposit will not be, restricted securities (as defined in the deposit agreement). 
 The ordinary shares presented for deposit have not been stripped of any rights or entitlements. 
 If any of the representations or warranties are incorrect in any way, we and the depositary bank may, at the holder s cost and expense, take any and all actions necessary to correct the consequences of the misrepresentations. 
 Transfer, Combination and Split Up of ADRs 
 ADR holders will be entitled to transfer, combine or split up their ADRs and the ADSs evidenced thereby. For transfers of ADRs, a holder will have to surrender the ADRs to be transferred to the depositary bank and also must 
 
 ensure that the surrendered ADR is properly endorsed or otherwise in proper form for transfer 
 provide such proof of identity and genuineness of signatures as the depositary bank deems appropriate 
 provide any transfer stamps required by the State of New York or the United States and 
 pay all applicable fees, charges, expenses, taxes and other government charges payable by ADR holders pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement, upon the transfer of ADRs. 
 To have ADRs either combined or split up, a holder must surrender the ADRs in question to the depositary bank with their request to have them combined or split up, and such holder must pay all applicable fees, charges and expenses payable by ADR holders, pursuant to the terms of the deposit agreement, upon a combination or split up of ADRs. 
 Withdrawal of Ordinary Shares Upon Cancellation of ADSs 
 Holders are entitled to present their ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation and then receive the corresponding number of underlying ordinary shares at the custodian s offices. the ability of a holder to withdraw the ordinary shares held in respect of the ADSs may be limited by U.S. and English law considerations applicable at the time of 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

withdrawal. In order to withdraw the ordinary shares represented by ADSs, a holder will be required to pay to the depositary bank the fees for cancellation of ADSs and any charges and taxes payable upon the transfer of the ordinary shares. Holders assume the risk for delivery of all funds and securities upon withdrawal. Once canceled, the ADSs will not have any rights under the deposit agreement. 
 The depositary bank may ask holders who hold ADSs registered in their name to provide proof of identity and genuineness of any signature and such other documents as the depositary bank may deem appropriate before it will cancel such holders ADSs. The withdrawal of the ordinary shares represented by ADSs may be delayed until the depositary bank receives satisfactory evidence of compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. The depositary bank will only accept ADSs for cancellation that represent a whole number of securities on deposit. 
 ADS holders will have the right to withdraw the securities represented by their ADSs at any time except for 
 
 Temporary delays that may arise because (i) the transfer books for the ordinary shares or ADSs are closed, or (ii) ordinary shares are immobilized on account of a shareholders meeting or a payment of dividends. 
 Obligations to pay fees, taxes and similar charges. 
 Restrictions imposed because of laws or regulations applicable to ADSs or the withdrawal of securities on deposit. 
 The deposit agreement may not be modified to impair ADS holders right to withdraw the securities represented by their ADSs except to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
 Voting Rights 
 ADS holders generally have the right under the deposit agreement to instruct the depositary bank to exercise the voting rights for the ordinary shares represented by their ADSs. The voting rights of holders of ordinary shares are described in Description of Share Capital and Articles of Association. 
 At our request, the depositary bank will distribute to ADS holders any notice of shareholders meeting received from us together with information explaining how to instruct the depositary bank to exercise the voting rights of the securities represented by ADSs. In lieu of distributing such materials, the depositary bank may distribute to holders of ADSs instructions on how to retrieve such materials upon request. 
 
 If the depositary bank timely receives voting instructions from a holder of ADSs, it will endeavor to vote the securities (in person or by proxy) represented by the holder s ADSs as follows 
 
 In the event of voting by show of hands , the depositary bank will vote (or cause the custodian to vote) all ordinary shares held on deposit at that time in accordance with the voting instructions received from a majority of holders of ADSs who provide timely voting instructions. 
 In the event of voting by poll , the depositary bank will vote (or cause the Custodian to vote) the ordinary shares held on deposit in accordance with the voting instructions received from the holders of ADSs. 
 Securities for which no voting instructions have been received will not be voted (except as otherwise contemplated in the deposit agreement). The ability of the depositary to carry out voting instructions may be limited by practical and legal limitations and the terms of the securities on deposit. We cannot assure ADS holders that they will receive voting materials in time to enable them to return voting instructions to the depositary in a timely manner. 
 Fees and Charges 
 ADS holders are will be required to pay the following fees under the terms of the deposit agreement 
 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

Service Fees Issuance of ADSs (e.g., an issuance of ADS upon a deposit of ordinary shares, upon a change in the ADS(s)-to-ordinary-share(s) ratio, or for any other reason), excluding ADS issuances as a result of distributions of shares) 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS issued Cancellation of ADSs (e.g., a cancellation of ADSs for delivery of deposited property, upon a change in the ADS(s)-to-ordinary-share(s) ratio, or for any other reason) 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS cancelled Distribution of cash dividends or other cash distributions (e.g., upon a sale of rights and other entitlements) 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS held Distribution of ADSs pursuant to (i) stock dividends or other free stock distributions, or (ii) exercise of rights to purchase additional ADSs 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS held Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase additional ADSs (e.g., upon a spin-off) 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS held ADS Services 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS held on the applicable record date(s) established by the depositary bank Registration of ADS transfers (e.g., upon a registration of the transfer of registered ownership of ADSs, upon a transfer of ADSs into DTC and vice versa , or for any other reason) 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS (or fraction thereof) transferred Conversion of ADSs of one series for ADSs of another series (e.g., upon conversion of Partial Entitlement ADSs for Full Entitlement ADSs, or upon conversion of Restricted ADSs (each as defined in the Deposit Agreement) into freely transferable ADSs, and vice versa ). 
 Up to U.S. 5 per ADS (or fraction thereof) converted 
 ADS holders are also be responsible to pay certain charges such as 
 
 taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges 
 the registration fees as may from time to time be in effect for the registration of ordinary shares on the share register and applicable to transfers of ordinary shares to or from the name of the custodian, the depositary bank or any nominees upon the making of deposits and withdrawals, respectively 
 certain cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery expenses 
 the fees, expenses, spreads, taxes and other charges of the depositary bank and or service providers (which may be a division, branch or affiliate of the depositary bank) in the conversion of foreign currency 
 the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the depositary bank in connection with compliance with exchange control regulations and other regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, ADSs and ADRs and 
 the fees, charges, costs and expenses incurred by the depositary bank, the custodian, or any nominee in connection with the ADR program. 
 ADS fees and charges for (i) the issuance of ADSs, and (ii) the cancellation of ADSs are charged to the person for whom the ADSs are issued (in the case of ADS issuances) and to the person for whom ADSs are cancelled (in the case of ADS cancellations). In the case of ADSs issued by the depositary bank into DTC, the ADS issuance and cancellation fees and charges may be deducted from distributions made through DTC, and may be charged to the DTC participant(s) receiving the ADSs being issued or the DTC participant(s) holding the ADSs being cancelled, as the case may be, on behalf of the beneficial owner(s) and will be charged by the DTC participant(s) to the account of the applicable beneficial owner(s) in accordance with the procedures and practices of the DTC participants as in effect at the time. ADS fees and charges in respect of distributions and the ADS service fee are charged to the holders as of the applicable ADS record date. In the case of distributions of cash, the amount of the applicable ADS fees and charges is deducted from the funds being distributed. In the case of (i) distributions other than cash and (ii) the ADS service fee, holders as of the ADS record date will be invoiced for the amount of the ADS fees and charges and such ADS fees and charges may be deducted from distributions made to holders of ADSs. For ADSs held 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

through DTC, the ADS fees and charges for distributions other than cash and the ADS service fee may be deducted from distributions made through DTC, and may be charged to the DTC participants in accordance with the procedures and practices prescribed by DTC and the DTC participants in turn charge the amount of such ADS fees and charges to the beneficial owners for whom they hold ADSs. In the case of (i) registration of ADS transfers, the ADS transfer fee will be payable by the ADS holder whose ADSs are being transferred or by the person to whom the ADSs are transferred, and (ii) conversion of ADSs of one series for ADSs of another series, the ADS conversion fee will be payable by the holder whose ADSs are converted or by the person to whom the converted ADSs are delivered. 
 In the event of refusal to pay the depositary bank fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the deposit agreement, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary bank fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder. Certain depositary fees and charges (such as the ADS services fee) may become payable shortly after the closing of the ADS offering. Note that the fees and charges ADS holders may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by us and by the depositary bank. ADS holders will receive prior notice of such changes. The depositary bank may reimburse us for certain expenses incurred by us in respect of the ADR program, by making available a portion of the ADS fees charged in respect of the ADR program or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions as we and the depositary bank agree from time to time. 
 Amendments and Termination 
 We may agree with the depositary bank to modify the deposit agreement at any time without the consent of ADS holders. We undertake to give holders 30 days prior notice of any modifications that would materially prejudice any of their substantial rights under the deposit agreement. We will not consider to be materially prejudicial to ADS holders substantial rights any modifications or supplements that are reasonably necessary for the ADSs to be registered under the Securities Act or to be eligible for book-entry settlement, in each case without imposing or increasing the fees and charges ADS holders are required to pay. In addition, we may not be able to provide ADS holders with prior notice of any modifications or supplements that are required to accommodate compliance with applicable provisions of law. 
 ADS holders are bound by the modifications to the deposit agreement if such holder continues to hold their ADSs after the modifications to the deposit agreement become effective. The deposit agreement cannot be amended to prevent ADS holders from withdrawing the ordinary shares represented by their ADSs (except as permitted by law). 
 We have the right to direct the depositary bank to terminate the deposit agreement. Similarly, the depositary bank may in certain circumstances on its own initiative terminate the deposit agreement. In either case, the depositary bank must give notice to the holders at least 30 days before termination. Until termination, the rights of ADS holders under the deposit agreement will be unaffected. 
 After termination, the depositary bank will continue to collect distributions received (but will not distribute any such property until an ADS holder requests the cancellation of their ADSs) and may sell the securities held on deposit. After the sale, the depositary bank will hold the proceeds from such sale and any other funds then held for the holders of ADSs in a non-interest bearing account. At that point, the depositary bank will have no further obligations to holders other than to account for the funds then held for the holders of ADSs still outstanding (after deduction of applicable fees, taxes and expenses). 
 In connection with any termination of the deposit agreement, the depositary bank may make available to owners of ADSs a means to withdraw the ordinary shares represented by ADSs and to direct the depositary of such ordinary shares into an unsponsored American depositary share program established by the depositary bank. The ability to receive unsponsored American depositary shares upon termination of the deposit agreement would be subject to satisfaction of certain U.S. regulatory requirements applicable to the creation of unsponsored American depositary shares and the payment of applicable depositary fees. 
 Books of Depositary 
 The depositary bank will maintain ADS holder records at its depositary office. ADS holders may inspect such records at such office during regular business hours but solely for the purpose of communicating with other holders in the interest of business matters relating to the ADSs and the deposit agreement. 
 The depositary bank will maintain in New York facilities to record and process the issuance, cancellation, combination, split-up and transfer of ADSs. These facilities may be closed from time to time, to the extent not prohibited by law. 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

Limitations on Obligations and Liabilities 
 The deposit agreement limits our obligations and the depositary bank s obligations to holders of ADSs. Please note the following 
 
 We and the depositary bank are obligated only to take the actions specifically stated in the deposit agreement without negligence or bad faith. 
 The depositary bank disclaims any liability for any failure to carry out voting instructions, for any manner in which a vote is cast or for the effect of any vote, provided it acts in good faith and in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. 
 The depositary bank disclaims any liability for any failure to determine the lawfulness or practicality of any action, for the content of any document forwarded to a holder of ADSs on our behalf or for the accuracy of any translation of such a document, for the investment risks associated with investing in ordinary shares, for the validity or worth of the ordinary shares, for any tax consequences that result from the ownership of ADSs, for the credit-worthiness of any third party, for allowing any rights to lapse under the terms of the deposit agreement, for the timeliness of any of our notices or for our failure to give notice. 
 We and the depositary bank will not be obligated to perform any act that is inconsistent with the terms of the deposit agreement. 
 We and the depositary bank disclaim any liability if we or the depositary bank are prevented or forbidden from or subject to any civil or criminal penalty or restraint on account of, or delayed in, doing or performing any act or thing required by the terms of the deposit agreement, by reason of any provision, present or future of any law or regulation, or by reason of present or future provision of any provision of our Articles of Incorporation, or any provision of or governing the securities on deposit, or by reason of any act of God or war or other circumstances beyond our control. 
 We and the depositary bank disclaim any liability by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in the deposit agreement or in our Articles of Incorporation or in any provisions of or governing the securities on deposit. 
 We and the depositary bank further disclaim any liability for any action or inaction in reliance on the advice or information received from legal counsel, accountants, any person presenting ordinary shares for deposit, any holder of ADSs or authorized representatives thereof, or any other person believed by either of us in good faith to be competent to give such advice or information. 
 We and the depositary bank also disclaim liability for the inability by a holder to benefit from any distribution, offering, right or other benefit that is made available to holders of ordinary shares but is not, under the terms of the deposit agreement, made available to holders of ADSs. 
 We and the depositary bank may rely without any liability upon any written notice, request or other document believed to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper parties. 
 We and the depositary bank also disclaim liability for any consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement. 
 No disclaimer of any Securities Act liability is intended by any provision of the deposit agreement. 
 Nothing in the deposit agreement gives rise to a partnership or joint venture, or establishes a fiduciary relationship, among us, the depositary bank and any ADS holder. 
 Nothing in the deposit agreement precludes Citibank (or its affiliates) from engaging in transactions in which parties adverse to us or the ADS owners have interests, and nothing in the deposit agreement obligates Citibank to disclose those transactions, or any information obtained in the course of those transactions, to us or to the ADS owners, or to account for any payment received as part of those transactions. 
 
 As the above limitations relate to our obligations and the depositary s obligations to ADS holders under the deposit agreement, we believe that, as a matter of construction of the clause, such limitations would likely to continue to apply to ADS holders who withdraw the ordinary shares from the ADS facility with respect to obligations or liabilities incurred under the deposit agreement before the cancellation of the ADSs and the withdrawal of the ordinary shares, and such limitations would most likely not apply to ADS holders who withdraw the ordinary shares from the ADS facility with respect to obligations or liabilities incurred after the cancellation of the ADSs and the withdrawal of the ordinary shares and not under the deposit agreement. 
 In any event, ADS holders will not be deemed, by agreeing to the terms of the deposit agreement, to have waived our or the depositary s compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In fact, ADS holders cannot waive our or the depositary s compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Taxes 
 ACTIVE 115908018.3 

ADS holders are responsible for the taxes and other governmental charges payable on the ADSs and the securities represented by the ADSs. We, the depositary bank and the custodian may deduct from any distribution the taxes and governmental charges payable by holders and may sell any and all property on deposit to pay the taxes and governmental charges payable by holders. ADS holders are liable for any deficiency if the sale proceeds do not cover the taxes that are due. 
 The depositary bank may refuse to issue ADSs, to deliver, transfer, split and combine ADRs or to release securities on deposit until all taxes and charges are paid by the applicable holder. The depositary bank and the custodian may take reasonable administrative actions to obtain tax refunds and reduced tax withholding for any distributions on behalf of the ADS holders. However, holders of ADSs may be required to provide to the depositary bank and to the custodian proof of taxpayer status and residence and such other information as the depositary bank and the custodian may require to fulfill legal obligations. Holders of ADSs are required to indemnify us, the depositary bank and the custodian for any claims with respect to taxes based on any tax benefit obtained for such holder. 
 Foreign Currency Conversion 
 The depositary bank will arrange for the conversion of all foreign currency received into U.S. dollars if such conversion is practical, and it will distribute the U.S. dollars in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement. Holders of ADSs may have to pay fees and expenses incurred in converting foreign currency, such as fees and expenses incurred in complying with currency exchange controls and other governmental requirements. 
 If the conversion of foreign currency is not practical or lawful, or if any required approvals are denied or not obtainable at a reasonable cost or within a reasonable period, the depositary bank may take the following actions in its discretion 
 
 Convert the foreign currency to the extent practical and lawful and distribute the U.S. dollars to the holders for whom the conversion and distribution is lawful and practical. 
 
 Distribute the foreign currency to holders for whom the distribution is lawful and practical. 
 
 Hold the foreign currency (without liability for interest) for the applicable holders. 
 Governing Law Waiver of Jury Trial 
 The deposit agreement, the ADRs and the ADSs will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. The rights of holders of ordinary shares (including ordinary shares represented by ADSs) is governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
 
 AS A PARTY TO THE DEPOSIT AGREEMENT, HOLDERS OF ADSs IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THE DEPOSIT AGREEMENT OR THE ADRs AGAINST US AND OR THE DEPOSITARY BANK. 
 The deposit agreement provides that, to the extent permitted by law, ADS holders waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary arising out of or relating to our ordinary shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement, including any claim under U.S. federal securities laws. If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was enforceable in the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance with applicable case law. However, holders of ADSs will not be deemed, by agreeing to the terms of the deposit agreement, to have waived our or the depositary s compliance with U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ACTIVE 115908018.3 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 ex1021oberland2ndamendment.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 Exhibit 10.21 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 
 NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment No. 2 to the Note Purchase Agreement (as defined below) (this Amendment is entered into by and among Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc, a public company incorporated under the laws of England & Wales Issuer ), the undersigned Guarantors (together with Issuer, the Obligors ), Three Peaks Capital Solutions Aggregator Fund Purchaser and Cocoon SA LLC, as agent for the Purchasers Purchaser Agent ), effective as of November 7, 2022. 
 Reference is hereby made to the Note Purchase Agreement by and among Issuer, the other Obligors from time to time party thereto, the Purchasers from time to time party thereto and Purchaser Agent, dated effective as of October 1, 2021 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement and Waiver dated as of February 11, 2022 and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Note Purchase Agreement ). Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings set forth in the Note Purchase Agreement. The Obligors, Purchaser and Purchaser Agent are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 WHEREAS , with respect to any Asset Sale Repurchase Event, Section 2.2(c) of the Note Purchase Agreement permits Required Purchasers to require Issuer to pay in cash an amount equal to the Applicable Redemption Percentage of Excess Net Proceeds after giving effect to such Asset Sale Repurchase Event to repurchase all or a portion of the Notes and prepay the Obligations in connection with all or such portion, as applicable, of the Notes 
 WHEREAS , Excess Net Proceeds includes contingent or non-guaranteed consideration in respect of Asset Sale Repurchase Events 
 WHEREAS , with respect to contemplated Asset Sale Repurchase Events involving PearlRiver Bio GmbH, Pega-One SAS and Janpix Limited, Issuer has requested that Required Purchasers modify the requirements of Section 2.2(c) solely with respect to contingent and non-guaranteed consideration 
 WHEREAS , without waiving or altering any previously-agreed conditions, requirements, or representations made in any prior agreement between the Parties, the Parties wish to amend the Note Purchase Agreement pursuant to Section 13.6 thereof, as more fully set forth in this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto intending to be legally bound do hereby agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to Note Purchase Agreement . Subject to Section 3 of this Amendment, the Parties hereto agree to amend the Note Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1.1 Section 2.2(c) is amended by adding the following sentence to the end thereof 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything to the contrary herein, in the event of any Specified Disposition the Required Purchasers shall be deemed to have exercised their right set forth in the second sentence of this Section 2.2(c) with respect to such Specified Disposition without providing the notice described in the third sentence of this Section 2.2(c) or taking any other action. 
 1.2 Section 2.3(f) is amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 
 (f) Debit of Accounts. Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser may debit (or ACH) the Designated Deposit Account or Designated U.S. Deposit Account, or, to the extent adequate funds are not available in the Designated Deposit Account and Designated U.S. Deposit Account, any other Deposit Account maintained by Issuer or any of its 
 274996165 v17 

Subsidiaries, including for principal and interest payments or any other amounts Issuer owes the Purchasers under the Note Documents when due. Any such debits (or ACH activity) shall not constitute a set off. 
 
 1.3 Section 3.7(h) of the Note Purchase Agreement is deleted in its entirety. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the amendment set forth in this Section 1.3 shall be deemed effective as of September 30, 2022. 
 1.4 Section 3.9 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by replacing Designated Deposit Account with Designated U.S. Deposit Account therein. 
 1.5 Section 6.6(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 (a) Maintain all of Obligors Collateral Accounts in accounts which are subject to a Control Agreement and ACH authorization in favor of Purchaser Agent or other appropriate instrument with respect to such Collateral Account to perfect Purchaser Agent s Lien in such Collateral Account in accordance with the terms under this Agreement or other Note Documents, which in case of a Collateral Account maintained in the Federal Republic of Germany or United Kingdom includes the respective bank s or financial institution s acknowledgement of the notice receipt (including a waiver of several rights as set out in the Note Documents) provided, that notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Collateral Account of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries shall be maintained in the Federal Republic of Germany on or after June 30, 2023. At all times on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, (i) maintain the combined cash balance in the Designated Deposit Account and the Designated U.S. Deposit Account in an amount equal to or greater than the Specified Operating Balance and (ii) refrain from making any transfers out of the Designated U.S. Deposit Account other than Specified Transfers. Issuer shall at all times provide Purchaser Agent with read-only online access to all of Obligors Collateral Accounts, and to any successor Collateral Accounts, as applicable. Issuer shall provide Purchaser Agent with account balance reports demonstrating a combined balance in the Designated Deposit Account and the Designated U.S. Deposit Account not less than the Specified Operating Balance as per this Section 6.6(a) promptly (in any case within three (3) Business Days of request) as requested by Purchaser Agent from time to time. Purchaser and Purchaser Agent understand that any online access granted is access to a site managed by a third party, and as such, neither Issuer nor any other Obligor take responsibility for any third party issues with the site arising for reasons outside of Issuer s or any Obligor s control (including technical issues, bugs and viruses affecting such site) that may result in access being temporarily not available or suspended. 
 1.6 Section 6.6(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by amending and restating the first sentence thereof as follows 
 Issuer shall provide Purchaser Agent five (5) Business Days prior written notice before any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries establishes any Collateral Account at or with any Person other than the institutions identified to Purchaser Agent in any Perfection Certificate delivered by Issuer to the Purchaser Agent pursuant to this Agreement and or any institution that is party to an existing Control Agreement provided, that no Collateral Accounts may be established at or with any Person located in the Federal Republic of Germany at any time on or after the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 1.7 Section 6.6 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by adding a Section 6.6(e) at the end of such Section as follows 
 (e) Not later than (i) thirty (30) days after the Second Amendment Effective Date, cause the balance of the Designated U.S. Deposit Account to be at least 70,000,000 and (ii) each of the Second Purchase Date and the Third Purchase Date, cause the balance of 
 2 
 274996165 v17 

the Designated U.S. Deposit Account to be at least 93 of the principal amount of the Notes that have been issued hereunder. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement and whether or not a Default or Event of Default has occurred and or is continuing, at any time after the thirtieth (30 th day following the Second Amendment Effective Date that (x) the balance of the Designated U.S. Deposit Account does not equal or exceed the Specified Operating Balance or (y) a notice is given of a Specified Transfer that would, if made, cause the balance in the Designated U.S. Deposit Account to fall below the Specified Operating Balance, Purchaser Agent may, and at the written direction of Required Purchasers shall, without notice or demand, place a hold or deliver a notice of exclusive control, entitlement order, or other directions or instructions pursuant to the Control Agreement in respect of the Designated U.S. Deposit Acco unt. 
 1.8 Section 7.6 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety as follows 
 Maintenance and Establishment of Collateral Accounts. Maintain or establish any Collateral Account except pursuant to the terms of Section 6.6 hereof. 
 1.9 Section 15.1 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by deleting the definition of First Amendment Effective Date. 
 1.10 Section 15.1 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by amending and restating the following definitions in their entirety 
 Designated U.S. Deposit Account means Issuer s Deposit or Securities Account, account number 31320226, maintained with Citibank, N.A., and any successor Deposit or Securities Account designated by Issuer as such by written notice to Purchaser Agent provided that the Designated Deposit Account shall be (a) located in the United States, (b) held with a financial institution that meets the requirements set forth in clause (iii) of the definition of Cash Equivalents , and (c) at all times subject to a Control Agreement and an ACH authorization in favor of Purchaser Agent. 
 Excess Net Proceeds means, as of any date of determination, the result of (i) the aggregate Net Proceeds (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, amounts received, amounts payable on a contingent or non-contingent or guaranteed or non-guaranteed basis and amounts estimated in good faith by the Obligors to be received as reimbursement for research and development expenses) from all Asset Sale Repurchase Event(s) on or after the Effective Date, minus (ii) One Hundred Million Dollars 100,000,000) provided that any Net Proceeds from Specified Dispositions that (A) are contingent upon the occurrence of one or more milestones or other conditions shall not constitute Net Proceeds for purposes of this definition until the applicable conditions to the payment of such Net Proceeds have been met, and (B) are royalties in respect of sales of the Subject Products shall not constitute Net Proceeds for purposes of this definition until paid to the Issuer or any Subsidiary, and, in the case of the preceding clauses (A) and (B), such Net Proceeds from Specified Dispositions shall thereafter constitute Excess Net Proceeds irrespective of, and without reduction by, the amount set forth in clause (ii) of this definition. 
 Specified Operating Balance means, as of any date of determination, the amount equal to 90 of the principal amount of the Notes that have been issued hereunder. 
 1.11 Section 15.1 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by adding the following definitions in appropriate alphabetical order 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means November 7, 2022. 
 3 
 274996165 v17 

Specified Disposition means any Asset Sale Repurchase Event involving the Transfer of (i) assets related exclusively to, and useful exclusively for, any Subject Product or (ii) all of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary the sole assets of which are related exclusively to, and useful exclusively for, any Subject Product. 
 Specified Transfer means a transfer of cash from the Designated U.S. Deposit Account to the Designated Deposit Account, which transfer meets the following requirements (a) Purchaser Agent shall have received at least 10 days advance notice of such Specified Transfer (including the amount thereof), which such notice may only be given after the thirtieth (30 th day following the Second Amendment Effective Date (b) immediately prior to the notice of such transfer in accordance with the preceding clause (a) and at all times thereafter until the date of such Specified Transfer, and immediately after such Specified Transfer, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (c) no more than one Specified Transfer may be made during any consecutive 30-day period and (d) the amount of such Specified Transfer does not exceed 2,000,000. 
 Subject Products mean the following Included Products imgatuzumab, dual-STAT3 5 and EGFR Exon20 C797S. 
 1.12 Section 15.1 of the Note Purchase Agreement is amended by deleting the definition of Specified Repurchase Trigger Date in its entirety. 
 2. Conditions to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 1.1 Purchaser Agent shall have received this Amendment, duly executed by Issuer, the other Obligors, Purchaser Agent, the Required Purchasers and each affected Purchaser as required by Section 13.6 of the Note Purchase Agreement 
 1.2 All written certificates and written statements heretofore furnished to Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser by or on behalf of any Obligor for purposes of or in connection with this Amendment or any transaction contemplated hereby do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (it being recognized that the projections and forecasts provided by Issuer in good faith and based upon reasonable assumptions are not viewed as facts and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections and forecasts may differ from the projected or forecasted results) 
 1.3 Each of the representations and warranties in Article V of the Note Purchase Agreement shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof provided, however, that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof and provided further that those representations and warranties expressly referring to a specific date shall be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of such date 
 1.4 Assuming the amendments to the Note Purchase Agreement specified in Section 1 of this Amendment had been effected, no Event of Default or Default under any of the Note Documents shall have occurred and be continuing, on or prior to the effective date of this Amendment 
 1.5 The Obligors shall have delivered such other documents, information, certificates, records, permits, and filings as Purchaser Agent may have reasonably requested prior to the date hereof and 
 1.6 Issuer shall have paid to Purchaser Agent or as directed by Purchaser Agent all Reimbursable Expenses for documentation and negotiation of this Amendment, or 
 4 
 274996165 v17 

otherwise submitted in writing for reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.5 of the Note Purchase Agreement, subject to the applicable payee having provided to Issuer customary documentation required by Issuer in order to make such payment, provided that Issuer agrees such documentation has already been provided to Issuer by Purchaser Agent s U.S. counsel. 
 3. Post-Closing Covenant. On or prior to June 30, 2023, Issuer shall deliver to Purchaser Agent evidence satisfactory to Purchaser Agent in its sole discretion that the French Subsidiary and all Subsidiaries organized in the Federal Republic of Germany shall have been (x) Transferred in an Asset Sale Repurchase Event, (y) merged, consolidated, liquidated or dissolved into an Obligor established in the United States or England and Wales or (z) placed irrevocably into a statutory liquidation that upon completion will result in the liquidation, as applicable, of the French Subsidiary and all Subsidiaries organized in the Federal Republic of Germany, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties hereby agree that from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date all Subsidiaries organized in the Federal Republic of Germany are Limited Guarantors. Any violation of this Section 3 will result in an immediate and incurable Event of Default. 
 4. Release of Claims . 
 1.1 Each of the Obligors hereby absolutely and unconditionally releases and forever discharges Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser, and any and all participants, parent corporations, subsidiary corporations, affiliated corporations, insurers, indemnitors, successors and assigns thereof, together with all of the present and former directors, officers, agents, attorneys and employees of any of the foregoing (each, a Releasee and collectively, the Releasees ), from any and all claims, demands or causes of action of any kind, nature or description, whether arising in law or equity or upon contract or tort or under any state or federal law or otherwise (each, a Claim and collectively, the Claims ), which such Obligor has had, now has or has made claim to have against any such person for or by reason of any act, omission, matter, cause or thing whatsoever arising from the beginning of time to and including the date of this Amendment, whether such claims, demands and causes of action are matured or unmatured or known or unknown. Each of the Obligors understands, acknowledges and agrees that the release set forth above may be pleaded as a full and complete defense to any Claim and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit or other proceeding which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions of such release. Each of the Obligors agrees that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered will affect in any manner the final, absolute and unconditional nature of the release set forth above. 
 1.2 Each of the Obligors hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any Claim released, remised and discharged by such Obligor pursuant to Section 4.1 above. If any Obligor violates the foregoing covenant, such Obligor, for itself and its successors and assigns, agrees to pay, in addition to such other damages as any Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation, all attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred by any Releasee as a result of such violation. 
 5. General . 
 1.1 Each of the Obligors, hereby (i) acknowledges and agrees that all of its obligations under the Note Purchase Agreement and each other Note Document and under any other document or instrument executed and delivered or furnished in connection with such Note Documents are reaffirmed and remain in full force and effect on a continuous basis, including, for the avoidance of doubt, after giving effect to this Amendment, (ii) acknowledges, agrees and reaffirms that each Lien granted by it to Purchaser Agent under the Note Documents for the ratable benefit of the Purchasers is and shall remain in full 
 5 
 274996165 v17 

force and effect after giving effect to this Amendment, (iii) agrees that the Obligations secured by the Note Document to which it is a party shall include all Obligations arising after giving effect to this Amendment and (iv) agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by the Guaranty to which it is a party shall include all Obligations arising after giving effect to this Amendment. 
 1.2 (i) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any rights, power or remedy of the Purchasers or Purchaser Agent under the Note Purchase Agreement or any other documents executed in connection with the Note Purchase Agreement or constitute a waiver of any provision of the Note Purchase Agreement or any other document executed in connection therewith and (ii) this Amendment shall not by implication, course of dealing or otherwise limit, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements in the Note Documents, in each case, except to the extent limited, modified, amended or affected by this Amendment. 
 1.3 Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the terms and provisions of the Note Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. In the event of any inconsistencies between the provisions of this Amendment and the provisions of Note Purchase Agreement or any other Note Document, the provisions of this Amendment shall govern and prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, this Amendment is a Note Document. 
 1.4 This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the state of New York, (including Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, but excluding all other choice of law and conflicts of law rules). 
 1.5 The provisions of Article X (Notices Service of Process), Article XI (Choice of Law, Venue and Jury Trial Waiver), Section 13.4 (Severability of Provisions), Section 13.6 (Amendments in Writing Integration) and Section 13.7 (Counterparts) of the Note Purchase Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference into this Amendment, mutatis mutandis . 
 SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS 

6 
 274996165 v17 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first written above. 
 
 ISSUER CENTESSA PHARMACEUTICALS PLC By s Saurabh Saha Name Saurabh Saha Title Director GUARANTORS PALLADIO BIOSCIENCES, INC. By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director CENTESSA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director CARDIOKINE, INC. By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director CARDIOKINE BIOPHARMA LLC By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director CENTESSA LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Signatures continue on following page 
 Signature Page to Amendment 
 274996165 v17 

GUARANTORS (CONT D) APCINTEX LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director CAPELLA BIOSCIENCE LTD By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director INEXIA LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director JANPIX LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director LOCKBODY THERAPEUTICS LTD By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director MORPHOGEN-IX LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director Signatures continue on following page 

Signature Page to Amendment 
 274996165 v17 

GUARANTORS (CONT D) Z FACTOR LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director OREXIA THERAPEUTICS LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director ULTRAHUMAN TWO LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director ULTRAHUMAN FOUR LIMITED By s Iqbal Hussain Name Iqbal Hussain Title Director PEARLRIVER BIO GMBH By s Gregory Weinhoff Name Gregory Weinhoff Title Authorized Signatory Signatures continue on following page 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment 
 274996165 v17 

PURCHASER AGENT COCOON SA LLC By s David Dubinsky Name David Dubinsky Title Authorized Signatory PURCHASER THREE PEAKS CAPITAL SOLUTIONS AGGREGATOR FUND By s David Dubinsky Name David Dubinsky Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment 
 274996165 v17 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.23>
 4
 ex1023drchaoemploymentagre.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

Exhibit 10.23 
 David Chao 
 5265 Sunset Drive Kansas City 
 MO 64112 USA 
 
 April 08, 2021 
 
 Re Offer of Employment 
 
 Dear David 
 
 On behalf of Centessa Pharmaceuticals, I am pleased to confirm our offer to employ you as Chief Administrative Officer. Centessa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the U.S. Subsidiary is a wholly owned subsidiary of Centessa Pharmaceuticals Limited Parent ), a U.K. corporation Parent ). The U.S. Subsidiary, Parent and their respective subsidiaries and other affiliates are collectively referred to herein as Centessa Pharmaceuticals or the Company , and the duties of the Company set forth in this Agreement may be discharged by any entity within that definition. The initial terms and conditions of your employment, should you accept this offer, are set forth below in this letter agreement (the Agreement 
 
 1. Position . As Chief Administrative Officer of the Company, you will report to the Chief Executive Officer of Parent (the CEO and have such powers and duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the CEO. The U.S. Subsidiary will maintain and distribute employment- related records. This is a full-time employment position. It is understood and agreed that, while you render services to the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activities (whether full-time or part-time), except as expressly authorized in writing by Parent s Board of Directors (the Board ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may engage in religious, charitable and other community activities so long as such activities do not interfere or conflict with your obligations to the Company. 
 
 2. Start Date . Your employment with the Company will begin on April 12, 2021 or on another date to be mutually agreed to by you and the Company. The actual first day of your employment with the Company shall be referred to herein as the Start Date . 
 
 3. Compensation and Related Matters . 
 
 a. Base Salary . The Company will pay you an initial base salary at the rate of 
 420,000 per year, payable in accordance with the Company s standard payroll schedule for its 
 U.S. executives and subject to applicable deductions and withholdings. Your base salary will be subject to periodic review and adjustments at the Company s discretion. Your base salary in effect at any given time is referred to herein as the Base Salary . 
 
 b. Annual Bonus . You will initially be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus targeted at 40 of your Base Salary and pro-rated based on your Start Date. The actual bonus amount is discretionary and will be determined by the Company. To earn an annual bonus, you must be employed by the Company as of the payment date of such bonus. Any annual bonus will be paid no later than March 15 th of the calendar year following the calendar year to which such bonus relates. 

c. Expenses . The Company will promptly reimburse you for all reasonable expenses incurred by you in performing services hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures then in effect and established by the Company for its U.S. executives. 
 d. Benefits Paid Time Off . You will be eligible, subject to the terms of the applicable plans and programs, to participate in the employee benefits and insurance programs generally made available to the Company s full-time U.S. employees. Details of such benefits programs, including mandatory employee contributions, if any, and waiting periods, if applicable, will be made available to you when such benefit(s) become available. You will be entitled to paid time off consistent with the terms of the Company s paid time off policy for its U.S. executives, as in effect from time to time. The Company reserves the right to modify, amend or cancel any of its benefits plans or programs at any time. 
 
 4. Initial Equity Award. Subject to approval of the Board, Parent shall grant to you (at your option) either a restricted stock award for a number of shares of Parent s common stock (the Restricted Shares or a stock option to purchase a number of shares of Parent s common stock (the Option equal to 0.7 of Parent s fully diluted capitalization (reflecting then outstanding capital stock and stock options) as of the date of this Agreement. The Restricted Shares or Option will be subject to the standard terms and conditions of Parent s equity incentive plan then in effect and the applicable equity award agreement (the Equity Documents ), including with respect to vesting as follows 25 of the Restricted Shares or Options shall vest on the first anniversary of the option grant date (the Vesting Commencement Date and the remainder shall vest in equal monthly installments over the thirty-six (36) months thereafter, subject to your continued employment with the Company at each such vesting date, such that the Restricted Shares or Option shall be fully vested upon the fourth (4th) anniversary of the option grant date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Documents or in any applicable option agreement or other stock-based award agreement, 100 of the unvested portion of the Restricted Shares or the Option, as applicable, as well as any future time-based equity awards that you may be granted in the Board s sole discretion, shall immediately accelerate and become fully exercisable or nonforfeitable as of the effective date of a Change in Control of Parent (as defined in Appendix A ), provided that you remain employed on the effective date of such Change in Control of Parent. 
 
 5. Location . You will be permitted to work from your home office in Missouri pending your relocation to Massachusetts, provided, however , that you will be required to regularly travel to the Company s Massachusetts office, consistent with the Company s business needs, and you may also be required to travel nationally and internationally on business as is necessary from time to time, including, without limitation, to the U.K., France and Germany. During the COVID-19 pandemic, such travel may be limited to essential travel and will be in accordance with applicable safety regulations. 
 
 6. At-Will Employment Date of Termination . At all times your employment is at will, meaning you or the Company may terminate it at any time for any or no reason, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Your last day of employment for any reason is referred to herein as the Date of Termination . In the event that you elect to end your employment other than for Good Reason, the Company requires you to provide at least 30 days advance written notice to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may unilaterally accelerate the Date of Termination, and such acceleration shall not result in a termination by the Company for purposes of this Agreement. In the interest of clarity, any 

intercompany transfer between Parent, the U.S. Subsidiary and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates shall not be deemed a termination of the employment relationship unless otherwise specified at the time of the transfer. 
 
 To the extent applicable, you shall be deemed to have resigned from all officer and board member positions that you hold with the Company or any of its respective subsidiaries and affiliates upon the termination of your employment for any reason. You shall execute any documents in reasonable form as may be requested to confirm or effectuate any such resignations. 
 
 7. Accrued Obligations . In the event of the ending of your employment for any reason, the Company shall pay you (i) your Base Salary and, if applicable, any accrued but unused vacation, through the Date of Termination, and (ii) the amount of any documented expenses properly incurred by you on behalf of the Company prior to any such termination and not yet reimbursed (the Accrued Obligations ). 
 
 8. Severance Pay and Benefits Upon a Qualifying Termination . In the event that a Qualifying Termination (as defined in Appendix A occurs, then, in addition to you being entitled to the Accrued Obligations, and subject to (i) you signing a separation agreement and release in a form and manner reasonably satisfactory to the Company, which shall include, without limitation, a general release of claims against the Company and all related persons and entities, a reaffirmation of the Continuing Obligations (as defined below), and a one year post-employment noncompetition agreement, and shall provide that if you breach the Continuing Obligations, all payments of the Severance Amount (as defined below) shall immediately cease (the Separation Agreement and Release ), (ii) the Separation Agreement and Release becoming irrevocable, all within 60 days after the Date of Termination (or such shorter period as set forth in the Separation Agreement and Release), and (iii) if so requested by the Company, you signing a U.K. settlement agreement 
 
 a. the Company shall pay you an amount equal to twelve (12) months of your Base Salary (the Severance Amount and 
 
 b. subject to your copayment of premium amounts at the applicable active employees rate and your proper election to receive benefits under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), the Company shall pay to the group health plan provider(s) or the COBRA provider a monthly payment equal to the monthly employer contribution that the Company would have made to provide health insurance to you if you had remained employed by the Company until the earliest of (A) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Date of Termination (B) your eligibility for group health plan benefits under any other employer s group health plan or (C) the cessation of your continuation rights under COBRA provided, however , that if the Company reasonably determines that it cannot pay such amounts to the group health plan provider(s) or the COBRA provider (if applicable) without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then the Company shall convert such payments to payroll payments directly to you for the time period specified above. Such payments, if to you, shall be subject to tax- related deductions and withholdings and paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 
 The amounts payable under this Section 8, to the extent taxable, shall be paid out in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practice over 12 

months commencing within 60 days after the Date of Termination provided, however , that if the 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, the Severance Amount, to the extent it qualifies as non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), shall begin to be paid in the second calendar year by the last day of such 60-day period provided, further , that the initial payment shall include a catch-up payment to cover amounts retroactive to the day immediately following the Date of Termination. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 
 If your employment ends for any reason other than a Qualifying Termination, you will be entitled to the Accrued Obligations and will not be entitled to any further compensation from the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, if your employment ends due to your death or disability, you will receive the Accrued Obligations but will not be eligible for severance pay and benefits, whether pursuant to this Section 8 or otherwise. 
 
 9. Continuing Obligations. 
 
 a. Restrictive Covenants Agreement . As a condition of your employment, you are required to enter into the Employee Confidentiality, Assignment, Nonsolicitation and Noncompetition Agreement enclosed with this Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants Agreement ). For purposes of this Agreement, the obligations in this Section 9 and those that arise in the Restrictive Covenants Agreement and any other agreement relating to confidentiality, assignment of inventions, or other restrictive covenants shall collectively be referred to as the Continuing Obligations . 
 
 b. Third Party Agreements and Rights . You hereby confirm that you are not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party which restricts your engagement in any business in any way, other than confidentiality restrictions (if any). You represent to the Company that your execution of this Agreement, your employment with the Company and the performance of your proposed duties for the Company will not violate any obligations you may have to any such previous employer or other party. In your work for the Company, you will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and you will not bring to the premises of the Company any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or other party. You agree that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if your employment ends in connection with or as a result of a former employer or third party enforcing or attempting to enforce a noncompetition obligation or other restrictive covenant against you, such termination will not constitute a Qualifying Termination for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 c. Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation . During and after your employment, you shall cooperate fully with the Company in (i) the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Company which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while you were employed by the Company, and (ii) the investigation, whether internal or external, of any matters about which the Company believes you may have knowledge or information. Your full cooperation in connection with such claims, 

actions or investigations shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to answer questions or to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Company at mutually convenient times. During and after your employment, you also shall cooperate fully with the Company in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or occurrences that transpired while you were employed by the Company. The Company shall reimburse you for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with your performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 9(c). 
 
 d. Relief . You agree that it would be difficult to measure any damages caused to the Company which might result from your breach of any of the Continuing Obligations, and that in any event money damages would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly , you agree that if you breach, or propose to breach, any portion of the Continuing Obligations, the Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other remedies that it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain any such breach without showing or proving any actual damage to the Company. 
 
 10. Section 409A 
 
 a. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of your separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, the Company determines that you are a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then to the extent any payment or benefit that you become entitled to under this Agreement or otherwise on account of your separation from service would be considered deferred compensation otherwise subject to the 20 percent additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A(a) of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such payment shall not be payable and such benefit shall not be provided until the date that is the earlier of (A) six months and one day after your separation from service, or (B) your death. If any such delayed cash payment is otherwise payable on an installment basis, the first payment shall include a catch-up payment covering amounts that would otherwise have been paid during the six-month period but for the application of this provision, and the balance of the installments shall be payable in accordance with their original schedule. 
 
 b. All in-kind benefits provided and expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall be provided by the Company or incurred by you during the time periods set forth in this Agreement. All reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event shall any reimbursement be paid after the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense was incurred. The amount of in-kind benefits provided or reimbursable expenses incurred in one taxable year shall not affect the in-kind benefits to be provided or the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses). Such right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

c. To the extent that any payment or benefit described in this Agreement constitutes non-qualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, and to the extent that such payment or benefit is payable upon the termination of your employment, then such payments or benefits shall be payable only upon your separation from service. The determination of whether and when a separation from service has occurred shall be made in accordance with the presumptions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). 
 
 d. The parties intend that this Agreement will be administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that any provision of this Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the provision shall be read in such a manner so that all payments hereunder comply with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment pursuant to this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). The parties agree that this Agreement may be amended, as reasonably requested by either party, and as may be necessary to fully comply with Section 409A of the Code and all related rules and regulations in order to preserve the payments and benefits provided hereunder without additional cost to either party. 
 
 e. The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to you or any other person if any provisions of this Agreement are determined to constitute deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code but do not satisfy an exemption from, or the conditions of, such Section. 
 
 11. Withholding Tax Effect . All forms of compensation referred to in this Agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. You hereby acknowledge that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company or the Board related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation. 
 
 12. Interpretation and Enforcement . This Agreement, together with Appendix A, the Restrictive Covenants Agreement and the Equity Documents, constitutes the complete agreement between you and the Company, contains all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersedes any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral or implied) between you and the Company . Except as expressly otherwise provided in the Equity Documents or the Restrictive Covenants Agreement, the terms of this Agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this Agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with this Agreement, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (the Disputes will be governed by Massachusetts law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute. 
 
 13. Assignment Successors and Assigns . Neither you nor the Company may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest in it, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other provided, however , that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without your consent to any affiliate or to any 

person or entity with whom the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into or to whom it transfers all or substantially all of its properties or assets provided further , that if you remain employed or become employed by the Company, the purchaser or any of their affiliates in connection with any such transaction, then you shall not be entitled to any severance payments or benefits solely as a result of such transaction. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon you and the Company, and each of your and its respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. In the event of your death after the Date of Termination but prior to the completion by the Company of all payments due to you under this Agreement, the Company shall continue such payments to your beneficiary designated in writing to the Company prior to your death (or to your estate, if you fail to make such designation). 
 
 14. Waiver Amendment . No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 
 
 15. Enforceability . If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 16. Conditions . This offer is contingent on the completion of successful reference and background checks, if so requested and as determined by the Company. As with any employee, you must submit satisfactory proof of your identity and your legal authorization to work in the United States. 
 
 17. Other Terms . The provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement and or the termination of your employment to the extent necessary to effectuate the terms contained herein. The headings and other captions in this Agreement are for convenience and reference only and shall not be used in interpreting, construing or enforcing any of the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts. When both counterparts are signed, they shall be treated together as one and the same document. PDF copies of signed counterparts shall be equally effective as originals. 
 
 Signature page follows. 

7 
 
 To accept this offer of employment, please sign and return this Agreement and the Restrictive Covenants Agreement to Saurabh Saha by April 9, 2021. We look forward to you joining the Company. 
 
 Very truly yours, 

By s Saurabh Saha 
 Name Saurabh Saha, MD, PhD 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Enclosure (Restrictive Covenants Agreement) 

I have read and accept this employment offer 

s David Chao 
 
 David Chao 
 
 4 8 2021 
 Date 

Appendix A 
 
 1. Cause shall mean (i) your dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any affiliate of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers, vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business that results in or is reasonably anticipated to result in harm to the Company (ii) your commission of (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud (iii) your failure to perform your assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the CEO, which failure continues, in the reasonable judgment of the CEO, for thirty (30) days after written notice given to you describing such failure (iv) your gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination that results in or is reasonably anticipated to result in harm to the Company, which conduct, if curable, in the reasonable judgment of the CEO, is not cured for more than thirty (30) days after written notice given to you describing such conduct (v) your violation of any material provision of any agreement(s) between you and the Company or any Company policies including, without limitation, this Agreement, agreements relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure and or assignment of inventions or policies related to ethics or workplace conduct, which violation, if curable, in the reasonable judgment of the CEO, is not cured for more than (30) days after written notice given to you describing such violation or (vi) your failure to cooperate with a bona fide internal investigation or an investigation by regulatory or law enforcement authorities, after being instructed by the CEO to cooperate, or the willful destruction or failure to preserve documents or other materials known to be relevant to such investigation or the inducement of others to fail to cooperate or to produce documents or other materials in connection with such investigation. 
 
 1. Change in Control of Parent shall mean Change in Control as that term is defined in Parent s equity incentive plan. 
 
 1. Good Reason shall mean that you have complied with the Good Reason Process (hereinafter defined) following the occurrence of any of the following events (i) a material diminution in your responsibilities, authority or duties (ii) a diminution in your Base Salary except for across-the-board salary reductions of similar magnitude based on the Company s financial performance similarly affecting all or substantially all senior management employees of the Company (iii) the material breach of this Agreement by the Company or 
 (iv) a relocation of your principal business location to a location more than seventy-five (75) miles from your current home in Missouri except a relocation to the Company headquarters in Massachusetts. 
 
 1. Good Reason Process shall mean that (i) you reasonably determine in good faith that a Good Reason condition has occurred (ii) you notify the Company in writing of the first occurrence of the Good Reason condition within 60 days of the first occurrence of such condition (iii) you cooperate in good faith with the Company s efforts, for a period not less than 30 days following such notice (the Cure Period ), to remedy the condition (iv) notwithstanding such efforts, the Good Reason condition continues to exist and (v) you terminate your employment within 60 days after the end of the Cure Period. If the Company cures the Good Reason condition during the Cure Period, Good Reason shall be deemed not to have occurred. 

1. Qualifying Termination shall mean, after the Start Date, the Company terminates your employment without Cause or you resign from your employment for Good Reason. 

7 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex211subsidiariesofregistr.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Centessa Pharmaceuticals (UK) Limited England and Wales ApcinteX Limited 
 England and Wales Z Factor Limited 
 England and Wales Morphogen-IX Limited 
 England and Wales Capella Bioscience Ltd 
 England and Wales LockBody Therapeutics Ltd 
 England and Wales Orexia Therapeutics Limited 
 England and Wales Inexia Limited 
 England and Wales Janpix Limited 
 England and Wales Centessa Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc. Delaware Centessa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Delaware Palladio Biosciences, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a20221231ex231kpmgconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-265978) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-257027 and 333-265977) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to the consolidated and combined financial statements of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc and the Centessa Predecessor Group. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a20221231exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Saurabh Saha, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 30, 2023 
 By s Saurabh Saha Saurabh Saha Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a20221231exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregory Weinhoff, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 30, 2023 
 By s Gregory Weinhoff Gregory Weinhoff 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a20221231exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 30, 2023 
 By s Saurabh Saha Saurabh Saha Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a20221231exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 30, 2023 
 By s Gregory Weinhoff Gregory Weinhoff 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cnta-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cnta-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cnta-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cnta-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cnta-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

