<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_880417_0000950170-23-008442.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27930063</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192431</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2617768</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15363942</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2577472</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6370223</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-008442.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316160538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-008442
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CSB Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				341687530
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21714
		FILM NUMBER:		23738762

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		91 NORTH CLAY ST
		CITY:			MILLERSBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44654
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3306749015

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		91 NORTH CLAY ST
		CITY:			MILLERSBURG
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44654

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CSB BANCORP INC /OH
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-008442.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 csbb-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 
 
 CSB BANCORP, INC. 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC Pink 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock as of June 30, 2022 of 38.00 per share on the OTC Stock Market, was million. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 General 
 CSB Bancorp, Inc. CSB ), is a registered financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1991. The Commercial and Savings Bank of Millersburg, Ohio (the Bank ), an Ohio banking corporation chartered in 1879, is a wholly owned subsidiary of CSB. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System, and its deposits are insured up to the maximum amount provided by law by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The primary regulators of the Bank are the Federal Reserve Board and the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions. CSB Investment Services, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company CSB Investment ), is a wholly owned subsidiary of CSB that is licensed to engage in the business of insurance in the State of Ohio. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, CSB and its subsidiaries are sometimes collectively referred to as the Company. 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which are not statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipate , estimates , may , feels , expects , believes , plans , will , would , should , could and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include: (i) projections of income or expense, earnings per share, the payment or non-payment of dividends, capital structure, and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans and objectives of the Company and of its management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. 
 Other factors not currently anticipated may also materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. There can be no assurance that future results will meet expectations. While the Company believes that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are reasonable, the reader should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. In addition, these statements speak only as of the date made. The Company does not undertake, and expressly disclaims, any obligation to update or alter any statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law. 
 The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information so long as those statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Business Overview and Lending Activities 
 CSB operates primarily through the Bank and CSB Investment Services, LLC, providing a wide range of banking, trust, financial, and brokerage services to corporate, institutional, and individual customers throughout northeast Ohio. The Bank provides retail and commercial banking services to its customers, including checking and savings accounts, time deposits, IRAs, safe deposit facilities, personal loans, commercial loans, real estate mortgage loans, installment loans, night depository facilities, brokerage, and trust services. 
 The Bank provides residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial, and consumer loans to customers located primarily in Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas, Wayne, and portions of surrounding counties in Ohio. The Bank s market area has historically exhibited relatively stable economic conditions. Economic activity slowed slightly in the fourth quarter of 2022 after growing modestly earlier in the year. Continued inflationary pressure led to households spending on necessities as opposed to discretionary items. Higher interest rates and increasing borrowing costs are also contributing to a slowing in loan demand. Reported unemployment levels in December 2022 ranged from 2.9 to 4.0 in the four primary counties served by the Bank. These levels increased from December 2021 in all four counties served by the Bank. Labor demand increased moderately in some sectors while wage pressures have eased somewhat over the past year. The local housing market continues to be strong with low inventory levels keeping home prices from declining. Construction costs remain high and higher interest rates have also contributed to slowing construction activity. 
 Certain risks are involved in providing loans, including, but not limited to, the borrowers ability and willingness to repay the debt. Before the Bank extends a new loan or renews an existing loan to a customer, these risks are assessed through a review of the borrower s past and current credit history, the collateral being used to secure the transaction, if any, and other factors. For all commercial loan relationships greater than 500,000 the Bank s internal credit department performs an annual risk rating review. In addition to this review, an independent, outside loan review firm is engaged to review a sample of watch list and adversely classified credits over 500,000 and a sample of commercial loan relationships greater than 1,000,000. The outside loan review will also assess management s current credit grades and provide commentary with regard to assigned ratings and the need for a credit to be classified as a troubled debt restructuring, as well as assess management s specific loan loss reserves for loans included in their sample that are considered to be impaired. In addition, any loan over 100,000 identified as a problem credit by management and/or the external loan review consultants is assigned to the Bank s loan watch list, has a written action plan created specifically for the loan relationship and is subject to ongoing review at least quarterly by the Bank s credit department and the assigned loan officer to ensure appropriate action is taken if deterioration continues. 
 2 
 
 Commercial loan rates are variable and fixed and include operating lines of credit and term loans made to businesses, primarily based on their ability to repay the loan from the cash flow of the business. Business assets such as equipment, accounts receivable, and inventory typically secure such loans. When the borrower is not an individual, the Bank generally obtains the personal guarantee of the business owner. These loans typically involve larger loan balances, are generally dependent on the cash flow of the business, and thus may be subject to a greater extent to adverse conditions in the general economy or in a specific industry. Management reviews the borrower s cash flows when deciding whether to grant the credit in order to evaluate whether estimated future cash flows will be adequate to service principal and interest of the new obligation in addition to existing obligations. 
 Commercial real estate loans are primarily secured by borrower-occupied business real estate and are dependent on the ability of the related business to generate adequate cash flow to service the debt. Commercial real estate loans are generally originated with a loan-to-value ratio of 80 of the lower of cost or appraised value. Commercial construction loans are secured by commercial real estate and in most cases the Bank also provides the permanent financing. The Bank monitors advances and the maximum loan to value ratio is typically limited to the lesser of 80 of cost or appraised value. Management performs much of the same analysis when deciding whether to grant a commercial real estate loan as when deciding whether to grant a commercial loan. 
 Residential real estate loans carry both fixed and variable rates and are secured by the borrower s residence. Such loans are made based on the borrower s ability to make repayment from employment and other income. Management assesses the borrower s ability and willingness to repay the debt through review of credit history and ratings, verification of employment and other income, review of debt-to-income ratios, and other measures of repayment ability. The Bank generally makes these loans in amounts of 80 or less of the value of the collateral or up to 95 of collateral value with private mortgage insurance. An appraisal from a qualified real estate appraiser or an evaluation based on comparable market values is obtained for substantially all loans secured by real estate. Residential construction loans are secured by residential real estate that generally will be occupied by the borrower upon completion. The Bank usually makes the permanent loan at the end of the construction phase. Generally, construction loans are made in amounts of 80 or less of the value of the as-completed collateral. 
 Home equity lines of credit are made to individuals and are secured by second or first mortgages on the borrower s residence. Loans are based on similar credit and appraisal criteria used for residential real estate loans; however, loans up to 90 of the value of the property may be approved for borrowers with excellent credit histories. These loans typically bear interest at variable rates and require minimum monthly payments of the accrued interest. 
 Installment loans to individuals include unsecured loans and loans secured by recreational vehicles RV s ), automobiles, and other consumer assets. Consumer loans for the purchase of new RV s and new automobiles generally do not exceed 125 of Dealer Invoice on RV s or 110 of the Manufacturer s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) of an automobile. Loans for used RV s and automobiles do not exceed 120 of the clean trade-in value as reported in the current J.D. Power used guides. Overdraft protection loans are unsecured personal lines of credit to individuals who have demonstrated good credit character with reasonably assured sources of income and satisfactory credit histories. Consumer loans generally involve more risk than residential mortgage loans because of the type and nature of collateral and, in certain types of consumer loans, absence of collateral. Since these loans are generally repaid from ordinary income of the individual or family unit, repayment may be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, ill health, or by a general decline in economic conditions. The Bank assesses the borrower s ability and willingness to repay through a review of credit history, credit ratings, debt-to-income ratios, and other measures of repayment ability. 
 While CSB s chief decision-makers monitor the revenue streams of the various financial products and services, operations are managed, and financial performance is evaluated on a Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the Company s banking operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. For a discussion of the Company s financial performance for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, see the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements found in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Employees 
 On December 31, 2022, the Company had 183 employees, 154 of which were employed on a full-time basis. CSB has no separate employees not also employed by the Bank. No employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Employees are provided benefit programs, some of which are contributory. Management considers its employee relations to be good. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. In its primary market area of Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas, Wayne and surrounding Ohio counties, the Bank competes for new deposit dollars and loans with other commercial banks, including both large regional banks and smaller community banks, as well as savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, insurance companies, brokerage firms, investment companies, private lenders, and technology-based providers of financial services (sometimes referred to as fintech companies). 
 Competition within the financial service industry continues to increase as a result of mergers between, and expansion of, financial service providers within and outside of the Company s primary market areas. In addition, securities firms and insurance companies that have elected to become financial holding companies may acquire commercial banks and other financial institutions, which can create additional competitive pressure. 
 3 
 
 Management believes the primary factors in competing for loans and deposits are interest rates, availability of services, quality of customer service, convenience, and name recognition. Some of the Company s competitors may have greater resources and as such, higher lending limits, or fewer regulatory constraints and lower cost structures, all of which may adversely affect the Company s ability to compete. 
 Investor Relations 
 The Company s website address is www.csb1.com . The Company makes available its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, free of charge on its website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company also makes available through its website, other reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including its proxy statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as the Company s Code of Ethics. References to our website in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be deemed, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website, and such information should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, the Company s filings are available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company has filed the above referenced reports. 
 Supervision and Regulation of CSB and the Bank 
 CSB and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation by federal and state regulatory agencies. The regulation of financial holding companies and their subsidiaries by bank regulatory agencies is intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the deposit insurance funds of the FDIC (the DIF ), and the banking system as a whole and not for the protection of shareholders. 
 CSB is a bank holding company that has registered with the Federal Reserve Board FRB as a financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). Pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), a qualifying bank holding company may elect to become a financial holding company and thereby affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature and not otherwise permissible for a bank holding company, if: (i) the holding company is well managed and well capitalized and (ii) each of its subsidiary banks (a) is well capitalized under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 1991 prompt corrective action provisions, (b) is well managed, and (c) has at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (the CRA ). CSB has been a financial holding company since 2005. No regulatory approval is required for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the FRB. The financial holding company and its subsidiaries must continue to meet the above-described requirements in order to continue to engage in activities that are financial in nature without being subjected to regulatory action or restriction, which could include divestiture of the subsidiary or subsidiaries. 
 GLBA defines financial in nature to include securities underwriting, dealing, and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking; and activities that the FRB has determined to be closely related to banking. CSB is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, and the regulations rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as administered by the SEC. 
 The Bank, as an Ohio state-chartered bank and member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions and the FRB. Because the FDIC insures its deposits, the Bank is also subject to certain FDIC regulations. The FDIC is an independent federal agency which insures the deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, of federally insured banks and savings associations, and safeguards the safety and soundness of the financial institution industry. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the DIF, and the Bank is subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. In addition, the Bank is subject to regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ), which was established by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended (the Dodd-Frank Act ). 
 The earnings, dividends, and other aspects of the operations and activities of CSB and the Bank are affected by state and federal laws and regulations, and by policies of various regulatory authorities. These policies include, for example, statutory maximum lending rates, requirements on maintenance of reserves against deposits, domestic monetary policies of the FRB, United States fiscal and economic policies, international currency regulations, and monetary policies, certain restrictions on relationships with many phases of the securities business, and capital adequacy, and liquidity restraints. 
 The following information describes selected federal and state statutory and regulatory provisions that have, or could have, a material impact on the Company s business. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the particular statutory or regulatory provisions contained or referenced herein. 
 Regulation of Bank Holding Companies 
 As a financial holding company, CSB s activities are subject to regulation by the FRB. CSB is subject to regular examinations by the FRB and is required to file reports and such additional information as the FRB may require. 
 The FRB has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders, and require that a bank holding company divest subsidiaries (including subsidiary banks). The FRB may initiate enforcement 
 4 
 
 actions for violations of laws and regulations, and for unsafe and unsound practices. Under FRB policies, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support those subsidiary banks. Under this policy, the FRB may require a bank holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank. 
 The BHC Act requires the prior approval of the FRB in cases where a bank holding company proposes to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any bank that is not already majority-owned by it, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or another financial or bank holding company, or merge or consolidate with any other financial or bank holding company. 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act 
 On May 25, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act was signed into law. The Regulatory Relief Act repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and eased regulations on all but the largest banks (those with consolidated assets in excess of 250 billion). Bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including CSB, are no longer subject to enhanced prudential standards. The Regulatory Relief Act also relieves bank holding companies and banks with consolidated assets of less than 100 billion, including CSB, from certain record-keeping, reporting and disclosure requirements. Certain other regulatory requirements applied only to banks with assets in excess of 50 billion and so did not apply to CSB even before the enactment of the Regulatory Relief Act. 
 
 Current Expected Credit Loss Model 
 In December 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to address regulatory treatment of credit loss allowances under the current expected loss CECL models. The rule revised the federal banking agencies regulatory capital rules to identify which credit loss allowances under the CECL model are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital and to provide banking organizations the option to phase in over three years the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the CECL model. Concurrent with the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020, as amended, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL. The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL prior to the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay. On August 26, 2020, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule that made certain technical changes to the interim final rule, including expanding the pool of eligible institutions. The bank is required to adopt the CECL model after January 1, 2023, since it is a smaller reporting company. 
 Regulatory Capital 
 The FRB adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies and state member banks, designed to absorb losses. The guidelines provide a systematic analytical framework, which makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy and incentivizes holding liquid, low-risk assets. Capital levels as measured by these standards are also used to categorize financial institutions for purposes of certain Prompt Corrective Action regulatory provisions. 
 
 In July 2013, the United States banking regulators issued new capital rules applicable to smaller banking organizations which also implement certain of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Capital Rules ). Community banking organizations, including CSB, began transitioning to the new rules on January 1, 2015. The new minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015; while a new capital conservation buffer and deductions from common equity capital phased in from January 1, 2016 through January 1, 2019, and most deductions from common equity tier 1 capital phased in from January 1, 2015 through January 1, 2019. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules include (i) a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 , (ii) a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , (iii) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0 , and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . 
 Common equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio includes common stock (plus related surplus) and retained earnings, plus limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, less the majority of certain regulatory deductions. 
 Tier 1 capital includes common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, and trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not permitted going forward), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions. 
 Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and limited amounts of the allowance for loan and lease losses, subject to new eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions. 
 The deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization s own capital instruments, and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels). 
 5 
 
 Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers in the event the Company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 composed of common equity tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5 at the beginning of the quarter. Pursuant to the FRB s Small Bank Holding Company Policy statement SBHC Policy ), as amended in September 2018, a bank holding company with assets of less than 3 billion and meeting certain other requirements is not required to comply with the consolidated capital requirements until such company exceeds 3 billion in assets or is otherwise determined by the FRB not to qualify as a small bank holding company. On December 31, 2022, CSB was deemed to be a small bank holding company under the SBHC Policy and was not required to comply with the FRB s regulatory capital requirements. The Bank, however, must comply with the new capital requirements. 
 The implementation of the Basel III Capital Rules did not have a material impact on CSB s or the Bank s capital ratios. 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 The federal banking agencies have established a system of prompt corrective action to resolve certain of the problems of undercapitalized institutions. This system is based on five capital level categories for insured depository institutions: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized , and critically undercapitalized. 
 The federal banking agencies may (or in some cases must) take certain supervisory actions depending upon a bank s capital level. For example, the banking agencies must appoint a receiver or conservator for a bank within 90 days after it becomes critically undercapitalized unless the bank s primary regulator determines, with the concurrence of the FDIC, that other action would better achieve regulatory purposes. Banking operations otherwise may be significantly affected depending on a bank s capital category. For example, a bank that is not well capitalized generally is prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market, and the holding company of any undercapitalized depository institution must guarantee, in part, specific aspects of the bank s capital plan for the plan to be acceptable. 
 In order to be well-capitalized, a bank must have a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0 , a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 , and a leverage ratio of at least 5.0 , and the bank must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met the ratio requirements in effect at that date to be deemed well-capitalized. See Note 12 Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, located in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this 10-K. Management of the Company believes the Bank also meets the capital requirements to be deemed well-capitalized under the new guidelines. 
 Deposit Insurance 
 Substantially all of the deposits of the Bank are insured up to applicable limits by the DIF, and the Bank is assessed quarterly deposit insurance premiums to maintain the DIF. Insurance premiums for each insured institution are determined based upon the institution s capital level and supervisory rating provided to the FDIC by the institution s primary federal regulator and other information deemed by the FDIC to be relevant to the risk posed to the Deposit Insurance Fund by the institution. The assessment rate is then applied to the amount of the institution s assessment base to determine the institution s insurance premium. The deposit insurance assessment base is calculated on average assets less average tangible equity. 
 The FDIC assesses a quarterly deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the insured institution and may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. The premiums fund the DIF. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has established reserve ratios. On June 30, 2019, the reserve ratios were met and the FDIC applied credits for banks with assets of less than 10 billion small bank credits beginning September 30, 2019 through the June 2020 premium payment. The FDIC rules further changed the method of determining risk-based assessment rates for established banks with less than 10 billion in assets to better ensure that banks taking on greater risks pay more for deposit insurance than banks that take on less risk. 
 6 
 
 As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of, and to require reporting by, federally insured institutions. It also may prohibit any federally insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The FDIC also has the authority to take enforcement actions against insured institutions. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the FDIC or written agreement entered into with the FDIC. 
 The management of the Bank does not know of any practice, condition, or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance. 
 Limits on Dividends and Other Payments 
 There are various legal limitations on the extent to which subsidiary banks may finance or otherwise supply funds to their parent holding of credit to, or investments in the securities of, their bank holding companies. Subsidiary banks are also subject to collateral security requirements for any loan or extension of credit permitted by such exceptions. 
 Payments of dividends by the Bank are limited by applicable state and federal laws and regulations. The ability of CSB to obtain funds for the payment of dividends and for other cash requirements is largely dependent on the amount of dividends that may be declared by the Bank. However, the FRB expects CSB to serve as a source of strength for the Bank and may require CSB to retain capital for further investment in the Bank, rather than pay dividends to CSB shareholders. Payment of dividends by the Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of its applicable regulatory authorities if they deem such dividends to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. These provisions could have the effect of limiting CSB s ability to pay dividends on its common shares. 
 FRB policy requires CSB to provide notice to the FRB in advance of the payment of a dividend to CSB s shareholders under certain circumstances and states that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Additionally, The Ohio Revised Code, restricts the amount a Bank can dividend if the total amount of all dividends, including the proposed dividend, declared by the Bank in any calendar year exceeds the total of its retained net income of that year to date, combined with its retained net income of the two preceding years, unless the dividend is approved by the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions. 
 Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations 
 Banks are subject to regular examination to ensure compliance with federal statutes and regulations applicable to their business, including consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations. The Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB, which has extensive regulatory and enforcement powers over consumer financial products and services. The CFPB has adopted numerous rules with respect to consumer protection laws, amending some existing regulations and adopting new ones, and has commenced enforcement actions. The following are just some of the consumer protection laws applicable to the Bank: 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act of 1977: imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation to fulfill the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. 

Equal Credit Opportunity Act: prohibits discrimination in any credit transaction on the basis of any of various criteria. 

Truth in Lending Act: requires that credit terms are disclosed in a manner that permits a consumer to understand and compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably. 

Fair Housing Act: makes it unlawful for a lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person on the basis of any of certain criteria. 

Home Mortgage Disclosure Act: requires financial institutions to collect data that enables regulatory agencies to determine whether the financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the communities in which they are located. 

Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act: requires that lenders provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements and prohibits abusive practices that increase borrowers costs. 

Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act: requires financial institutions to establish policies and procedures to restrict the sharing of non-public customer data with non-affiliated parties and to protect customer information from unauthorized access. 

The banking regulators also use their authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect to unfair or deceptive acts or practices by banks that may not necessarily fall within the scope of specific banking or consumer finance law. 
 Customer Privacy 
 Under the GLBA, federal banking agencies have adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These limitations require distribution of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. 
 USA Patriot Act 
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, as amended (the Patriot Act ), and related regulations require regulated financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining 
 7 
 
 identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity. 
 The Bank has established policies and procedures to be compliant with the requirements of the Patriot Act. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 The United States Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. CSB is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity. One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish several lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing Internet-based services of the financial institution. The other statement indicates that a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption, and maintenance of the financial institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the financial institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If CSB fails to observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 
 In February 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations. 
 
 In November 2021, federal banking agencies issued a final rule that became effective in May 2022 requiring banking organizations that experience a cybersecurity incident to notify certain entities. A cybersecurity incident occurs when actual or potential harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of information or an information system occurs, or there is a violation or imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures. The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator of the cybersecurity incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines a cybersecurity incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into larger incidents. This rule also requires bank service providers to notify their bank organization customers of a cybersecurity incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours. 
 
 Furthermore, once final rules are adopted, the Cyber Incident Reporting for Critical Infrastructure Act, enacted in March 2022, will require certain covered entities to report a covered cyber incident to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency CISA within 72 hours after it reasonably believes an incident has occurred. Separate reporting to CISA will also be required within 24 hours, if a ransom payment is made as a result of a ransomware attack. 
 
 State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. CSB expects this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue and is continually monitoring developments in the states in which our customers are located. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, CSB relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and to store sensitive data. CSB employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes and technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls. CSB employs a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as to report on any suspected advanced persistent threats. Notwithstanding the strength of CSB s defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures. While to date, CSB has not detected a significant compromise, significant data loss or any material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, CSB s systems and those of its customers and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that CSB could experience a significant event in the future. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. 
 Effect of Environmental Regulation 
 Compliance with federal, state, and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, has not had a material effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position of CSB or its subsidiaries. CSB believes the nature of the operations of its subsidiaries has little, if any, environmental impact. CSB, therefore, anticipates no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for its current fiscal year or for the foreseeable future. 
 8 
 
 CSB believes its primary exposure to environmental risk is through the lending activities of the Bank. In cases where management believes environmental risk potentially exists, the Bank mitigates environmental risk exposure by requiring environmental site assessments at the time of loan origination to confirm collateral quality as to commercial real estate parcels posing higher than normal potential for environmental impact, as determined by reference to present and past uses of the subject property and adjacent sites. 
 Executive and Incentive Compensation 
 Public companies will be required, once stock exchanges adopt additional listing requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by the SEC in October 2022, to adopt and implement clawback procedures policies for incentive compensation payments and to disclose the details of the procedures which allow recovery of incentive compensation that was paid on the basis of erroneous financial information necessitating an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements. This clawback policy is intended to apply to compensation paid within the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date the issuer is required to prepare a restatement a three-year look-back window of the restatement and would cover all executives (including former executives) who received incentive awards. 
 
 Future Legislation 
 Various and significant legislation affecting financial institutions and the financial industry is from time to time adopted by the U.S. Congress and state legislatures, and regulatory agencies frequently adopt or amend regulations. Such legislation and regulation may continue to change banking laws and regulations and the operating environment of CSB and its subsidiaries in substantial and unpredictable ways and could significantly increase or decrease costs of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities, or affect the competitive balance among financial institutions. The nature and extent of future legislative and regulatory changes affecting financial institutions remains very unpredictable. 
 Statistical Disclosures 
 The following schedules present, for the periods indicated, certain financial and statistical information of the Company as required under the SEC s Subpart 1400 of regulation S-K , as amended on September 11, 2020, or a specific reference as to the location of required disclosures in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A or Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and Stockholders Equity; Interest Rates and Interest Differential 
 The information set forth under the heading, Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Margin Analysis located in Item 7 MD A is incorporated by reference herein. 
 The information set forth under the heading, Rate/Volume Analysis of Changes in Income and Expense located in Item 7 MD A is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 The following is a schedule of maturities for each category of debt securities and the related weighted average yield of such securities as of December 31, 2022: 
 The weighted average yields are calculated using amortized cost of investments and are based on coupon rates for securities purchased at par value, and on effective interest rates considering amortization or accretion if securities were purchased at a premium or discount. The weighted average yield on tax-exempt obligations is presented on a tax-equivalent basis based on the Company s marginal federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 
 9 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 The following is a schedule of maturities of loans based on contract terms and assuming no amortization or prepayments, as of December 31, 2022: 

Maturing 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 One Year or Less 

One Through Five Years 

Five Through Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial 

55,120 

49,638 

22,265 

2,320 

129,343 

Commercial real estate 

3,321 

20,289 

47,884 

160,291 

231,785 

Residential real estate 

853 

12,535 

80,263 

100,474 

194,125 

Construction land development 

764 

11,413 

4,745 

38,396 

55,318 

Consumer 

702 

7,168 

8,433 

84 

16,387 

Total 

60,760 

101,043 

163,590 

301,565 

626,958 

The following is a schedule of fixed rate and variable rate loans due after one year from December 31, 2022. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Fixed Rate 

Variable Rate 

Commercial 

51,928 

22,295 

Commercial real estate 

3,016 

225,448 

Residential real estate 

49,380 

143,892 

Construction land development 

7,847 

46,707 

Consumer 

15,061 

624 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income recognized on impaired loans amounted to 50 thousand, while 73 thousand would have been recognized had the loans been performing under their contractual terms. For the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income recognized on impaired loans amounted to 147 thousand, while 265 thousand would have been recognized had the loans been performing under their contractual terms. 
 Impaired loans are comprised of commercial, commercial real estate, and residential real estate loans, and are carried at the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or at fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. A portion of the allowance for loan losses is allocated to impaired loans. 
 Smaller-balance homogeneous loans are evaluated for impairment in total. Such loans include residential first-mortgage loans secured by one to four-family residences, residential construction loans, automobile loans, home equity loans, and second-mortgage loans. These consumer loans are included in nonaccrual and past due disclosures above as well as impaired loans when they become nonperforming. Commercial loans and mortgage loans secured by other properties are evaluated individually for impairment. When analysis of borrower operating results and financial condition indicates that underlying cash flows of the borrower s business are not adequate to meet its debt service requirements, the loan is evaluated for impairment. Impaired loans or portions thereof, are charged-off when deemed uncollectible. 
 On December 31, 2022, no loans were identified for which management had serious doubts about the borrowers ability to comply with present loan repayment terms that are not included in the tables set forth above. On a monthly basis, the Company internally classifies certain loans based on various factors. On December 31, 2022, these amounts, including impaired and nonperforming loans, amounted to 16 million of substandard loans and no doubtful loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was one concentration of loans greater than 10 of total loans that is not otherwise disclosed as a category of loans in the loan portfolio table set forth above. Loans to lessors of non-residential buildings totaled 73 million, or 12 of total loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
 The following schedule presents an analysis of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans, and related ratios for the years ended December 31: 

2022 
 
 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries 

Average Loans 

Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries as a of Average Loans 

Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries 

Average Loans 

Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries as a of Average Loans 

Commercial 
 
 (177) 

129,916 

-0.14 

(4) 

148,512 

0.00 

Commercial real estate 
 
 (10) 

200,174 

0.00 

8 

185,439 

0.00 

Residential real estate 
 
 3 

180,740 

0.00 

25 

173,006 

0.01 

Construction land development 
 
 312 

61,034 

0.51 

38,695 

0.00 

Consumer 
 
 (13) 

15,946 

-0.08 

(30) 

16,940 

-0.18 

Total 
 
 115 

587,810 

0.02 

(1) 

562,592 

0.00 

10 
 
 The allowance for loan losses balance and provision charged to expense are determined by management based on periodic reviews of the loan portfolio, past loan loss experience, economic conditions, and various other circumstances subject to change over time. In making this judgment, management reviews selected large loans, as well as impaired loans, other delinquent, nonaccrual and problem loans, and loans to industries experiencing economic difficulties. The collectability of these loans is evaluated after considering current operating results and financial position of the borrower, estimated market value of collateral, guarantees and the Company s collateral position versus other creditors. Judgments, which are necessarily subjective, as to the probability of loss and amount of such loss are formed on these loans, as well as other loans taken together. 
 The following schedule is a breakdown of the allowance for loan losses allocated by type of loan and related ratios. While management s periodic analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses may allocate portions of the allowance for specific problem-loan situations, the entire allowance is available for any loan charge-offs that occur. 

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Allowance Amount 

Percentage of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans 

Allowance Amount 

Percentage of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Commercial 

1,110 

20.6 

1,240 

22.6 

Commercial real estate 

2,760 

37.0 

2,838 

35.5 

Residential real estate 

1,268 

30.9 

992 

30.6 

Construction land development 

803 

8.9 

1,380 

8.4 

Consumer 

233 

2.6 

421 

2.9 

Unallocated 

664 

747 

Total 

6,838 

100.0 

7,618 

100.0 

Deposits 
 The following is a schedule of average deposit amounts and average rates paid on each category for the periods indicated: 

Average Amounts Outstanding Year ended December 31, 

Average Rate Paid Year ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

337,759 

304,351 

N/A 

N/A 

Interest-bearing demand 

240,904 

259,111 

0.27 

0.12 

Savings deposits 

315,881 

281,888 

0.21 

0.10 

Time deposits 

118,085 

123,659 

0.86 

1.04 

Total deposits 

1,012,629 

969,009 

The Bank does not have any material deposits by foreign depositors. The total uninsured portion of all deposit accounts greater than 250 thousand was 267 million as of December 31, 2022, and 265 million as of December 31, 2021. The following is a schedule of maturities of time certificates of deposit in amounts greater than 250 thousand as of December 31, 2022: 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Three months or less 

7,611 

Over three through six months 

4,539 

Over six through twelve months 

6,365 

Over twelve months 

9,574 

Total 

28,089 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 Not applicable. 

11 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 The Bank operates sixteen banking centers as noted below: 

Location 
 
 Address 
 
 Owned 
 
 Leased 

Walnut Creek 
 
 4980 Old Pump Street, Walnut Creek, Ohio 44687 
 
 X 

Winesburg 
 
 2225 U.S. 62, Winesburg, Ohio 44690 
 
 X 

Sugarcreek 
 
 127 South Broadway, Sugarcreek, Ohio 44681 
 
 X 

Charm 
 
 4440 C.R. 70, Charm, Ohio 44617 
 
 X 

Clinton Commons 
 
 2102 Glen Drive, Millersburg, Ohio 44654 

X 

Berlin 
 
 4587 S.R. 39 Suite B, Berlin, Ohio 44610 

X 

South Clay 
 
 91 South Clay Street, Millersburg, Ohio 44654 
 
 X 

Shreve 
 
 333 West South Street, Shreve, Ohio 44676 
 
 X 

Orrville 
 
 119 West High Street, Orrville, Ohio 44667 
 
 X 

Gnadenhutten 
 
 100 South Walnut Street, Gnadenhutten, Ohio 44629 
 
 X 

New Philadelphia 
 
 635 West High Avenue, New Philadelphia, Ohio 44663 
 
 X 

North Canton 
 
 600 South Main Street, North Canton, Ohio 44720 
 
 X 

Bolivar 
 
 11113 Fairoaks Road NE, Bolivar, Ohio 44612 

X 

Wooster 
 
 350 East Liberty Street, Wooster, Ohio 44691 
 
 X 

Wooster 
 
 3562 Commerce Parkway, Wooster, Ohio 44691 
 
 X 

Operations Center 
 
 91 North Clay Street, Millersburg, Ohio 44654 
 
 X 

The Bank considers its physical properties to be in good operating condition and suitable for the purposes for which they are being used. All properties owned by the Bank are unencumbered by any mortgage or security interest and in management s opinion, are adequately insured. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 In the normal course of business, CSB is subject to pending and threatened legal actions, including claims for which material relief or damages are sought. Although CSB is not able to predict the outcome of such actions, after reviewing pending and threatened actions, management believes that the outcome of any or all such actions will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, the financial position, or shareholders equity of CSB. Further, there are no material legal proceedings in which any director, executive officer, principal shareholder, or affiliate of CSB is a party or has a material interest that is adverse to CSB or the Bank. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 12 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Information contained in the section captioned Common Stock and Shareholder Information included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is incorporated herein by reference. 
 PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares the yearly stock change and the cumulative total shareholder return on CSB s Common Shares during the five-year period ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return on the Standard and Poor s 500 Stock Index and the NASDAQ Community Bank Stock Index. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in CSB s Common Shares and in each of the indicated indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

CSBB 

100 

119 

130 

115 

128 

135 

S P 500 

100 

95 

126 

149 

192 

157 

NASDAQ Bank 

100 

85 

105 

93 

126 

117 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plan 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

102,344 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

102,344 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

102,344 

On March 2, 2021, CSB filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that its Board of Directors approved a Stock Repurchase Program authorizing the repurchase of up to 5 of CSB s common shares. Repurchases may be made periodically as market and business 
 13 
 
 conditions warrant, in the open market, through block purchases and in negotiated private transactions. The Stock Repurchase Program has no scheduled expiration date. CSB repurchased 10,448 Common Shares during 2022 and 24,326 Common Shares during 2021. 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

14 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

2022 FINANCIAL REVIEW 
 INTRODUCTION 
 CSB Bancorp, Inc. (the Company or CSB was incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1991 and is a registered financial holding company. The Company s wholly owned subsidiaries are The Commercial and Savings Bank (the Bank and CSB Investment Services, LLC. The Bank is chartered under the laws of the State of Ohio and was organized in 1879. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System, with deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and its primary regulators are the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions and the Federal Reserve Board. 
 The Company, through the Bank, provides retail and commercial banking services to its customers including checking and savings accounts, time deposits, cash management, safe deposit facilities, commercial loans, real estate mortgage loans, consumer loans, IRAs, night depository facilities, and trust and brokerage services. Its customers are located primarily in Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas, Wayne, and portions of surrounding counties in Ohio. 
 Economic activity in the Company s market area declined moderately in the fourth quarter of 2022 after solid growth earlier in the year stemming from a continued recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic economic effects of 2020. Demand for goods and services slowed during the fourth quarter 2022 with households spending more on necessities and less on discretionary items. Supply chain challenges improved during the year. Consumer spending has softened due to inflation pressures and increased interest rates. Reported unemployment levels in December 2022 ranged from 2.9 to 4.0 in the four primary counties served by the Company. These levels increased from the December 2021 range of 2.0 to 3.5 in the four counties served by the Company. Labor demand remained solid as competition for workers has put upward pressure on labor costs. The local housing market continues to be strong with extremely low inventory levels. Residential construction has declined year over year with higher interest rates as the main factor reducing demand. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are not related to historical results but are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements made by the Company herein and in future reports and statements are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those in forward-looking statements because of various risk factors as discussed in this annual report. The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims, any obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 

15 

FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The following table set forth certain selected consolidated financial information: 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Statements of income: 

Total interest income 

34,819 

29,529 

31,066 

32,461 

29,637 

Total interest expense 

2,496 

2,012 

2,913 

4,062 

2,886 

Net interest income 

32,323 

27,517 

28,153 

28,399 

26,751 

Provision (recovery) for loan losses 

(895) 

(655) 

1,650 

1,140 

1,316 

Net interest income after provision (recovery) for loan losses 

33,218 

28,172 

26,503 

27,259 

25,435 

Noninterest income 

6,711 

7,325 

6,935 

5,428 

4,758 

Noninterest expense 

23,393 

22,093 

20,342 

19,769 

18,518 

Income before income taxes 

16,536 

13,404 

13,096 

12,918 

11,675 

Income tax provision 

3,223 

2,567 

2,528 

2,504 

2,263 

Net income 

13,313 

10,837 

10,568 

10,414 

9,412 

Per share of common stock: 

Basic earnings per share 

4.91 

3.97 

3.85 

3.80 

3.43 

Diluted earnings per share 

4.91 

3.97 

3.85 

3.80 

3.43 

Dividends 

1.30 

1.22 

1.13 

1.08 

0.98 

Book value 

35.43 

35.80 

34.23 

31.17 

27.91 

Average basic common shares outstanding 

2,714,045 

2,733,126 

2,742,350 

2,742,296 

2,742,242 

Average diluted common shares outstanding 

2,714,045 

2,733,126 

2,742,350 

2,742,296 

2,742,242 

Year-end balances: 

Loans, net 

620,333 

541,536 

600,885 

544,616 

543,067 

Securities 

401,144 

311,245 

204,184 

130,721 

110,913 

Total assets 

1,159,108 

1,144,239 

1,031,632 

818,683 

731,722 

Deposits 

1,023,417 

1,002,747 

891,562 

683,546 

606,498 

Borrowings 

35,011 

39,937 

41,879 

45,219 

45,940 

Shareholders equity 

95,920 

97,315 

93,859 

85,476 

76,536 

Average balances: 

Loans, net 

580,454 

554,547 

601,419 

545,483 

529,522 

Securities 

388,827 

231,285 

129,508 

112,290 

118,511 

Total assets 

1,151,925 

1,111,808 

931,330 

765,722 

716,243 

Deposits 

1,012,629 

969,009 

788,904 

636,441 

589,646 

Borrowings 

40,218 

42,600 

48,358 

44,478 

51,014 

Shareholders equity 

94,850 

96,145 

90,247 

81,548 

73,002 

Select ratios: 

Net interest margin, FTE basis 1 

2.98 

2.63 

3.22 

3.97 

3.98 

Return on average total assets 

1.16 

0.97 

1.13 

1.36 

1.31 

Return on average shareholders equity 

14.04 

11.27 

11.71 

12.77 

12.89 

Average shareholders equity as a percent of average total assets 

8.23 

8.65 

9.69 

10.65 

10.19 

Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) as a percent of average loans 

(0.02) 

0.00 

0.06 

0.01 

0.19 

Allowance for loan losses as a percent of loans at year-end 

1.09 

1.39 

1.36 

1.27 

1.08 

Shareholders equity as a percent of total year-end assets 

8.28 

8.50 

9.10 

10.44 

10.46 

Dividend payout ratio 2 

26.48 

30.73 

29.35 

28.42 

28.57 

Net interest margin is shown on a fully taxable equivalent basis. 
 2 Dividend payout ratio is calculated as dividends declared as a percentage of net income. 

16 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Income 
 CSB s 2022 net income was 13.3 million compared to 10.8 million for 2021, an increase of 23 . Total revenue, net interest income plus noninterest income, increased 4.2 million, or 12 , over the prior year to a total of 39.0 million. The provision for loan losses decreased to a 895 thousand recovery as compared to a 655 thousand recovery for the prior year. Noninterest expense increased 1.3 million, or 6 and the provision for income tax increased 656 thousand over the prior year due to an increase in taxable income. Basic and diluted earnings per share were 4.91, up 24 from the prior year. The return on average assets was 1.16 in 2022 compared to 0.97 in 2021 and return on average equity was 14.04 in 2022 compared to 11.27 in 2021. 
 Net Interest Income 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Net interest income 

32,323 

27,517 

Taxable equivalent 1 

145 

154 

Net interest income, FTE 

32,468 

27,671 

Net interest margin 

2.97 

2.61 

Taxable equivalent adjustment 1 

0.01 

0.02 

Net interest margin, FTE 

2.98 

2.63 

Taxable equivalent adjustments have been computed assuming a 21 tax rate in 2022, and 2021 (non-GAAP). 
 Net interest income is the largest source of the Company s revenue and consists of the difference between interest income generated on earning assets and interest expense incurred on liabilities (deposits, short-term and long-term borrowings). Volumes, interest rates, composition of interest-earning assets, and interest-bearing liabilities affect net interest income. Net interest income increased 4.8 million, or 17 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was a result of a 5.3 million increase in interest income, partially offset by an increase of 484 thousand in interest expense. The FTE net interest margin increased to 2.98 from 2.63 in 2021. 
 Interest income increased 5.3 million, or 18 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase of 4.1 million, or 155 , in taxable securities interest income due to an increase in average balances of 158 million and an increase in yield of 56 basis points bps ). Interest income on interest-earning deposits mainly held at the Federal Reserve increased 1.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a 139 basis points yield increase. Interest income on loans decreased 109 thousand primarily due to a decrease of 22 basis points in yield which was partially offset by an increase in loan volume of 25 million. The decrease in yield occurred as Payckeck Prtection Program PPP loans were forgiven by the Small Business Administration SBA ), the bank recognized origination fees of 176 thousand in interest income in 2022 as compared to 2.8 million in 2021 on the forgiven PPP loans. 
 Interest expense increased 484 thousand, or 24 , in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to rate increases of 7 bps on deposits and 10 basis points on other borrowed funds. Average interest-bearing demand and savings deposit balances increased 16 million during the year as savings rates continued but at a lesser pace than the prior year as the increase in the money supply created by the government to offset pandemic economic decreases was being phased out to consumers and businesses. Average time deposit balances decreased 5.6 million, and the average interest rate decreased 18 bps. 
 
 17 
 
 The following table provides detailed analysis of changes in average balances, yield, and net interest income: 
 AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 1 

Interest 

Average Rate 2 

Average Balance 1 

Interest 

Average Rate 2 

Interest-earning assets 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks 

111,775 

1,703 

1.52 

259,789 

337 

0.13 

Securities: 

Taxable 

364,478 

6,665 

1.83 

206,077 

2,613 

1.27 

Tax exempt 4 

24,349 

553 

2.27 

25,208 

577 

2.28 

Loans 3, 4 

587,765 

26,043 

4.43 

562,592 

26,156 

4.65 

Total interest- earning assets 

1,088,367 

34,964 

3.21 

1,053,666 

29,683 

2.82 

Noninterest- earning assets 

Cash and due from banks 

20,435 

19,891 

Bank premises and equipment, net 

13,601 

13,372 

Other assets 

36,833 

32,924 

Allowance for loan losses 

(7,311) 

(8,045) 

Total assets 

1,151,925 

1,111,808 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Demand deposits 

240,904 

648 

0.27 

259,111 

317 

0.12 

Savings deposits 

315,881 

670 

0.21 

281,888 

281 

0.10 

Time deposits 

118,085 

1,017 

0.86 

123,659 

1,286 

1.04 

Borrowed funds 

40,218 

161 

0.40 

42,600 

128 

0.30 

Total interest- bearing liabilities 

715,088 

2,496 

0.35 

707,258 

2,012 

0.28 

Noninterest-bearing liabilities and shareholders equity 

Demand deposits 

337,759 

304,351 

Other liabilities 

4,228 

4,054 

Shareholders equity 

94,850 

96,145 

Total liabilities and equity 

1,151,925 

1,111,808 

Net interest income 4 

32,468 

27,671 

FTE adjustment 

(145) 

(154) 

GAAP net interest income 

32,323 

27,517 

Net interest margin FTE 

2.98 

2.63 

Net interest spread 

2.86 

2.54 

Average balances have been computed on an average daily basis. 
 Average rates have been computed based on the amortized cost of the corresponding asset or liability. 
 Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans. 
 4 Interest income is shown on a fully tax-equivalent basis (non-GAAP), reconciled to the GAAP amount at the bottom of the table. 
 
 18 
 
 The following table compares the impact of changes in average rates and changes in average volumes on net interest income: 
 RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INCOME AND EXPENSE 

2022 v. 2021 

Net Increase 

(Dollars in thousands) 

(Decrease) 

Volume 

Rate 

Increase (decrease) in interest income: 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks 

1,366 

(2,255) 

3,621 

Securities: 

Taxable 

4,052 

2,904 

1,148 

Tax exempt 2 

(24) 

(18) 

(6) 

Loans 2 

(113) 

1,115 

(1,228) 

Total interest income change 2 

5,281 

1,746 

3,535 

Increase (decrease) in interest expense: 

Demand deposits 

331 

(49) 

380 

Savings deposits 

389 

72 

317 

Time deposits 

(269) 

(48) 

(221) 

Borrowed funds 

33 

(10) 

43 

Total interest expense change 

484 

(35) 

519 

Net interest income change 2 

4,797 

1,781 

3,016 

Changes attributable to both volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated based on the absolute value of the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 2 Interest income is shown on a fully tax-equivalent basis (non-GAAP). 
 Provision (Recovery) For Loan Losses 
 The provision (recovery) for loan losses is determined by management as the amount required to bring the allowance for loan losses to a level considered appropriate to absorb probable incurred net charge-offs inherent in the loan portfolio as of period end. During 2022 a recovery of credit losses of 895 thousand was recognized compared to a 2021 recovery of credit losses of 655 thousand. The recapture of provision for loan losses for the year primarily reflects the improvement in credit quality including the reduction of impaired and adversely classified loans, as well as the improvement in economic indicators including unemployment, residential real estate prices and consumer confidence . Nonperforming loans decreased 832 thousand from 2021 to 2022. See Financial Condition Allowance for Loan Losses for additional discussion and information relative to the provision for loan losses. 
 Noninterest Income 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 

Change from 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

Amount 

2021 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

1,174 

235 

25 

939 

Trust services 

954 

(105) 

(10) 

1,059 

Debit card interchange fees 

2,105 

55 

3 

2,050 

Credit card fees 

677 

195 

40 

482 

Gain on sale of loans, including MSRs 

331 

(1,118) 

(77) 

1,449 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

674 

55 

9 

619 

Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities 

(3) 

(31) 

(111) 

28 

Other 

799 

100 

14 

699 

Total noninterest income 

6,711 

(614) 

(8) 

7,325 

Noninterest income decreased 614 thousand, or 8 , in 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Gain on sales of mortgage loans including mortgage servicing rights MSRs decreased 1.1 million due to fewer sales of real estate mortgage loans into the secondary market as many consumers took advantage of the large mortgage interest rate declines in 2021. The Bank sold 10 million in mortgage loans, including gains, in 2022 as compared to the sale of 47 million of loans in 2021. Trust service revenue decreased 105 thousand with market declines. Service charges on deposits, which are primarily customer overdraft fees, increased 235 thousand in 2022. Debit card interchange fees increased 55 thousand in 2022 compared to 2021 due to volume increases. Credit card interchange income increased 195 thousand as business credit card usage continued to increase. Earnings on bank owned life insurance increased 55 thousand. 

19 

Noninterest Expenses 

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 

Change from 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

Amount 

2021 

Salaries and employee benefits 

13,446 

847 

7 

12,599 

Occupancy expense 

1,085 

52 

5 

1,033 

Equipment expense 

781 

67 

9 

714 

Professional and director fees 

1,551 

367 

31 

1,184 

Financial institutions tax 

779 

28 

4 

751 

Marketing and public relations 

551 

90 

20 

461 

Software expense 

1,429 

87 

6 

1,342 

Debit card expense 

734 

24 

3 

710 

FDIC insurance 

345 

(133) 

(28) 

478 

Amortization of intangible assets 

(44) 

(100) 

44 

Other 

2,692 

(85) 

(3) 

2,777 

Total noninterest expenses 

23,393 

1,300 

6 

22,093 

Noninterest expense increased 1.3 million, or 6 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Salaries and employee benefits increased 847 thousand from increases in base and incentive compensation of 575 thousand. The capitalization of employee costs of loan originations increased the amount recognized in salary expense by 250 thousand in 2022, a result of decreased origination of commercial and mortgage loans. Professional and director fees increased 367 thousand primarily due to an increase in third party assistance with contracting the bank's core vendor, increase of 64 thousand in legal expenses related to loan collections, 50 thousand increase in audit and accounting fees, and 33 thousand increase in director's fees. Marketing and public relations expense increased 90 thousand, or 20 , with increasing market coverage. Software expense increased 87 thousand, or 6 , due to full-year implementation of a new mobile banking platform along with core software provider increases. Equipment expense increased 67 thousand in 2022, as compared to 2021, with increased depreciation expense and equipment maintenance contracts. Occupancy expense increased 52 thousand primarily from depreciation from branch renovations, property taxes and insurance. An increase of 28 thousand in the Ohio financial institutions tax was recognized as capital increased. Debit card expense increased 24 thousand in 2022 due to increased volume. The FDIC insurance assessment decreased 133 thousand, or 28 , with improved credit quality and increased earnings. Other expenses decreased 85 thousand, or 3 . 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes amounted to 3.2 million in 2022 as compared to 2.6 million in 2021. The slight increase in 2022 resulted from an increase in income. The corporate statutory tax rate was 21 for 2022 and 2021. The effective tax rate in 2022 and 2021 approximates 19 . 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Total assets of the Company were 1.2 billion on December 31, 2022 compared to 1.1 billion on December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 15 million, or 1 . Net loans increased 79 million, or 15 , while investment securities increased 90 million, or 29 , and total cash and cash equivalents decreased 157 million, or 65 . Deposits increased 21 million and short-term borrowings decreased 4 million, while other borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB decreased by 946 thousand, or 28 . 
 Securities 
 Total investment securities increased 90 million, or 29 , to 401 million at year-end 2022. CSB s portfolio is primarily comprised of agency mortgage-backed securities, obligations of state and political subdivisions, U.S. Treasury notes, other government agencies debt, and corporate bonds. Restricted securities consist primarily of FHLB stock. 
 The Company has no exposure to government-sponsored enterprise preferred stocks, collateralized debt obligations, or trust preferred securities. The Company s municipal bond portfolio consists of tax-exempt general obligation and revenue bonds. As of December 31, 2022, 73 of such bonds held an S P or Moody s investment grade rating, and 27 were non-rated local issues. The municipal portfolio includes a broad spectrum of counties, towns, universities, and school districts with 83 of the portfolio originating in Ohio, and 17 in Pennsylvania. Gross unrealized security losses within the portfolio were 13 of total securities on December 31, 2022, reflecting interest rate increases, not credit downgrades. 
 During December 2021, investments with an amortized cost of approximately 79 million and a fair value of 77 million were transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity as rising interest rates and a slowing of monthly cash payments were occurring. The transfer included 76 million of U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities and 3 million of U.S. Treasury notes. These bonds will still provide liquidity through pledging and for use as collateral against borrowings. No additional transfers to held to maturity were made in 2022, as bonds were assigned their held to maturity classification on their purchase date in 2022. 
 20 
 
 One of the primary functions of the securities portfolio is to provide a source of liquidity and it is structured such that maturities and cash flows provide a portion of the Company s liquidity needs and asset/liability management requirements. 
 Loans 
 Total loans increased 78 million, or 14 , during 2022 with increases in all loan categories. Volume increases were recognized as follows: commercial loans including PPP loans increased 5 million, or 4 , during 2022, with PPP loan forgiveness of 4 million offsetting the increase. Remaining PPP loan balances were 359 thousand as of December 31, 2022. Construction and land development loans increased 9 million, or 20 as several commercial projects were under construction and consumer demand slowed for 1-4 family residential construction at year end. Residential real estate loans increased 26 million, or 15 . Commercial real estate loans increased 37 million, or 19 . Commercial real estate and construction loan demand remained strong, however there was a slowing of commercial loan growth with increased competition from private lenders and excess business liquidity remaining from government stimulus programs. 
 The Company originated 69 million and 67 million of residential mortgage loans held in the portfolio, including residential construction, conventional 1-4 family, and equity line loans, which were predominately variable rate, in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in interest rates slowed consumer demand for 1-4 family fixed-rate thirty-year residential mortgages which are sold into the secondary market as the Company sold 10 million of mortgages into the secondary market in 2022 as compared to 46 million in 2021. Demand for home equity loans strengthened in 2022, with balances increasing 7 million, as consumers opted to not refinance their lower fixed-rate mortgages. Installment loans increased 300 thousand. 
 Management anticipates modest economic growth in the Company s local service areas will continue to improve. Commercial and commercial real estate loans, in aggregate, comprise approximately 58 of the total loan portfolio at year-end 2022 and 2021. Residential real estate loans remained at 31 of the portfolio in 2022 and 2021. Construction and land development loans increased to 9 of the portfolio as loan demand for commercial construction projects increased by 7 million and residential construction loans increased by 2 million, year over year. The Company is well within the respective regulatory guidelines for investment in construction, development, and investment property loans that are not owner occupied. 
 Most of the Company s lending activity is with customers primarily located within Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas and Wayne counties in Ohio. The majority of the Company s loan portfolio consists of commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans. See concentration of credit discussion included in Note 3 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 21 
 
 Nonperforming Assets, Impaired Loans, and Loans Past Due 90 Days or More 
 Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual loans, loans past due 90 days and still accruing, and other real estate acquired through or in lieu of foreclosure. Other impaired loans include certain loans internally classified as substandard or doubtful. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when they become past due 90 days or more, or when mortgage loans are past due as to principal and interest 120 days or more, unless they are both well secured and in the process of collection. 

NONPERFORMING ASSETS 

DECEMBER 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Nonaccrual loans 

Commercial 

208 

Commercial real estate 

92 

139 

Residential real estate 

99 

367 

Construction land development 

329 

Consumer 

65 

40 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 

Commercial 

5 

Total nonperforming loans 

256 

1,088 

Other real estate owned 

Other repossessed assets 

Total nonperforming assets 

256 

1,088 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans 

0.04 

0.20 

Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered by management to be adequate to cover loan losses currently anticipated based on past loss experience, general economic conditions, changes in mix and size of the loan portfolio, information about specific borrower situations, and other factors and estimates which are subject to change over time. Management periodically reviews selected large loans, delinquent and other problem loans, and selected other loans. Collectability of these loans is evaluated by considering the current financial position and performance of the borrower, estimated market value of the collateral, the Company s collateral position in relationship to other creditors, guarantees, and other potential sources of repayment. Management forms judgments, which are in part subjective, as to the probability of loss and the amount of loss on these loans as well as other loans taken together. The Company s Allowance for Loan Losses Policy includes, among other items, provisions (recoveries) for classified loans, and a provision (recovery) for the remainder of the portfolio based on historical data, including past charge-offs. 
 
 During 2022, 689 thousand in nonaccrual loans were collected, 226 thousand were charged-off, 93 thousand were returned to accrual, while 181 thousand new loans entered nonaccrual status. 

ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average total loans 

(0.02) 

Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans 

1.09 

1.39 

Allowance for loan losses to total nonacrrual loans 

26.71 
 
 x 

7.00 
 
 x 

Components of the allowance for loan losses: 

General reserves 

6,834 

7,396 

Specific reserve allocations 

4 

222 

Total allowance for loan losses 

6,838 

7,618 

The allowance for loan losses totaled 6.8 million, or 1.09 , of total loans at year-end 2022 as compared to 7.6 million, or 1.39 , of total loans at year-end 2021. The Bank had net loan recoveries of 115 thousand in 2022 compared to net loan charge-offs of 1 thousand for 2021. 
 
 The Company maintains an internal watch list on which it places loans where management s analysis of the borrower s operating results and financial condition indicates the borrower s cash flows are inadequate to meet its debt service requirements and loans where there exists an increased risk that such a shortfall may occur. Nonperforming loans, which consist of loans past due 90 days or more and nonaccrual loans, aggregated 256 thousand, or 0.04 , of loans at year-end 2022 compared to 1.1 million, or 0.20 , of loans at year-end 2021. Impaired loans were 1 million at year-end 2022 as compared to 2 million at year-end 2021. Management has assigned loss allocations to absorb the estimated losses on impaired loans. These allocations are included in the total allowance for loan losses balance. 
 22 
 
 Other Assets 
 Net premises and equipment decreased 452 thousand to 13.4 million at year-end 2022 with depreciation expense exceeding purchases. Total bank-owned life insurance increased from 24 million at year-end 2021 to 24.7 million at year-end 2022 with increasing cash surrender values. There was no other real estate owned on December 31, 2022 or 2021 . The Company recognized a net deferred tax asset of 3 million on December 31, 2022 compared to a net deferred tax asset of 325 thousand on December 31, 2021. The increase in the net deferred tax asset is a result of the increase in the gross unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities which is a result of rising interest rates during 2022. 
 Deposits 
 The Company s deposits are obtained primarily from individuals and businesses located in its market area. For deposits, the Company must compete with products offered by other financial institutions, as well as alternative investment options. Demand and savings deposits increased for the year ended 2022, at a lesser growth trajectory following the trillions of government stimulus relief pumped into the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic. Market rates on deposits and cash management products increased throughout the year as liquidity decreased in the industry. 

December 31 

Change from 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Amount 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

350,283 

334,346 

15,937 

5 

Interest-bearing demand 

241,227 

242,387 

(1,160) 

Traditional savings 

194,918 

191,836 

3,082 

2 

Money market savings 

118,908 

112,803 

6,105 

5 

Time deposits in excess of 250,000 

28,089 

26,213 

1,876 

7 

Other time deposits 

89,992 

95,162 

(5,170) 

(5) 

Total deposits 

1,023,417 

1,002,747 

20,670 

2 

Other Funding Sources 
 The Company obtains additional funds through securities sold under repurchase agreements, overnight borrowings from the FHLB or other financial institutions, and advances from the FHLB. Short-term borrowings, consisting of securities sold under repurchase agreements, decreased 4 million. Other borrowings, consisting of FHLB advances, decreased 946 thousand as the result of principal repayments. All FHLB borrowings on December 31, 2022, have long term maturities with monthly amortizing payments. 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Total shareholders equity was 95.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 97.3 million on December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a 10.8 million accumulated other comprehensive loss recognized on the available-for-sale securities portfolio resulting from increasing interest rates. Dividends were paid of 3.5 million and 388 thousand treasury stock was repurchased in 2022, which was partially offset by net income of 13.3 million. The Board of Directors approved a Stock Repurchase Program on February 26, 2021, allowing the repurchase of up to 5 of the Company s then-outstanding common shares. Repurchased shares are to be held as treasury stock and are available for general corporate purposes. On December 31, 2022, approximately 102 thousand shares could still be repurchased under the current authorized program. Shares repurchased during 2022 totaled 10,448 shares for 388 thousand and shares purchased in 2021 totaled 24,326 shares for 939 thousand. 
 Effective January 1, 2015, the Federal Reserve adopted final rules implementing Basel III and regulatory capital changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The rules apply to both the Company and the Bank. The rules established minimum risk-based and leverage capital requirements for all banking organizations. The rules include: (a) a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 , (b) a tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.0 , (c) a minimum total capital ratio of at least 8.0 , and (d) a minimum leverage ratio of 4 . Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. The rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5 composed of common equity tier 1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The Company and Bank s actual and required capital amounts are disclosed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Dividends paid by the Bank to CSB are the primary source of funds available to the Company for payment of dividends to shareholders and for other working capital needs. The payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company is subject to restrictions by regulatory authorities, which generally limit dividends to current year net income and the prior two (2) years net retained earnings, as defined by regulation. In addition, dividend payments generally cannot reduce regulatory capital levels below the minimum regulatory guidelines discussed above. 
 
 23 

LIQUIDITY 

December 31 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Change from 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

86,420 

243,657 

(157,237) 

Unused lines of credit 

122,062 

107,054 

15,008 

Unpledged AFS securities at fair market value 

134,401 

108,158 

26,243 

342,883 

458,869 

(115,986) 

Net deposits and short-term liabilities 

1,041,016 

1,016,821 

24,195 

Liquidity ratio 

32.9 

47.6 

Minimum board approved liquidity ratio 

20.0 

20.0 

Liquidity refers to the Company s ability to generate sufficient cash to fund current loan demand, meet deposit withdrawals, pay operating expenses, and meet other obligations. Liquidity is monitored by CSB s Asset Liability Committee. The Company was within all Board-approved limits on December 31, 2022, and 2021. Additional sources of liquidity include net income, loan repayments, the availability of borrowings, and adjustments of interest rates to attract deposit accounts. 
 As summarized in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the most significant investing activities for the Company in 2022 included net loan originations of 78 million and securities purchases of 144 million, offset by maturities and repayment of securities totaling 38 million. The Company s financing activities included a 21 million increase in deposits, 4 million in cash dividends paid, and a 4 million decrease in short-term borrowings. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The most significant market risk the Company is exposed to is interest rate risk. The business of the Company and the composition of its balance sheet consist of investments in interest-earning assets (primarily loans and securities), which are funded by interest-bearing liabilities (deposits and borrowings). These financial instruments have varying levels of sensitivity to changes in the market rates of interest, resulting in market risk. None of the Company s financial instruments are held for trading purposes. 
 The Board of Directors establishes policies and operating limits with respect to interest rate risk. The Company manages interest rate risk regularly through its Asset Liability Committee. The Committee meets periodically to review various asset and liability management information including, but not limited to, the Company s liquidity position, projected sources and uses of funds, interest rate risk position, and economic conditions. 
 Interest rate risk is monitored primarily through the use of an earnings simulation model. The model is highly dependent on various assumptions, which change regularly as the balance sheet and market interest rates change. The earnings simulation model projects change in net interest income resulting from the effect of changes in interest rates. The analysis is performed quarterly over a twenty-four-month horizon. The analysis includes two (2) balance sheet models, one based on a static balance sheet and one on a dynamic balance sheet with projected growth in assets and liabilities. This analysis is performed by estimating the expected cash flows of the Company s financial instruments using interest rates in effect at year-end 2022 and 2021. Interest rate risk policy limits are tested by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income over a two-year period. The tests assume quarterly ramped increases and decreases in market interest rates over twenty-four month hoizons, as compared to a stable rate environment or base model. The following table reflects the change to net interest income using a dynamic balance sheet for the first twelve-month periods of the twenty-four month horizon. 
 
 Net Interest Income at Risk 
 24 

December 31, 2022 

Change In Interest Rates (Basis Points) 

Net Interest Income 

Dollar Change 

Percentage Change 

Board Policy Limits 

(Dollars in thousands) 

+ 400 

38,810 

1,090 

2.9 

25 

+ 300 

38,581 

861 

2.3 

15 

+ 200 

38,302 

582 

1.5 

10 

+ 100 

38,003 

283 

0.8 

5 

0 

37,720 

100 

37,368 

(352) 

(0.9) 
 
 5 

200 

36,869 

(851) 

(2.3) 
 
 10 

300 

35,973 

(1,747) 

(4.6) 
 
 15 

400 

35,519 

(2,201) 

(5.8) 
 
 25 

December 31, 2021 

+ 400 

28,632 

1,499 

5.5 

25 

+ 300 

28,283 

1,150 

4.2 

15 

+ 200 

27,924 

791 

2.9 

10 

+ 100 

27,523 

390 

1.4 

5 

0 

27,133 

100 

26,504 

(629) 

(2.3) 
 
 5 

200 

25,714 

(1,419) 

(5.2) 
 
 10 

Management reviews Net Interest Income at Risk with the Board on a periodic basis. The Company was within all Board-approved limits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the first twelve-month periods of the twenty-four month horizon. 
 Economic Value of Equity at Risk 

December 31, 2022 

Change In Interest Rates (Basis Points) 
 Percentage Change 

Board Policy Limits 

+ 400 

13.2 

35 

+ 300 

11.2 

30 

+ 200 

8.5 

20 

+ 100 

4.8 

15 

100 

(6.3) 
 
 15 

200 

(14.5) 
 
 20 

300 

(25.4) 
 
 30 

400 

(39.4) 
 
 35 

December 31, 2021 

+ 400 

40.3 

35 

+ 300 

33.0 

30 

+ 200 

24.4 

20 

+ 100 

13.8 

15 

100 

(18.4) 
 
 15 

200 
 
 n/a 

20 

The economic value of equity is calculated by subjecting the period-end balance sheet to changes in interest rates and measuring the impact of the changes on the values of the assets and liabilities. Hypothetical changes in interest rates are then applied to the financial instruments. Then the cash flows and fair values are again estimated using these hypothetical rates. For the net interest income estimates, the hypothetical rates are applied to the financial instruments based on the assumed cash flows. 
 Management periodically measures and reviews the economic value of equity at risk with the Board. As of December 31, 2022, the percentage change of the market value of equity was outside of the board policy limit in the -400 basis point scenario and as of December 31, 2021, the percentage change was outside the board policy limits in the +200 through +400 basis point rate scenarios as well as the -100 basis point change. In the rising rate scenarios, the exceptions are positive as the market value of equity increases as interest rates increase. The technical fails have a favorable impact to equity in the rising rate scenarios. In the declining rate scenarios in 2022 and 2021, the duration of liabilities remains high and loan prepayment speeds increase causing decreases in the market value of equity of (39.4) in the -400 basis point rate scenario as of December 31, 2022 and (18.4) in the -100 basis point rate scenario as of December 31, 2021. 
 SIGNIFICANT ASSUMPTIONS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS 
 25 
 
 The above analysis is based on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments, and reactions of depositors to changes in interest rates and this should not be relied upon as being indicative of actual results. Further, the analysis does not contemplate all actions the Company may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. 
 U.S. Treasury securities, obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies, obligations of states and political subdivisions will generally repay at their stated maturity or if callable, prior to their final maturity date. Mortgage-backed security payments increase when interest rates are low and decrease when interest rates rise. Most of the Company s loans permit the borrower to prepay the principal balance prior to maturity without penalty. The likelihood of prepayment depends on a number of factors: current interest rate and interest rate index (if any) on the loan, the financial ability of the borrower to refinance, the economic benefit to be obtained from refinancing, availability of refinancing at attractive terms, as well as economic conditions in specific geographic areas, which affect the sales and price levels of residential and commercial property. In a changing interest rate environment, prepayments may increase or decrease on fixed and adjustable-rate loans depending on the current relative levels and expectations of future short-term and long-term interest rates. Prepayments on adjustable-rate loans generally increase when long-term interest rates fall or are at historically low levels relative to short-term interest rates, thus making fixed rate loans more desirable. While savings and checking deposits generally may be withdrawn upon the customer s request without prior notice, a continuing relationship with customers resulting in future deposits and withdrawals is generally predictable, leading to a dependable and uninterrupted source of funds. Time deposits generally have early withdrawal penalties, which discourage customer withdrawal prior to maturity. Short-term borrowings have fixed maturities. Certain advances from the FHLB carry prepayment penalties and are expected to be repaid in accordance with their contractual terms. 
 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 The Company discloses the estimated fair value of its financial instruments on December 31, 2022, and 2021 in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS, CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS, AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS 
 The following table summarizes the Company s loan commitments, including letters of credit, as of December 31, 2022: 

Amount of Commitment to Expire Per Period 

(Dollars in thousands) Type of Commitment 

Total Amount 

Less than 1 year 

1 to 3 Years 

3 to 5 Years 

Over 5 Years 

Commercial lines of credit 

152,607 

129,332 

18,363 

4,847 

65 

Commercial real estate 

4,416 

4,366 

50 

Residential real estate lines of credit 

77,855 

2,912 

10,066 

14,937 

49,940 

Construction 

16,268 

12,973 

3,295 

Consumer lines of credit 

596 

596 

Credit card lines 

7,465 

7,465 

Overdraft privilege 

7,215 

7,215 

Letters of credit 

1,376 

1,245 

105 

26 

Total commitments 

267,798 

166,104 

31,829 

19,860 

50,005 

All lines of credit represent either fee-paid or legally binding loan commitments for the loan categories noted. Letters of credit are also included in the amounts noted in the table since the Company requires each letter of credit be supported by a loan agreement. The commercial and consumer lines represent both unsecured and secured obligations. The real estate lines are secured by mortgages on residential property. It is anticipated that a significant portion of these lines will expire without being drawn upon. 
 The following table summarizes the Company s other contractual obligations, exclusive of interest, as of December 31, 2022: 

Payment Due by Period 

(Dollars in thousands) Contractual Obligations 

Total Amount 

Less than 1 year 

1 to 3 Years 

3 to 5 Years 

Over 5 Years 

Total time deposits 

118,081 

66,598 

49,606 

1,877 

Short-term borrowings 

32,550 

32,550 

Other borrowings 

2,461 

707 

837 

457 

460 

Operating leases 

326 

92 

178 

56 

Total obligations 

153,418 

99,947 

50,621 

2,390 

460 

The other borrowings noted in the preceding table represent borrowings from the FHLB. The notes require payment of interest on a monthly basis with principal due in monthly installments. The obligations bear stated fixed interest rates and stipulate a prepayment penalty if the note s interest rate exceeds the current market rate for similar borrowings at the time of repayment. As the notes mature, the Company evaluates the liquidity and interest rate circumstances at that time to determine whether to pay off or renew the note. The evaluation process typically includes: the strength of current and projected customer loan demand, the Company s federal funds sold or purchased position, projected cash flows from 
 26 
 
 maturing investment securities, the current and projected market interest rate environment, local and national economic conditions, and customer demand for the Company s deposit product offerings. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and follow general practices within the commercial banking industry. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments affecting the amounts reported in the financial statements. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based upon the information available as of the date of the financial statements. 
 The most significant accounting policies followed by the Company are presented in Note 1- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. These policies, along with the other disclosures presented in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial Review, provide information about how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the financial statements and how those values are determined. Management has identified the other-than-temporary impairment of securities, allowance for loan losses, goodwill, and the fair value of financial instruments as the accounting areas requiring the most subjective and complex estimates, assumptions, and judgments and, as such, could be the most subject to revision as new information becomes available. 
 Securities are evaluated periodically to determine whether a decline in their value is other-than-temporary. Management utilizes criteria such as the magnitude and duration of the decline, in addition to the reasons underlying the decline, to determine whether the loss in value is other-than-temporary. The term other-than-temporary is not intended to indicate a permanent decline but indicates that the prospect for a near-term recovery of value is not necessarily favorable, or that there is a lack of evidence to support a realizable value equal to or greater than the carrying value of the investment. Once a decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary, the value of the security is reduced and a corresponding charge to earnings is recognized. 
 As previously noted in the section entitled Allowance for Loan Losses, management performs an analysis to assess the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses. This analysis encompasses a variety of factors including: the potential loss exposure for individually reviewed loans, the historical loss experience, the volume of nonperforming loans (i.e., loans in nonaccrual status or past due 90 days or more), and loans past due 30 to 89 days, any significant changes in lending or loan review staff, an evaluation of current and future economic conditions, any significant changes in the volume or mix of loans within each category, a review of the significant concentrations of credit, and any legal, competitive, or regulatory concerns. 
 The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized using accelerated methods over their estimated weighted-average useful lives, approximating ten years. 
 The Company groups financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in three (3) levels based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded, and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. Level I valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets or liabilities. Level II valuations are for instruments traded in less active dealer or broker markets and incorporate values obtained for identical or comparable instruments. Level III valuations are derived from other valuation methodologies, including discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, and not based on market exchange, dealer, or broker traded transactions. Level III valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections in determining the fair value assigned to each instrument. 
 IMPACT OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements and related data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, requiring measurement of financial position, and results of operations primarily in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Most assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary in nature. Therefore, interest rates have a more significant impact on the Company s performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or magnitude as prices of goods and services. The liquidity, maturity structure, and quality of the Company s assets and liabilities are critical to maintenance of acceptable performance levels. 
 COMMON STOCK AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
 Common shares of the Company are not traded on an established market. Shares are traded on the OTC market through broker/ dealers under the symbol CSBB and through private transactions. The table below represents the range of high and low prices paid for transactions known to the Company. Management does not have knowledge of prices paid on all transactions. Because of the lack of an established market, these prices may not reflect the prices at which stock would trade in an active market. These quotations reflect interdealer prices, without mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The table specifies cash dividends declared by the Company to its shareholders during 2022 and 2021. No assurances can be given that future dividends will be declared, or if declared, what the amount of any such dividends 
 27 
 
 will be. Additional information concerning restrictions over the payment of dividends is included in Note 12 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Quarterly Common Stock Price and Dividend Data 

Quarter Ended 

High 

Low 

Dividends Declared Per Share 

Dividends Declared 

March 31, 2022 

39.60 

37.50 

0.00 

June 30, 2022 

43.45 

36.50 

0.62 

1,685,175 

September 30, 2022 

40.50 

37.00 

0.33 

893,500 

December 31, 2022 

43.00 

35.02 

0.35 

947,652 

March 31, 2021 

38.50 

36.11 

0.30 

822,705 

June 30, 2021 

39.00 

37.10 

0.30 

820,273 

September 30, 2021 

39.98 

36.65 

0.31 

844,912 

December 31, 2021 

39.99 

37.50 

0.31 

842,587 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,082 shareholders of record and 2,707,576 outstanding shares of common stock. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 Information contained in the section captioned, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk located in Item 7 MD A is incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 REPORT ON MANAGEMENT S ASSESSMENT OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 The management of CSB Bancorp, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance that our published financial statements are fairly presented, in all material respects, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted the required assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s assessment did not identify any material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based upon this assessment, management believes that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Eddie L. Steiner 

Paula J. Meiler 

President, 

Senior Vice President, 

Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 

28 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of CSB Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CSB Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended; and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent, with respect to the Company, in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements; and (2) involve our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter, in any way, our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 29 

Crititcal Audit Matters (continued) 
 Allowance for Loan Losses (ALL) Qualitative Factors 
 Description of the Matter 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 627 million as of December 31, 2022, and the associated ALL was 6.8 million. As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, determining the amount of the ALL requires significant judgment about the collectability of loans, which includes an assessment of historical loss experience within each risk category of loans, qualitative adjustment to those historical loss allocations, and testing of certain commercial loans for impairment. Management applies qualitative adjustments to the historical loss rate to reflect the inherent losses that exist in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date that are not reflected in the historical loss experience. Qualitative adjustments are made based upon changes in lending policies and practices, economic conditions, changes in the loan portfolio mix, trends in loan delinquencies and classified loans, collateral values, concentrations of credit risk for the commercial loan portfolios, and other specific industry factors. 
 We identified these qualitative adjustments within the ALL as critical audit matters because they involve a high degree of subjectivity and are highly difficult to estimate. In turn, auditing management s judgments regarding the qualitative factors applied in the ALL calculation involved a high degree of subjectivity. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We gained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ALL, including the qualitative adjustments made to the ALL. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s ALL process, which included, among others, management s review and approval controls designed to assess the need and level of qualitative adjustments to the ALL, as well as the reliability of the data utilized to support management s assessment. To test the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the appropriateness of management s methodology and assessed whether all relevant risks were reflected in the ALL. 
 Regarding the measurement of the qualitative adjustments, we evaluated the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the data and inputs utilized in management s estimate. For example, we compared the inputs and data used in the estimate to third-party macroeconomic data, and other internal and external data points, while considering the existence of new or contrary information. Furthermore, we analyzed the changes in the components of the qualitative reserves relative to changes in the supporting external or internal data. We assessed the reasonableness of the factors from both a directional perspective and from an overall magnitude perspective as compared to the underlying data. We also compared the level of the Company s ALL reserves to a peer group (adjusted for differences in credit quality) to gain additional evidence of the reasonableness of the magnitude of the ALL overall. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 
 March 16, 2023 
 30 

CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-earning deposits in other banks 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Securities 

Available-for-sale, at fair value 

Held-to-maturity; fair value of in 2022 and in 2021 

Equity securities 

Restricted stock, at cost 

Total securities 

Loans held for sale 

Loans 

Less allowance for loan losses 

Net loans 

Premises and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Accrued interest receivable and other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Noninterest-bearing 

Interest-bearing 

Total deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Other borrowings 

Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value. Authorized shares; issued shares; and outstanding shares in 2022 and in 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock at cost: shares in 2022, shares in 2021 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total shareholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

These consolidated financial statements should be read in connection with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

31 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME 

Loans, including fees 

Taxable securities 

Nontaxable securities 

Other 

Total interest and dividend income 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Deposits 

Short-term borrowings 

Other borrowings 

Total interest expense 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

RECOVERY FOR LOAN LOSSES 

() 

() 

Net interest income, after recovery for loan losses 

NONINTEREST INCOME 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Trust services 

Debit card interchange fees 

Credit card fees 

Gain on sale of loans, net 

Earnings on bank owned life insurance 

Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities 

() 

Other income 

Total noninterest income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSES 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy expense 

Equipment expense 

Professional and director fees 

Financial institutions tax 

Marketing and public relations 

Software expense 

Debit card expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

FDIC insurance expense 

Other expenses 

Total noninterest expenses 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

FEDERAL INCOME TAX PROVISION 

NET INCOME 

EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted 

These consolidated financial statements should be read in connection with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities arising during the period 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

() 

Amortization of held-to-maturity discount resulting from transfer 

Income tax effect at 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

These consolidated financial statements should be read in connection with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 33 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN 
 SHAREHOLDE RS EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury shares 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared, per share 

() 

() 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury shares 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared, per share 

() 

() 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

() 

() 

These consolidated financial statements should be read in connection with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of premises, equipment and software 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Recovery of provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

Gain on sale of loans, net 

() 

() 

Security amortization, net of accretion 

Secondary market loan sale proceeds 

Originations of secondary market loans held-for-sale 

() 

() 

Earnings on bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

Effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Net deferred loan fees (costs) 

() 

() 

Accrued interest receivable 

() 

Accrued interest payable 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Securities: 

Proceeds from repayments, available-for-sale 

Proceeds from repayments, held-to-maturity 

Purchases, available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Purchases, held-to-maturity 

() 

() 

Purchases, equity securities 

() 

Redemption of restricted stock 

Purchase of bank-owned life insurance 

() 

Loan originations and payments, net 

() 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchases of software 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

These consolidated financial statements should be read in connection with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net change in deposits 

Net change in short-term borrowings 

() 

() 

Repayment of other borrowings 

() 

() 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Noncash investing activities: 

Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

These consolidated financial statements should be read in connection with the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

industry segment, the commercial banking industry. The Bank, an Ohio-chartered bank organized in 1879, provides financial services through its Banking Centers located in Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas and Wayne counties. These communities are the source of a substantial majority of the Bank s deposit, loan, and trust activities. The majority of the Bank s income is derived from commercial and retail lending activities, and investments in securities. Its primary deposit products are checking, savings, and term certificate accounts. Its primary lending products are residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial, and installment loans. Substantially, all loans are secured by specific items of collateral including business assets, consumer assets, and real estate. Commercial loans are expected to be repaid with cash flow from business operations. Real estate loans are secured by both residential and commercial real estate. Significant accounting policies followed by the Company are presented below: 
 
 . 
 required federal reserves included in Cash and due from banks at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. When required, reserves are used to facilitate the implementation of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve System. The required reserves are computed by applying prescribed ratios to the classes of average deposit balances. These are held in the form of vault cash and depository amount held with the Federal Reserve Bank. Federal law prohibits the Company from borrowing from the Bank unless the loans are secured by specific collateral. 
 million par value U.S. Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities were transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. Held-to-maturity securities are carried at their fair value on the date of transfer or at amortized cost if security purchases are designated as held-to-maturity. On December 31, 2022, of the total investment portfolio was classified as held-to-maturity. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for the accretion of discounts to maturity and the amortization of premiums to the earlier of a bond s call date or maturity based on the interest method. Such amortization and accretion is included in interest and dividends on securities. Gains and losses on sales of securities are accounted for on a trade date basis, using the specific identification method, and are included in noninterest income. Securities are periodically reviewed for other-than-temporary impairment based upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the financial condition of the underlying issuer, the receipt of principal and interest according to the contractual terms, the ability of the issuer to meet contractual obligations, the likelihood of the security s ability to recover any decline in its market value and management s intent, and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for a recovery in market value. Among the factors considered in determining management s intent and ability to hold the security, is a review of the Company s capital adequacy, interest rate risk position, and liquidity. The assessment of a security s ability to recover any decline in market value, the ability of the issuer to meet contractual obligations, and management s intent and ability to hold the security requires considerable judgment. A decline in value considered to be other-than-temporary, is recorded as a loss within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

other real estate owned on December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 to for buildings and to for equipment) and is computed using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the useful life of the asset, or lease term, whichever is shorter. Expenses for maintenance and repairs are charged against income as incurred. Costs of major additions and improvements are capitalized. 
 impairment was recorded in 2022 or 2021. 

thousand, thousand for the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

dilutive effects on earnings per share. 

Average treasury shares 

() 

() 

Total weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net income 

Earnings per share, basic and diluted 

on our regulatory capital ratios. The Company expects to record no allowance for credit losses related to AFS or HTM debt securities at the date of adoption, January 1, 2023, as the majority of the Company's debt securities are issued by U.S. government entities and agencies and there is zero credit loss expectation on these securities. ASU 2017-04 - Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The Update, and all subsequent ASU s, simplifies the goodwill impairment test. Under the new guidance, Step 2 of the goodwill impairment process that requires an entity to determine the implied fair value of its goodwill by assigning fair value to all its assets and liabilities is eliminated. Instead, the entity should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. An entity still has the option to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the quantitative impairment test is necessary. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim goodwill tests performed in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. In November 2019, the FASB deferred the effective date for ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. This Update is not expected to have a material on the Company s financial statements. ASU 2020-04 - Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848). This update provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens of the expected market transition from LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Entities can elect not to apply certain modification accounting requirements to contracts affected by what the guidance calls reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. An entity that makes this election would not have to remeasure the contracts at the modification date or reassess a previous accounting determination. Also, entities can elect various optional expedients allowing them to continue applying hedge accounting for hedging relationships affected by reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met, and can make a one-time election to sell and/or reclassify held-to-maturity debt securities that reference an interest rate affected by reference rate reform. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities upon issuance through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which extends the sunset (or expiration) date of Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. This gives reporting entities two additional years to apply the accounting relief provided under ASC Topic 848 for matters related to reference rate reform. ASU 2022-06 is effective for all reporting entities immediately upon issuance and must be applied on a prospective basis. This Update is not expected to have a significant on the Company s financial statements. ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (ASC 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) and Vintage Disclosures . The guidance amends ASC 326 to eliminate the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancing and restructuring activities by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Specifically, rather than applying TDR recognition and measurement guidance, creditors will determine whether a modification results in a new loan or continuation of existing loan. These amendments are intended to enhance existing disclosure requirements and introduce new requirements related to certain modifications of receivables made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Additionally, the amendments to ASC 326 require that an entity disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination within the vintage disclosures, which requires that an entity disclose the amortized cost basis of financing receivables by credit quality indicator and class of financing receivable by year of origination. The guidance is only for entities that have adopted the amendments in Update 2016-13 for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. This Update is not expected to have a significant on the Company s financial statements. 
 effect on net income or shareholders equity. 

41 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

Asset-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Total available-for-sale 

() 

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Total held-to-maturity 

() 

Equity securities 

Restricted stock 

Total securities 

() 

2021 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

Asset-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Total available-for-sale 

() 

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

Total held-to-maturity 

() 

Equity securities 

Restricted stock 

Total securities 

() 

Due after one through five years 

Due after five through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total debt securities available-for-sale 

Held-to-maturity 

Due in one year or less 

Due after one through five years 

Due after five through ten years 

Due after ten years 

Total debt securities held-to-maturity 

Securities with a carrying value of approximately million and million were pledged on December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, to secure public deposits, as well as other deposits and borrowings as required or permitted by law. Restricted stock primarily consists of investments in FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank stock. The Bank s investment in FHLB stock amounted to million and million on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Federal Reserve Bank stock was thousand on December 31, 2022, and 2021. There were proceeds from sales of debt securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Gains and (losses) recognized on equity securities on the consolidated statements of income of thousand and thousand, respectively for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were unrealized.) 

() 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Asset-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

() 

() 

() 

2021 

Available-for-sale 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

() 

U.S. Government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Asset-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

Held-to-maturity 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

() 

() 

() 

There were securities in an unrealized loss position on December 31, 2022, of which were in a continuous loss position for twelve (12) or more months. At least quarterly, the Company conducts a comprehensive security-level impairment assessment. The assessments are based on the nature of the securities, the extent and duration of the securities, the extent and duration of the loss, and management s intent to sell or if it is more likely than not that management will be required to sell a security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, which may be maturity. Management believes the Company will fully recover the cost of these securities and it does not intend to sell these securities and likely will not be required to sell them before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis, which may be maturity. As a result, management concluded that these securities were not other-than-temporarily impaired on December 31, 2022. 

 44 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Construction land development 

Consumer 

Total loans before deferred loan (fees) and costs 

Deferred loan (fees) and costs 

Total loans 

Loan Origination/Risk Management The Company has certain lending policies and procedures in place designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management reviews and the Board of Directors approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by providing management with frequent reports related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies, and non-performing and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions. Commercial loans are underwritten after evaluating and understanding the borrower s ability to operate profitably and prudently expand their business. Underwriting standards are designed to promote relationship banking rather than transactional banking. The Company s management examines current and occasionally projected cash flows to determine the ability of the borrower to repay their obligations as agreed. Commercial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. However, the cash flows of borrowers may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets, such as accounts receivable or inventory, and generally incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers. Commercial real estate loans are subject to underwriting standards and processes similar to commercial loans, in addition to those of real estate loans. These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is largely dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing the Company s commercial real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type. This diversity helps reduce the Company s exposure to adverse economic events that affect any single industry. Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography, and risk grade criteria. With respect to loans to developers and builders secured by non-owner occupied properties, the Company generally requires the borrower to have had an existing relationship with the Company and have a proven record of success. Construction and land development loans are underwritten utilizing independent appraisal reviews, sensitivity analysis of absorption, lease rates, and financial analysis of developers and property owners. Construction and land development loans are generally based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the completed project. These estimates may be inaccurate. Construction and land development loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the project. Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed property, or permanent financing from the Company. These loans are closely monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risk than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, governmental regulation of real property, general economic conditions, and the availability of long-term financing. The Company originates consumer loans utilizing a judgmental underwriting process. Policies and procedures are developed and modified, as needed, by management to monitor and manage consumer loan risk. This activity, coupled with relatively small loan amounts spread across many individual borrowers, minimizes risk. The Company engages an independent loan review vendor that reviews and validates the credit risk program on a periodic basis. Results of these reviews are presented to management and the Audit Committee. The loan review process complements and reinforces the risk identification and assessment decisions made by lenders and credit personnel, as well as the Company s policies and procedures. Paycheck Protection Program The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, was signed into law on March 27, 2020 and provided over 2 trillion in economic relief to individuals and businesses impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act authorized the SBA to temporarily guarantee loans under a new 7(a) loan program called the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). As a qualified SBA lender, the Company was automatically authorized to originate PPP loans. The PPP provided loans to small businesses who were affected by economic conditions as a result of COVID-19 to provide cash flow assistance to employers who maintained their payroll (including healthcare and certain related expenses), mortgage interest, rent, leases, utilities and interest on existing debt during the COVID-19 emergency. During 2021 and 2020, the Company originated PPP loans with principal balances of million. The PPP loans are guaranteed by the SBA and are eligible for forgiveness by the SBA to the extent that the proceeds were used to cover eligible payroll costs, interest costs, rent, and utility costs over a period of up to 24 weeks after the loan was made if certain conditions were met regarding employee retention and compensation levels. The majority of PPP loans deemed eligible for forgiveness by the SBA have been repaid by the SBA to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received million in loan forgiveness from the SBA. The remaining thousand of PPP loans are included in the Commercial loan category with no allowance for loan losses allocated. Concentrations of Credit Nearly all the Company s lending activity occurs within the State of Ohio, including the four counties of Holmes, Stark, Tuscarawas, and Wayne, as well as other markets. The majority of the Company s loan portfolio consists of commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans. Credit concentrations, including commitments, as determined using North American Industry Classification Codes (NAICS), to the largest industries compared to total loans at December 31, 2022, included million, or , of total loans to lessors of non-residential buildings; million, or , of total loans to assisted living facilities for the elderly; million, or , of total loans to lessors of other real estate property; and million, or , of total loans to home centers (hardware stores). These loans are generally secured by real property and equipment, with repayment expected from operational cash flow. Credit evaluation is based on a review of cash flow coverage of principal, interest payments, and the adequacy of the collateral received. Allowance for Loan Losses The following table details activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. During 2022, the decrease in the provision (recovery) for loan losses for construction and land development and commercial real estate loans was primarily related to the improvement in loans to businesses that were negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, the reduction of impaired and adversely classified loans, as well as a large recovery received on a previously charged-off loan. The decrease in the provision for consumer loans was primarily related to the tightening of underwriting guidelines pertaining to the RV portfolio along with a decline in RV loan balances and fewer consumer loan charge-offs in 2022. The provision related to residential real estate loans increased as a result of the growth in loan balances along with an increase in the general loss ratios due to elevated levels of economic uncertainty associated with increased inflation and higher interest rates. During 2021, the increase in the provision for loan losses for construction and land development loans was primarily related to loans to assisted living facilities that have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease in the provision related to commercial, commercial real estate and residential real estate loans was primarily related to the improvement in economic conditions along with fewer delinquent and nonperforming loans and improvement in adversely classified loans. The provision related to consumer loans increased primarily as a result of the increase in historical losses of loans in this category. 

(Recovery) provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance 

(Recovery) provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Net (charge-offs) recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total ending allowance balance 

Loans: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total ending loans balance 

2021 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Ending allowance balances attributable to loans: 

Individually evaluated for impairment 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total ending allowance balance 

Loans: 

Loans individually evaluated for impairment 

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment 

Total ending loans balance 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Construction land development 

Consumer 

Total impaired loans 

2021 

Commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Construction land development 

Consumer 

Total impaired loans 

1 Includes principal, accrued interest, unearned fees, and origination costs. 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Construction land development 

Consumer 

Total loans 

2021 

Commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

Construction land development 

Consumer 

Total loans 

Troubled Debt Restructurings The Company had troubled debt restructurings TDRs of thousand as of December 31, 2022, with thousand of specific reserves allocated to customers whose loan terms have been modified in TDRs. On December 31, 2022, thousand of the loans classified as TDRs were performing in accordance with their modified terms. The remaining thousand were classified as nonaccrual. On December 31, 2021, the Company had TDRs of million, with thousand of specific reserves allocated. There were no l 

Commercial Real Estate 

Residential Real Estate 

Consumer 

Total restructured loans 

The loans restructured were modified by changing the monthly payment to interest only and extending the maturity dates. No principal reductions were made. ne of the loans restructured in 2021 subsequently defaulted in 2022. Real Estate Loans in Foreclosure There was other real estate owned on December 31, 2022, or 2021, respectively. Mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure were thousand on December 31, 2022. There were mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure on December 31, 2021. Credit Quality Indicators The Company categorizes commercial and commercial real estate loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes commercial and commercial real estate loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis includes commercial loans with an outstanding balance greater than thousand. This analysis is performed on an annual basis. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: Pass. Loans classified as pass (Cash Secured, Exceptional, Acceptable, Monitor or Pass Watch) may exhibit a wide array of characteristics but at a minimum represent an acceptable risk to the Bank. Borrowers in this rating may have leveraged but acceptable balance sheet positions, satisfactory asset quality, stable to favorable sales and earnings trends, acceptable liquidity, and adequate cash flow. Loans are considered fully collectable and require an average amount of administration. While generally adhering to credit policy, these loans may exhibit occasional exceptions that do not result in undue risk to the Bank. Borrowers are generally capable of absorbing setbacks, financial and otherwise, without the threat of failure. Special Mention. Loans classified as special mention have a material weakness deserving of management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Bank s credit position at some future date. Substandard. Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses jeopardizing the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful. Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, values, highly questionable, and improbable. Loans not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed individually as part of the above-described process are considered to be pass rated loans. Loans listed as not rated are either less than thousand or are included in groups of homogeneous loans. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Not Rated 

Total 

2022 

Commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Construction land development 

Total 

2021 

Commercial 

Commercial real estate 

Construction land development 

Total 

Management monitors the credit quality of residential real estate and consumer loans as homogenous groups. These loans are evaluated based on delinquency status and included in the past due table in this section. Nonperforming loans include loans past due 90 days and greater and loans on nonaccrual of interest status. Mortgage Servicing Rights For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding MSRs of thousand and thousand, respectively. The capitalized additions of servicing rights is included in net gain on sale of loans on the consolidated statement of income. valuation allowance was recorded on December 31, 2022 or 2021, as the fair value of the MSRs exceeded their carrying value. On December 31, 2022, the Company had million residential mortgage loans with servicing retained as compared to million with servicing retained on December 31, 2021. Total loans serviced for others approximated million and million on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Capitalized additions 

Amortization 
 
 () 

() 

Valuation allowance 

End of year 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Accumulated depreciation 

Premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense amounted to thousand, thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

to . Certain lease arrangements contain extension options which are typically years at the then fair market rental rates. As these extension options are generally considered reasonably certain of exercise, they are included in the lease term. As of December 31, 2022, operating lease ROU assets were thousand, and liabilities were thousand. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, CSB recognized thousand, and thousand in operating lease cost respectively. 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Savings 

Time deposits: 

250,000 and greater 

Other 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Average balance outstanding 

Maximum month-end balance 

Weighted-average rate at year-end 

Weighted-average rate during the year 

Average balances outstanding during the year represent daily average balances; average interest rates represent interest expenses divided by the related average balances. 

Repurchase agreements 

Other borrowings 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and beyond 

Monthly principal and interest payments, as well as principal curtailments on the borrowings anniversary dates are due on the fixed-rate amortizing borrowings. FHLB borrowings are secured by a blanket collateral agreement. On December 31, 2022, the Company had the capacity to borrow an additional million from the FHLB. 

Deferred 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision 

and for 2022 and 2021 and differ from the federal statutory rate of applied to income before taxes due to the following: 

Effect of bond and loan tax-exempt income 

() 

() 

Bank owned life insurance income 

() 

() 

Other 

Total income tax provision 

Unrealized loss on securities 

Other 

Deferred tax assets 

Premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends 

() 

() 

Deferred loan fees 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

There is currently liability for uncertain tax positions and known unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recognizes, when applicable, interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2019 . 

 in 2022 and 2021 of each eligible participant s compensation. Beginning in 2018, the Plan provided for a Company match up to a maximum of of eligible compensation. The Company auto enrolls all eligible new hires into the Plan. Expense under the Plan amounted to approximately thousand and thousand for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company sponsors a non-qualified deferred compensation plan covering eligible officers. Expense under the plan amounted to thousand and thousand in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Letters of credit 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Consumer commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and commercial commitments are generally due on demand and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral, obtained if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. Collateral held varies but may include residential real estate, accounts receivable, recognized inventory, property, plant and equipment, and income-producing commercial properties. Letters of credit are written conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party and are reviewed for renewal at expiration. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The Company requires collateral supporting these commitments when deemed appropriate. The Company had reserve for unfunded loan commitments as of December 31, 2022 and thousand as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in the reserve for unfunded loan commitments was due to a construction project that was completed and fully drawn. 

New loans and advances 

Repayments, including loans sold 

Balance at end of year 

Deposits from executive officers, directors, their immediate family members, and their related business interests on December 31, 2022, and 2021 were approximately million and million. 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

Consolidated 

Bank 

2021 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Consolidated 

Bank 

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

Consolidated 

Bank 

The Company s primary source of funds with which to pay dividends, are dividends received from the Bank. The payment of dividends by the Bank to the Company is subject to restrictions by its regulatory agencies. These restrictions generally limit dividends to current year net income and prior net retained earnings. Also, dividends may not reduce capital levels below the minimum regulatory requirements disclosed in the prior table. Under these provisions, on January 1, 2023, the Bank could dividend million to the Company. The Company does not anticipate the financial need to obtain regulatory approval to pay dividends. Federal law prevents the Company from borrowing from the Bank unless loans are secured by specific obligations. Further, such secured loans are limited to an amount not exceeding percent of the Bank s common stock and capital surplus. 

 55 

Investment in subsidiary bank 

Securities available-for-sale 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Total liabilities 

Total shareholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Dividends from subsidiary 

Unrealized (loss) gain on equity securities 

() 

Total income 

Operating expenses 

Income before taxes and undistributed equity income of subsidiary 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

Equity earnings in subsidiary, net of dividends 

NET INCOME 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operations: 

Equity earnings in subsidiary, net of dividends 

() 

() 

Change in other assets, liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equity securities 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Cash dividends paid 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Decrease in cash 

() 

() 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

56 

liabilities were carried at fair value. As required by the accounting standards, financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Equity securities with readily determinable values and U.S. Treasury Notes are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Obligations of U.S. government agencies, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions and corporate bonds are valued at observable market data for similar assets. Equity securities without readily determinable values are carried at amortized cost, adjusted for impairment and observable price changes. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Total 

Assets: 

December 31, 2022 

Securities available-for-sale 

U.S. Treasury securities 

U.S. Government agencies 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

Asset-backed securities of government agencies 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Equity securities 

Assets: 

December 31, 2021 

Securities available-for-sale 

U.S. Treasury securities 

U.S. Government agencies 

Mortgage-backed securities of government agencies 

Asset-backed securities of government agencies 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Equity securities 

There were assets measured on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Impaired loans that are collateral dependent are written down to fair value through the establishment of specific reserves. Techniques used to value the collateral securing the impaired loans include: quoted market prices for identical assets classified as Level I inputs; observable inputs, employed by certified appraisers, for similar assets classified as Level II inputs. In cases where valuation techniques included unobservable inputs and are based on estimates and assumptions developed by management based on the best information available under each circumstance, the asset valuation is classified as Level III inputs. 

Loans held for sale 

Net loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Other borrowings 

2021 

Carrying 

Total Fair 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Value 

Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Value 

Financial assets 

Securities held-to-maturity 

Loans held for sale 

Net loans 

Mortgage servicing rights 

Financial liabilities 

Deposits 

Other borrowings 

Other financial instruments carried at amortized cost include cash and cash equivalents, restricted stock, bank-owned life insurance, accrued interest receivable, short-term borrowings, and accrued interest payable, all of which have a level 1 fair value that approximates their carrying value. 

58 

() 

Unrealized holding loss on available-for-sale securities arising during the period 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held to maturity 

() 

() 

Amortization of held-to-maturity discount resulting from transfer 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Unrealized holding loss on available-for-sale securities arising during the period 

() 

() 

Amortization of held-to-maturity discount resulting from transfer 

() 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

() 

() 

from the date of the agreement, or pursuant to certain change in control transactions. 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

2021 

First quarter 

Second quarter 

Third quarter 

Fourth quarter 

59 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 With the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) was performed, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Information contained in the Report On Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, CSB s 2022 internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 60 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K concerning the directors of the Company and the nominees for election as directors of the Company at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 26, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting ), is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be included under the captions Proposal One Election of Directors, Nominees for Election of Directors, and Directors Continuing in Office in the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the SEC (the 2023 Proxy Statement no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. The information required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K concerning the executive officers of the Company is incorporated herein by reference from the information to be included under the caption Executive Officers in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal officers, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Company has posted its Code of Ethics on its website at www.csb1.com ; select Investor Relations/Corporate Governance/Governance Documents. The Company plans to satisfy SEC disclosure requirements regarding any amendments to, or waiver of, the Code of Ethics relating to its Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, and persons performing similar functions, by posting such information on the Company s website or by making any necessary filings with the SEC. Any person may receive a copy of our Code of Ethics free of charge upon request by calling the Company during business hours or by sending a written request. 
 Procedures for Recommending Director Nominees 
 Information concerning the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors can be found under the caption, Shareholder Recommendations in the 2023 Proxy Statement. This is a new proposal, if approved, to amend the code of regulations to conform with the Commision's newly adopted Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act. Shareholders will be required to comply with the amended nomination procedure as described under Propasal Three - Approve the Amendment to Article III, Section 3 of our code of regulations. 
 Audit Committee 
 The information required by Items 407(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the sections, Membership and Meetings of the Board and its Committees and the subsection, Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the sections, Discussion of Executive Compensation Programs and, Executive Compensation and Other Information and the subsection, Directors Compensation under the section captioned, Membership and Meetings of the Board and its Committees in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the section, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the section, The Compensation Committee Report in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 None. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the section, Beneficial Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by Item 404 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the section, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 The information required by Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the section, Membership and Meetings of the Board and its Committees in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the section, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and subsection, Audit Committee Procedures for Pre-Approval of Services by the Independent Public Accounting Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 61 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 a. The following documents are filed as part of this report and included under Item 8: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 
 29 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (S.R. Snodgrass) 
 30 

Consolidated Balance Sheets on December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 32 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 36 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and have been omitted. 
 	 
 (3) Exhibits	 

The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures pages of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 b. Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

c. Financial Statement Schedules 

Certain schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto or because they are not applicable or not required. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 62 

(a)(3) Exhibits 
 The documents listed below are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference as noted: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 

3.1 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation of CSB Bancorp, Inc., (incorporated by reference to registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2004, Exhibit 3.1, file number 000-21714). 

3.1.1 
 
 Amended form of Article Fourth of Amended Articles of Incorporation, as effective April 9, 1998 (incorporated by reference to registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 1999, Exhibit 3.1.1, file number 000-21714). 

3.2 
 
 Code of Regulations of CSB Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-SB). 

3.2.1 
 
 Amendment to Article VIII to the Code of Regulations of CSB Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to registrant s Form DEF 14A filed on March 25, 2009, Appendix A, file number 000-21714). 

4 
 
 Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2020, Exhibit 4, file number 000-21714). 

10.1+ 
 
 CSB Bancorp, Inc. Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to registrant s Form DEF 14A, filed on March 18, 2005, Appendix A, file number 000-21714). 

10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between Paula Meiler and the Commercial and Savings Bank of Millersburg, Ohio (incorporated by reference to registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2013, Exhibit 10.2, file number 000-21714). 

10.3+ 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Paula Meiler and The Commercial Savings Bank of Millersburg, Ohio (incorporated by reference to registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2013, Exhibit 10.3, file number 000-21714). 

10.4+ 
 
 CSB Bancorp, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 23, 2017, Exhibit 10.4, file number 000-21714). 

10.5+ 
 
 The Commercial Savings Bank Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2019, Exhibit 10.1 file number 000-21714). 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of CSB Bancorp, Inc . 

23.1 
 
 Consent of S.R. Snodgrass, P.C . 

31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 The cover page for the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, has been formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 63 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CSB BANCORP, INC. 

/s/ Eddie L. Steiner 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 
 Eddie L. Steiner, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 16, 2023. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 

/s/ Eddie L. Steiner 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Eddie L. Steiner 

/s/ Paula J. Meiler 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Paula J. Meiler 

/s/ Pamela S. Basinger 
 
 Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer 

Pamela S. Basinger 

/s/ Robert K. Baker 
 
 Director 

Robert K. Baker 

/s/ Vikki G. Briggs 
 
 Director 

Vikki G. Briggs 

/s/ Julian L. Coblentz 
 
 Director 

Julian L. Coblentz 

/s/ Cheryl M. Kirkbride 
 
 Director 

Cheryl M. Kirkbride 

/s/ Jeffery A. Robb, Sr. 
 
 Director 

Jeffery A. Robb, Sr. 

64 

<EX-21>
 2
 csbb-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CSB BANCORP, INC. 
 The Commercial and Savings Bank of Millersburg, Ohio, an Ohio-chartered commercial bank (100 owned). 
 CSB Investment Services, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (100 owned). 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 csbb-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements File No. 333-130082, on Form S-8 of CSB Bancorp, Inc., and in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of The Commercial Savings Bank 401(k) Retirement Plan of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CSB Bancorp, Inc., for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ S. R. Snodgrass, P.C. 

Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 csbb-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 I, Eddie L. Steiner, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CSB Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Eddie L. Steiner 

Eddie L. Steiner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 csbb-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Paula J. Meiler, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CSB Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Paula J. Meiler 

Paula J. Meiler 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 csbb-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of CSB Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eddie L. Steiner, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Eddie L. Steiner 

Eddie L. Steiner 

President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 16, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 csbb-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of CSB Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paula J. Meiler, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Paula J. Meiler 

Paula J. Meiler 

Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 16, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 csbb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 csbb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 csbb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 csbb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 csbb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

