<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_64463_0001493152-23-010333.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15499627</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1063832</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2623042</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5203492</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2824680</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3372254</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010333.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331163134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010333
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Soluna Holdings, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000064463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				141462255
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40261
		FILM NUMBER:		23788346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 WASHINGTON AVENUE EXTENSION
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		518-218-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 WASHINGTON AVENUE EXTENSION
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010333.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _____to _____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (based on the closing price
of 4.07 per share on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC for that date) was . 

As
of March 28, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

INDEX
TO FORM 10-K 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 29 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 31 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 

Item
9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 45 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 46 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 46 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 46 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 52 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the discussion in this section , contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Any statements herein that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. When we use the words
 anticipate, estimate, plans, projects, continuing, ongoing, 
 expects, management believes, we believe, we intend, should, could, 
 may, will, and similar words or phrases, we are identifying forward-looking statements which may involve
estimates, assumptions and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the
forward-looking statements. In making these forward-looking statements, the Company has assumed that the current market will continue
and grow and that the risks listed below will not adversely impact the Company. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, which
contribute to the possibility that the predicted outcomes may not occur or may be delayed. Forward-looking statements may relate to future
financial conditions, results of operations, plans, objectives, performance or business developments. These statements speak only as
of the date they are made and are based on information currently available and on the then current expectations and assumptions concerning
future events, which are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from that which was expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including,
but not limited to, risks and uncertainties related to: 

the
 availability of financing opportunities, risks associated with economic conditions, dependence on management and conflicts of interest; 

the
 ability to service debt obligations and maintain flexibility in respect of debt covenants; 

economic
 dependence on regulated terms of service and electricity rates; 

the
 speculative and competitive nature of the technology sector; 

ability
 of the Company to attract and retain hosted customers for its hosting operations ; 

dependency
 in continued growth in blockchain and cryptocurrency usage; 

lawsuits
 and other legal proceedings and challenges; 

conflict
 of interests with directors and management; 

government
 regulations; 

The
 ability of the Company to construct and complete the anticipated expansion of our data centers; and 

other
 factors beyond the Company s control. 

Other
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking information include, among others, risks relating to: the Company s
limited operating history; future capital needs and uncertainty of additional financing; share price fluctuations; the need for the Company
to manage its planned growth and expansion; cybersecurity threats and hacking; possibility of cessation of monetization of cryptocurrencies;
limited history of de-centralized financial system; technological obsolescence and difficulty in obtaining hardware; price volatility
of cryptocurrencies; the May 2020 and any future Bitcoin halving events cryptocurrency network difficulty and impact of increased global
computing power; economic dependence on regulated terms of service and electricity rates risks; future profits/losses and production
revenues/expenses; cryptocurrency exchanges are new and mostly unregulated; discretion regarding by the Company of available funds; political
and regulatory risk; permits and licenses; server failures; global financial conditions; tax consequences; environmental regulations;
environmental liability; erroneous transactions and human error; the continued development of existing and planned facilities; risks
of non-availability of insurance; competition; reliance on key personnel; credit risk; uncertainty of widespread use of cryptocurrency;
interest rate risk; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; controlling shareholder risk; and COVID-19 pandemic risk. Particular factors
which could impact future results of the business of the Company include but are not limited to: the construction and operation of blockchain
infrastructure may not occur as currently planned, or at all; expansion may not materialize as currently anticipated, or at all; the
digital currency market; the ability to successfully mine digital currency; revenue may not increase as currently anticipated, or at
all; it may not be possible to profitably liquidate the current digital currency inventory, or at all; a decline in digital currency
prices may have a significant negative impact on operations; the volatility of digital currency prices; the anticipated sustainability
of the renewable energy on which the Company depends at economical prices for the purposes of cryptocurrency mining; the ability to complete
current and future financings; any regulations or laws that will prevent the Company from operating its business; historical prices of
digital currencies and the ability to mine digital currencies that will be consistent with historical prices. 

Except
as may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update or revise our forward-looking statements and we assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this registration statement. Thus, assumptions should not be made
that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1: Business 

Unless
the context requires otherwise in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), the terms SHI, the Company, 
 we, us, and our refer to Soluna Holdings, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries,
 SCI refers to Soluna Computing, Inc , formerly known as EcoChain, Inc.. Other trademarks, trade names, and service marks
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. 

Overview
and Recent Developments 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. SHI , Company , our ), formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated was
incorporated in Nevada on March 24, 2021, and is the successor to Mechanical Technology, Inc., which was incorporated in the State of
New York in 1961, as a result of a merger which became effective on March 29, 2021, and is headquartered in Albany, New York. Effective
November 2, 2021, the Company changed its name from Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (or MTI to Soluna
Holdings, Inc. 

SHI
currently conducts our business through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Soluna Computing, Inc. SCI ). SCI is engaged in the
mining of cryptocurrency through data centers that can be powered by renewable energy sources. Recently, SCI has built modular data centers
that are used for cryptocurrency mining though proprietary mining and hosting business models. SCI intends to continue to develop and
build modular data centers that use wasted renewable energy for cryptocurrency mining and in the in the future can be used for intensive,
batchable computing applications, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, with the goal of providing a cost-effective alternative
to battery storage or transmission lines. Headquartered in Albany, New York, the Company uses technology and intentional design to solve
complex, real-world challenges. The Company s data centers are operated through certain projects noted below: Project Edith, Project
Sophie, Project Marie, and Project Dorothy. 

Until
the Sale (as defined below), we also operated though our wholly-owned subsidiary, MTI Instruments, an instruments business engaged in
the design, manufacture and sale of vibration measurement and system balancing solutions, precision linear displacement sensors, instruments
and system solutions, and wafer inspection tools. MTI Instruments was incorporated in New York on March 8, 2000. MTI Instruments 
products consisted of engine vibration analysis systems for both military and commercial aircraft and electronic gauging instruments
for position, displacement and vibration application within the industrial manufacturing markets, as well as in the research, design
and process development markets. These systems, tools and solutions were developed for markets and applications that require consistent
operation of complex machinery and the precise measurements and control of products, processes, and the development and implementation
of automated manufacturing and assembly. On December 17, 2021, we announced that we had entered into a non-binding letter of intent with
a potential buyer (the Buyer regarding the potential sale of MTI Instruments (the LOI to an unrelated third
party. Pursuant to the LOI, the Buyer would acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of MTI Instruments. As a result of
the foregoing, the MTI Instruments business was reported as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2021 and prior periods within our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as was filed with the SEC on March
31, 2022, as well as in these consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ).
On April 11, 2022, we consummated the sale of MTI Instruments, the Sale )., MTI Instruments ceased to be our wholly-owned
subsidiary, and, as a result, we have exited the instruments business. 

On
April 11, 2022, SHI entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with NKX Acquiror, Inc. (the
 Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Company sold on such date all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of
its wholly-owned subsidiary, MTI Instruments, for approximately 9.4 million in cash, subject to certain adjustments as set forth in
the Stock Purchase Agreement (the Sale ). The consideration paid by the Purchaser to the Company was based on an aggregate
enterprise value of approximately 10.75 million. The Company recognized a gain on the sale of approximately 7.8 million. 

Project
Edith 

The
Edith project is a project permitted to consume up to 3.3 MegaWatts MW located in Wenatchee, Washington. The data center
was acquired from the estate of the GigaWatt bankruptcy in May 2020. The project operates in a district with increasing power rates.
At the time of Soluna s acquisition (May 2020), the peak power rate, which does not include all charges to the facility was at
2.68 cents kWh, forecasting to increase 3.62 cents kWh by January 2025. 

In
the first quarter of 2022, the ETH Ethereum foundation made it clear that the merge to proof-of-stake was happening
and graphics processing unit GPU mining was going to be challenged going forward. In the early summer of 2022, Soluna began
to seek a buyer for the assets. Soluna ultimately sold the GPU mining assets and other mining equipment in September 2022 for 790
thousand. Soluna has committed to providing certain facilities contracts at cost plus a markup to facilitate the continued
operations for the mining assets for the new ownership. 

Project
Marie 

The
Marie Project is Soluna s 20 MW co-location facility based in Kentucky. This facility was Soluna s first project in Kentucky,
prior to building the Sophie greenfield project. The site is powered by the Tennessee Valley Authority TVA grid and is
designed to operate 24/7 less mandatory TVA curtailment windows. 

4 

On
December 30, 2021, Soluna MC Borrowing 2021-1 LLC (the Borrower ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered
into a Master Equipment Finance Agreement (the MEFA with NYDIG ABL LLC NYDIG as lender, servicer and collateral
agent (the NYDIG facility ). The Master Agreement outlined the framework for a financing up to approximately 14.4 million
in aggregate equipment financing. 

In
January 2022, Soluna began investing capital into Project Marie to upgrade the facility to support 20 MW of power consumption and
create power efficiencies in the main leased building. These upgrades were completed in February of 2022. In January, Soluna
completed the roll out of legacy hosting customers at the facility to be replaced with proprietary mining equipment. 

In
March and April, the facility experienced several unplanned outages due to issues with electrical infrastructure owned by CC Metals and
Alloys, LLC CCMA ). Despite these setbacks, the facility was able to recover and continue to run at a steady hashrate throughout
the course of the year. When the Bitcoin downturn hit, the Marie facility took initiative to ensure maximum efficiency of the miner inventory
and also took action to reduce site-level expenses. 

Project
Marie power was impacted by increased Financial Conduit Authority FCA changes in late summer which were at levels
not seen in many years. To further reduce risk to contribution margin, the company began contract negotiations with the 10 MW
hosting customer at the site whose renewal was due in September. These negotiations resulted in a more favorable fee structure that
positioned the company to better navigate the FCA volatility and the broader Bitcoin economics. 

With
the decline in the price of Bitcoin that occurred during 2022, by September 2022, the cashflows from Marie became inadequate to fully
service the NYDIG loan. After discussions with NYDIG, two separate monthly waivers of payments for September and October 2022 were agreed.
By November 2022, however, the Borrower failed to make its payment, and subsequently, on December 20, 2022, the Borrower received a Notice
of Acceleration and Repossession (the NYDIG Notice from NYDIG with respect to the MEFA, by and between Borrower and NYDIG.
The obligations of Borrower under the MEFA and reflected in the NYDIG Notice are ring-fenced to Borrower and its direct parent company,
Soluna MC LLC. The Company is not a party to any guaranty, collateral agreement or other support agreement with or for the benefit of
NYDIG. Borrower had entered into a dialogue with NYDIG to resolve the matters set forth in the NYDIG Notice. 

The
NYDIG Notice states that (a) Borrower failed to observe or perform certain covenants, conditions or agreements contained in the MEFA
and such failure continued unremedied for a period of ten days after Borrower s knowledge of such breach, which resulted in an
event of default under the MEFA, and (b) Borrower defaulted under the guaranty, collateral agreement, or other support agreement, which
resulted in an event of default under the MEFA. In addition, the NYDIG Notice states that Borrower failed to pay certain payments of
principal and interest under the MEFA when due, which failure also constituted an event of default under the MEFA. As a result of the
foregoing events of default, and pursuant to the MEFA, NYDIG (x) declared the principal amount of all loans due and owing under the MEFA
and all accompanying Loan Documents (as defined in the MEFA) to be due and immediately payable, (y) imposed a default rate of interest
on any outstanding principal amount of each loan (together with all then unpaid interest accruing thereon) and all other obligations
under the MEFA and the Loan Documents, and (z) demanded the return of all equipment subject to the MEFA and the Loan Documents. 

On
February 23, 2023, NYDIG proceeded to foreclose on all of the collateral securing the MEFA, which resulted in a reportable disposition
of all of the Company s mining assets at the site and certain of the operating assets of Project Marie. Additionally, NDYIG has stated its intention to pursue SCI, the parent company of Guarantor, under a piercing of
the corporate veil claim relating to Defendants debts and liabilities under the loan documents. SCI denies any such liability and
has filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against NYDIG in the Eighth Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada on March
16, 2023 seeking a declaratory judgment as to such matter. In a related development,
also on February 23, 2023, the Borrower received a notice of termination of the Management and Hosting Services Agreement with CC Metals
and Alloys, LLC. As a result of this action and certain other characteristics of the facility, the Company elected to shut down the
Marie facility, and has impaired certain property, plant, and equipment assets that were at the Marie facility. The Company believes it will maximize its profits and return on assets by concentrating its personnel and capital on
its Dorothy Facility. 

Project
Sophie 

The
Sophie Project is Soluna s 25 MW modular data center based in Kentucky. This facility is the first site based on Soluna s
modular design, electrical design, and powered by its proprietary software Maestro OS ). The site is powered by the TVA grid
and is designed to operate during off-peak hours to help Western Kentucky Rural Electric Cooperative WKRECC manage its
excess energy consumption. During 2022, power prices at the site, after the full ramp-up of activities, were approximately 4.0 cents per kWh. 

By
April 8, 2022, older machines (Bitmain S9s) at Sophie were replaced with newer models growing the hashrate and a power usage
effectiveness and consuming over 20 MW of energy. In May of 2022, the Project Sophie team moved into the completed offices, added a
new asphalt road, and upgraded the network infrastructure on the site. In June and July of 2022, the site exceeded previous mining
hashrates by installing new Bitmain S19s and replacing S9 machines. Project Sophie has also hosted a series of
curtailment and MaestroOS control system, our proprietary load monitoring management system, demonstrations with leading renewable energy companies and capital providers, further enhancing the site s performance. 

5 

Project
Dorothy 

The
Dorothy Project is a 100 MW Soluna modular data center co-located at the Briscoe Wind Farm in Silverton, Texas. It was acquired as part
of the merger with Soluna Callisto in October 2021, discussed in further details on Footnote 5 on the consolidated financial statements.
The initial 50MW phase of the project includes 44 modular data center buildings in two sub-phases, Dorothy 1A and Dorothy 1B. Each of
these phases is 25 MW each. Dorothy is the second modular data center built using Soluna s proprietary design and software. The
facility is designed to consume the wasted electricity from the wind farm and the grid. It incorporates learnings and enhancements from
the Sophie project. 

Permitting
and Construction: 

In
March 2022, Soluna began site level construction via an early access agreement with the landowner and Briscoe Wind Farm, LLC., to place the concrete pad and erection
of the site s main warehouse. In April
of 2022, the procurement of internet service providers began. By May 2022, the company began erecting the prefabricated modular
data center buildings and trenching for underground electrical conduits. 

On
June 15, 2022, the Electric Reliability Council of Texas ERCOT ), the Texas independent system operator, formed
a new taskforce, Large Flexible Load Interconnection Taskforce LTLTF of LFL to deal with the overwhelming
increase in new load interconnection requests related to Bitcoin Mining. The new task force s charter focused on studying the systems
impact of these data centers and to establish a new interim process for approval. The new process included the addition of new technical
studies and modeling to ensure the reliability of the electrical system. Briscoe, Oncor and Soluna collaborated on completing the required
technical studies throughout the summer and early fall of 2022. 

On
October 31, 2022, after the completion of required studies, the Briscoe Wind Farm submitted a revised Resource Asset Registration Forms RARF to ERCOT requesting the addition of the Dorothy Project as a 100 MW behind-the-meter load and to initiate the modeling
process. On December 8, 2022, the Briscoe/Soluna project was approved by the ERCOT modeling team. On December 19, 2022, all required
studies were approved and the Dorothy Project received a Met Planning approval from ERCOT LFL. 

While these ERCOT approvals were being obtained, through the summer and fall of 2022, Soluna continued the
construction of Dorothy erecting more buildings, installing power infrastructure, completing the warehouse and office buildings,
including ancillary HVAC and power. From September to December 2022, all mechanical and electrical construction was completed for
Dorothy 1A. On October 15, 2022, Dorothy 1B s construction was officially paused. In March 2023, the data center s
substation interconnection was completed, and Dorothy 1B s construction was resumed and the site s network and
Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition systems were installed. 

Project-level
Financing: 

On
April 22, 2022, SCI signed definitive agreements with funds managed by Spring Lane Capital SLC to provide a 35
million pool of capital for financing Soluna projects co-located with renewable energy projects. At least 12.5 million of the pool was
earmarked for the Dorothy Project. In July 2022, Soluna began drawing down on the SLC capital to finance Dorothy construction and
return capital to the Company for past funding. In exchange for SLC s contributions, the Company and Spring Lane were issued approximately 68 and 32 of the
Class B Membership Interests in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC DVSL ). The Company consolidated the accounts of DVSL, a Variable
Interest Entity VIE ), as of December 31, 2022. 

On
March 10, 2023, SCI completed the final tranche of a series of project-level agreements for 7.5 million of capital to fund the
first 25 MW of the Dorothy Facility and corporate expenses from funds managed by SLC. This additional capital will be used to help
complete the substation interconnection and the final stages of the Dorothy Facility, and corporate operations of Soluna. SLC has
been a strategic partner for Soluna at the project and corporate levels of the business since 2022. In this series of transactions,
SLC has increased its stake in DVSL from approximately 32 to 85 and has in turn reduced SCI s ownership
from 68 to 15 . After SLC realizes an 18 Internal Rate of Return hurdle on its investments, Soluna retains the right to 50 of the
profits on Soluna DVSL ComputeCo. 

The second 25 MW being developed as part of the Dorothy Facility, the ownership of which is held within Soluna DV
ComputeCo, LLC DV ), remains indirectly wholly owned by the Company. 

Operating
Definitive Agreements with Counter Parties: 

Throughout
2022 SCI s corporate development continued to negotiate the definitive documents with Golden Spread Electric Cooperative, Inc.,
a Texas cooperative corporation GSEC and Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc., a Texas cooperative corporation LHEC ),
Oncor Electric Delivery, LLC Oncor and Briscoe Wind Farm, LLC s various sponsors and financing parties Briscoe ).
These agreements were finalized in March 2023 (see below). 

On
March 2, 2023, Soluna DV Services, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company ServeCo and an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, entered into a series of agreements with Briscoe, (b) GSEC, and (c) LHEC. All the agreements were effective
as of February 24, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The Company is developing a modular data center in phases (the Dorothy
Facility ). The two phases of the Dorothy Facility will have a peak demand of 50 megawatts, and if, upon mutual agreement,
all four phases are completed, the data center will have an estimated peak demand of 150 megawatts. The Dorothy Facility will be located
next to, and supplied energy from, Briscoe s 150-megawatt wind farm located at or near Briscoe and Floyd Counties, Texas (the Briscoe
Wind Farm ). Under the agreements, LHEC and GSEC will supply the Dorothy Facility with energy from the Briscoe Wind Farm and
the ERCOT market. 

ServeCo
and LHEC entered into an Agreement for Electric Service to Soluna DV Services, LLC (the Retail Agreement for resale
of energy supplied from the Briscoe Wind Farm and the ERCOT market delivered by GSEC for service to the energy load of the Dorothy Facility.
As noted above, GSEC has by separate agreement arranged to purchase power at wholesale from Briscoe or to deliver and purchase power
from the ERCOT market to serve LHEC with electric power and energy for resale to ServeCo for service to the Dorothy Facility. The initial
term of the Retail Agreement is five years, with up to five extension terms of one year each unless terminated by LHEC or ServeCo. 

ServeCo
and Briscoe also entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement ), pursuant to which Briscoe and
ServeCo agreed to certain rights, obligations, and restrictions with respect to the real property of the Dorothy Facility and the construction,
interconnection, permitting, operation, maintenance, removal, and decommissioning of the Dorothy Facility and applicable credit support.
Soluna DV ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and Soluna DVSL
ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company became parties to the Cooperation
Agreement by each entering into a Joinder Agreement on the Effective Date. Unless terminated sooner in accordance with its terms, the
term of the Cooperation Agreement is from the Effective Date until the expiration or termination of the Power Purchase Agreement, by
and between Briscoe and GSEC, dated as of the Effective Date (the PPA ). 

6 

ServeCo,
Briscoe, LHEC, and GSEC also entered into a Performance and Net Energy Security Agreement (the PSA ), pursuant to
which ServeCo will provide certain credit support to LHEC in connection with its obligations under the Retail Agreement and the other
transaction agreements. The PSA is effective on the Effective Date and will remain in effect for 18 months following the later of the
termination of the Retail Agreement or the termination of the PPA. 

On
the Effective Date, ServeCo and Alice Fay Grabbe Owner entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease to lease certain real property located in Briscoe County, Texas for the Dorothy Facility. Unless terminated sooner in accordance with
its terms, the initial term of the Lease is five years. The initial term of the Lease will automatically extend for five additional one-year
periods, unless terminated by ServeCo or Owner. 

Company Organization 

Our
website is at http://www.solunacomputing.com . Information contained on our website does not constitute part of and is not incorporated
into this Annual Report. 

The
corporate organizational structure as of December 31, 2022, of SHI appears below. 

Effective
January 1, 2023, SLC increased its stake in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo from approximately 32 to 85 and has in turn reduced SCI s
ownership from 68 to 15 . 

7 

Notice
of Potential Delisting 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company received a letter (the Nasdaq Notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The NASDAQ
Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock (the Common
Stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Common Stock no longer meets the requirement to maintain a minimum closing
bid price of 1.00 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the
Company s Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

In
accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has a grace period of 180 calendar days, or until June 21, 2023, to regain
compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing. In order to regain compliance, the minimum closing bid
price per share of the Company s Common Stock must be at least 1.00 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. 

Results
of Special Meeting of Stockholders on March 10, 202 3 

The
Company held the Special Meeting of stockholders on March 10, 2023, in which the following items were approved by the Company s
stockholders: 

Proposal
 No. 1 : The Company s stockholders approved (a) the issuance of shares of the Company s
 common stock to certain investors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement dated December
 5, 2022 entered into among the Company and such investors (the December 2022 Purchase
 Agreement ), (b) the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock upon the
 exercise of warrants issued to such investors pursuant to the December 2022 Purchase Agreement,
 and (c) the issuance of additional shares of the Company s common stock, and the issuance
 of shares of the Company s common stock upon the exercise of additional related warrants,
 upon the exercise of options granted to such investors under the December 2022 Purchase Agreement,
 in each case as required by the terms of the December 2022 Purchase Agreement and Nasdaq
 Listing Rules. 
 
 Proposal
 No. 2 : The Company s stockholders approved (a) adjustments to the conversion price
 of outstanding convertible promissory notes, (b) adjustments to the exercise price of outstanding
 warrants to purchase the Company s common stock held by the holders of outstanding
 convertible promissory notes, (c) the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock
 upon the conversion of such convertible promissory notes, and (d) the issuance of shares
 of the Company s common stock upon the exercise of such warrants to purchase the Company s
 common stock, in each case as required by the terms of the December 2022 Purchase Agreement
 and Nasdaq Listing Rules. 
 
 Proposal
 No. 3 : The Company s stockholders approved the Soluna Holdings, Inc. Third Amended
 and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, (the Third Amended and Restated 2021 Plan ),
 which amended and restated the Soluna Holdings, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2021 Stock
 Incentive Plan, to, among other things, increase the number of shares of the Company s
 common stock reserved for issuance thereunder, on a quarterly basis, to 18.75 of the shares
 of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the first trading day of each quarter,
 and allow the Company to grant awards of shares of the Company s 9.0 Series A Cumulative
 Perpetual Preferred Stock (with and without restrictions); and 
 
 Proposal
 No. 4 : The Company s stockholders approved the Soluna Holdings, Inc. 2023 Stock
 Incentive Plan, (the 2023 Plan ), which sets the number of shares of the Company s
 common stock reserved for issuance thereunder, on a quarterly basis, to 9.75 of the shares
 of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the first trading day of each quarter. 

Business
Segments 

Cryptocurrency
Proprietary Mining Segment 

SCI
engages in cryptocurrency mining by which transactions between cryptocurrency users are verified and added to the blockchain public ledger.
Cryptocurrency mining also introduces new cryptocurrency coins into the existing circulating supply, facilitating a peer-to-peer decentralized
network without the need for a third-party central authority. 

Cryptocurrency
Mining Revenue 

SCI recognizes revenue when the related cryptocurrencies are converted to U.S. dollars through its accounts with
Coinbase and Bittrex, cryptocurrency exchanges (i.e., a platform that facilitates the exchange of cryptocurrencies for other assets, such
as conventional money or other digital currencies). SCI exchanges cryptocurrency to U.S. dollars through the Coinbase and Bittrex account
daily. SCI primarily mines Bitcoin and in prior years and to a lesser degree, in 2022, mined Ethereum, Ethereum Classic LiteCoin, RavenCoin,
Zcash, and Sia. The type of cryptocurrency mined is based specifically on the installed cryptocurrency miner, in each of the Company s
data centers, as each miner can mine only one type of cryptocurrency at a time. The miners perform complex computations at a speed
referred to as the hash rate. SCI participates in mining pools where our miners computations are combined with those
of other miners owned by others to place blocks on the blockchain, which generates the relevant Proof of Work and related cryptocurrency
reward. The mining pool operator uses software to track contributions to the pool made by all the miners and allocates the newly
minted cryptocurrency to each participant in the pool based on their pro rata contributions. SCI monitors its contributions to each
pool and the distribution of the relevant cryptocurrency to ensure that SCI receives the correct amount of cryptocurrency. The cryptocurrencies
allocated to SCI are automatically issued to its Coinbase and Bittrex accounts either daily or based on reaching a threshold level of
a mined coin as established by SCI with the pools. Certain coins, such as Sia and Zcash are converted to Bitcoin by the pool prior to
being transferred to SCI s Coinbase and Bittrex accounts. Coinbase and Bittrex conversions to U.S. dollars are initiated daily by
SCI. Coinbase and Bittrex converts the coins to U.S. dollars based on the coin price at the time of the transfer. The U.S.
dollars are then transferred to SCI s bank account. 

8 

Cryptocurrency
Data Hosting Services Segment 

The
Company has entered into customer hosting contracts whereby the Company provides electrical power and network connectivity to cryptocurrency
mining customers, in exchange for a fixed rate per megawatt-hour MWh ( Contract Capacity ), and a share of
mining profits. The majority of the Company s hosting services were located at the Project Marie facility. The Company allocated
approximately 10 MWs to hosted customers. The hosting fee is paid monthly in advance. The actual monthly amounts are calculated after
the close of each month and reconciled to the monthly advance based on the clauses contained in the ASIC respective contracts. Monthly
advanced payments and customer deposits are reflected as other liabilities. Customer contract security deposits are made at the time
the contract is signed and held until the conclusion of the contract relationship. In
August of 2022, the Company executed a change in the hosting contract at Project Marie, in which the Company moved to charging a flat
fee per month, with the electricity charges then treated as a pass-through and in turn not recognized as revenue. The Company still receives
a profit share component from this hosting contract. On February 23, 2023, the Borrower received a notice of termination of the Management
and Hosting Services Agreement with CC Metals and Alloys, LLC. As a result of this action and certain other characteristics of the facility
(see above), the Company elected to shut down the Marie facility. The Company expects future hosting
contracts to have an electricity pass-through impact, operations overhead fee component, and profit share elements noted above. 

Cryptocurrency
Assets for both Mining and Hosting services 

Soluna
engages in the design, development and building of site locations that are employed to host certain cryptocurrency assets, known as miners.
Soluna constructs and builds these data centers employing certain know how. These site location facilities contain certain buildings
called modular data centers, electrical equipment including transformers, switch gear and busways, racking and other equipment. 

Cryptocurrency
assets, known as miners, consist of hardware and software that perform the computations needed to mine cryptocurrencies, as discussed
under Cryptocurrency Revenue above, and as such are the source of the associated revenues generated by a cryptocurrency
mine, including SCI s. SCI has several thousand miners in service, mostly Bitmains, that generate Bitcoin. For a number of reasons,
including (i) that SCI purchases miners in the secondary market from a number of different sellers, and (ii) that the price fluctuates
because of supply and demand, as well as changes in the price of the specific cryptocurrency that can be mined by the miner purchased,
which in turn drives the cost of the miners, the cost of purchasing these assets fluctuates regularly. 

Bitcoin
Mining Ecosystem and Competitive Landscape 

Bitcoin
miners compete on a global basis and organize themselves in a wide range of structures from individuals using one or more systems to
run mining operations to industrial-scale data centers with thousands of systems. The zero-sum, winner take-all approach results in an
intense focus on innovation in hardware, software, facility design, and power procurement strategies. Miners may organize themselves
into pools, which creates a more stable revenue stream aggregating their hashrate with other miners. The mining business is global and
is not dominated by any particular individual or organization. 

The
Cambridge Bitcoin Electricity Consumption Index estimates that hashrate is distributed globally on the following basis (January - 2022): 1 

United
 States - 37.8 
 
 China
 - 21.1 
 
 Kazakhstan
 - 13.2 
 
 Canada
 - 6.5 
 
 Russia
 - 4.7 
 
 All
 others - 16.7 

1 https://ccaf.io/cbeci/mining_map 

9 

The
Company differentiates its strategy in three principal ways: 

1. Focus
 on Stranded Renewable Energy: We believe that our emphasis on using renewable energy sources
 for our mining operations, including stranded renewables, provides us with a long-term competitive
 advantage. Stranded renewables refer to clean energy resources that are underutilized due
 to their remote locations or grid constraints. By tapping into these stranded resources,
 we reduce bitcoin mining s environmental impact while taking advantage of the excess
 capacity that would otherwise go to waste. Also, leveraging sustainable power sources such
 as solar, wind, and hydroelectric allows us to benefit from the long-term secular cost advantages
 associated with these sources. As the demand for clean energy increases, there will be increases in technology improvements, government support, and other emerging technologies in which
will drive the cost of renewable
 energy production to decrease, ultimately lowering our operational expenses and
 allowing us to preserve our competitive differentiation. 

2. Operations
 in the United States: Our strategic decision to establish operations in the United States,
 particularly in Texas and Kentucky, allows us to capitalize on these region s relatively
 stable regulatory environments. The United States has a well-established legal framework
 that provides clearer guidance on cryptocurrency and blockchain technology compared to other
 jurisdictions. Additionally, both Texas and Kentucky have become a hub for cryptocurrency
 mining due to abundant and affordable energy resources, business-friendly regulations, and
 political support for the industry. By situating our operations in this region, we benefit
 from a more predictable regulatory regime, which minimizes potential disruptions to our business
 and enhances our competitive position. 

3. Diversification
 of Revenue Streams: In addition to our core Bitcoin mining operations, we have expanded our
 business model to host other miners and, in the future, may expand into other various types
 of computing workloads, providing us with a more stable revenue mix. By offering our state-of-the-art
 infrastructure, renewable energy sources, and competitive pricing, we generate additional,
 more predictable income while promoting the use of clean energy within the mining industry. Furthermore,
 the Company is exploring opportunities to accommodate other high-performance computing
 needs, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data analytics. This diversification
 strategy helps us mitigate the risks associated with the volatile nature of the cryptocurrency
 market and strengthens our competitive position in the broader technology landscape. 

Notwithstanding
these competitive advantages, we continue to face stiff competition from other cryptocurrency mining companies, some of which may
have greater financial, technical, and operational resources. Our primary competitors are: 

Core
 Scientific, Inc. 
 
 Marathon
 Digital Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Riot
 Blockchain, Inc. 
 
 CleanSpark
 Inc 
 
 Cipher
 Mining, Inc., 
 
 Bitfarms
 Ltd 
 
 HIVE
 Blockchain Technologies, Ltd., 
 
 Argo
 Blockchain PLC 
 
 Hut
 8 Mining Corp. 
 
 Iris
 Energy 
 
 Terawulf
 Inc 
 
 Bit
 Digital Inc 
 
 Digihost
 Technology Inc 
 DMG
 Blockchain Solutions 
 
 Applied
 Digital Corp. 
 
 Stronghold
 Digital Mining 
 
 Sphere
 3dD Corp. 
 
 Mawson
 Infrastructure Group 
 
 Greenidge
 Generation 

As
the industry evolves, new entrants may emerge, and existing competitors may adopt new strategies or technologies that could potentially
challenge our position. To stay competitive, we remain committed to continuously improving our mining efficiency, investing in advanced
technologies, and closely monitoring regulatory developments to navigate the dynamic competitive landscape effectively. 

Intellectual
Property 

The
production of Bitcoin is governed by open source software and in addition relies upon internally developed software and design
methodologies which it protects as trade secrets. 

Soluna
has filed eight provisional patent applications with the U.S. Patent and Trade Market Office. These patents pertain to the technologies
related to the Modular Data Center (MDC) concept employed by the Company such as their modular architecture, cooling technology, simulations
technology and overall technologies related to the control of the data center. There are also provisional patents regarding the variable
power consumption of the data center and the local co-optimization of power generation supply with demand. Provisional patent applications
must be converted into full patent applications within one year of filing. 

Soluna
also filed two full patent applications, both of which are utility patents. The first is related to the modular data center, specifically
the layout of the buildings (modules) on a site. The layout as well as specific elements are critical elements which drive our efficiency. 

The second full application is around the local co-optimization of power generation supply with demand generated using a data center.
This patent outlines the methodology of having an independently metered load co-located with power generation. 

There
can be no assurance that any of the Company s patent applications will be granted, or if granted, will convey any competitive advantage
to the Company. Enforcing patents is a timely and expensive process and the Company may not have sufficient resources to pursue any infringement. 

Soluna
has a registered trademark for the Company name. 

10 

Equity
investment Harmattan Energy, Ltd HEL 

Simultaneously
with entering into the January 2020 Operating and Management Agreement with HEL, the Company, pursuant to a purchase agreement it entered
into with HEL, made a strategic investment in HEL by purchasing 158,730 Class A Preferred Shares of HEL for an aggregate purchase price
of 500,000. After acceptance of the Deliverables, as required by the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company purchased an additional
79,365 Class A Preferred Shares of HEL for an aggregate purchase price of 250,000. The Company also has the right, but not the obligation,
to purchase additional equity securities of HEL and its subsidiaries (including additional Class A Preferred Shares of HEL) if HEL secures
certain levels or types of project financing with respect to its own wind power generation facilities. The Company has additionally entered
into a Side Letter Agreement, dated January 13, 2020, with Soluna Technologies Investment I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
that owns, on a fully diluted basis, 61.5 of HEL and is controlled by a Brookstone Partners-affiliated director of the Company. The
Side Letter Agreement provides for the transfer to the Company of additional Class A Preferred Shares of HEL in the event HEL issues
additional equity below agreed-upon valuation thresholds. 

Several
of HEL s equity holders are affiliated with Brookstone Partners, the investment firm that holds an equity interest in the
Company through Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC. One of our Brookstone-affiliated directors serves as a director and is
currently acting President of HEL, and the other Brookstone-affiliated director and the Company s CEO, has an ownership
interest in HEL. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had performed an impairment assessment and noted that the full
amount of 750,000 for the Company s investment in HEL had been impaired and written off the books for fiscal year
2022. 

Existing
or Probable Governmental Regulations 

Regulatory 

Cryptocurrency
mining is largely an unregulated activity at both the state and federal level. We anticipate that cryptocurrency mining will face
increased regulation in the near and long-term. We cannot predict how future regulations may affect our business or operations.
State regulation of cryptocurrency mining is important with respect to where we conduct our mining operations. Our Dorothy Project
is located in the State of Texas. To the extent that there is any state regulation, Texas is one of the most favorable regulatory
environments for cryptocurrency miners. 

In
March 2022, the United States announced plans to establish a unified federal regulatory regime for cryptocurrency, and a group of United
States Senators sent a letter to the United States Treasury Department asking Treasury Secretary Yellen to investigate Treasury s
ability to monitor and restrict the use of cryptocurrencies to evade sanctions imposed by the United States. We are unable to predict
the impact that any new regulations may have on our business at the time of filing this Annual Report. We continue to monitor and proactively
engage in dialogue on legislative matters related to our industry. 

On
August 17, 2022, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the U.S. House of Representatives sent letters to other public companies with
Bitcoin mining operations requesting information related to the environmental impact and energy consumption of the recipients. 

In
September 2022, the White House issued a report regarding the Climate and Energy Implications of Crypto-Assets in the United States.
The report states that the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Agency should initiate a process to solicit data and develop
environmental performance and energy conservation standards for crypto-asset technologies, including mining equipment. Should such measures
prove ineffective at achieving the Administration s environmental goals, the report calls for the Administration to explore executive
actions and legislation to limit or eliminate the use of high energy intensity consensus mechanisms for crypto-asset mining. 

We
are unable to predict the impact that any new standards, legislation, or regulations may have on our business at the time of filing this
Annual Report. We continue to monitor and proactively engage in dialogue on regulatory and legislative matters related to our industry. 

Further,
in December 2022 the SEC s Division of Corporation Finance issued guidance advising companies to disclose exposure and risk to
the cryptocurrency market. While the focus is on digital asset managers and exchanges, and not Bitcoin miners, the failure of such large
asset managers and exchanges may create increased price volatility of Bitcoin. Soluna does not store our Bitcoin on such exchanges; however,
we may be impacted by such failures. 

11 

In
January 2023, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued a joint
statement discouraging banks from doing business with clients in crypto-asset industries. In January 2023, the Federal Reserve also issued
a policy statement broadening its authority to cover state-chartered banks. 

Also
in January 2023, the House of Representatives announced its first ever Financial Services Subcommittee on Digital Assets and the intention
to develop a regulatory framework for the digital asset industry. Bipartisan leadership of the Senate Banking Committee announced that
goal as well. 

As
the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies,
which may affect our mining and other activities. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and
future regulation pose to our business, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. 

Environmental 

There
are increasing concerns over the quantity of energy, particularly from non-renewable sources, used for Bitcoin mining and its effects
on the environment. Many media reports focus exclusively on the energy requirements of Bitcoin mining and cite it as an environmental
concern. However, those reports tend to omit discussion of the positive contributions associated with Bitcoin mining to other customers
on the electrical grid. Bitcoin mining operations present a stable demand for energy and can be quickly curtailed, uniquely positioning
businesses that engage in Bitcoin mining to respond to increased electricity demand in emergency situations. Overall, our operations
incentivize new power generation development, and our actions help to reduce the frequency and impact of power failures and electricity
price surges. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of March 20, 2023, we had 32 employees, including 30 full-time employees, 1 part-time employee, and 1 full-time consultant consisting
of nine SHI employees (six are in finance and three executives), 23 SCI employees. Of the SCI employees one was in finance, fourteen
in operations, one in corporate development, four in technology and engineering, and two executives. The operations personnel include
both individuals directly involved in the strategy of our data centers as well as data center maintenance and supervisory roles. Certain
positions within our organization require industry-specific technical knowledge. We have been successful in attracting and retaining
qualified technical personnel for these positions. None of our employees are covered by any collective bargaining agreement. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, engaging, incentivizing, and integrating
our existing and additional employees. The Company supports its employees through a competitive compensation package, including company
equity, generous health benefits and a flexible PTO policy. We have a combination of remote and on-site employees. 

Insurance

The
Company and its subsidiaries maintains insurance policies with reputable insurers against such risks and in such amounts as
management has determined to be prudent for our operations and that we believe are similar in scope and coverage in all material
respects to insurance policies maintained by other similarly situated businesses. These policies include coverages for D O,
Builders Risk, Property, General Liability, Auto and other casualty lines of business. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business, financial condition and operating results are subject to a number of risk factors, both those that are known to us and identified
below and others that may arise from time to time. These risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
suggested by forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report and elsewhere, and may adversely
affect our business, financial condition or operating results. If any of these risk factors should occur, moreover, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and investors in our securities could lose all or part of their investment in our securities. These
risk factors, along with other information contained in this Report, should be carefully considered in evaluating our prospects. 

Risks
Relating to the Company and its Growth Strategy 

The
Company s ability to operate as a going concern is in doubt. 

The
audit opinion and notes that accompany the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements disclose a going concern qualification to
its ability to continue in business. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared under the assumption that
the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses resulting in an accumulated deficit of 221.8 million as
of December 31, 2022, and further losses are anticipated in the development of its business. 

12 

The
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements has shown that the Company did not generate sufficient revenue to generate net income
and has negative working capital as of December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on
its ability to raise capital to fund its future data centers and working capital requirements or its ability to profitably execute its
business plan. The Company s plans for the long-term return to and continuation as a going concern include financing its future
operations through sales of its Common Shares and/or debt. Additionally, the volatility in capital markets and general economic conditions
in the U.S. and elsewhere can pose significant challenges to raising the required funds. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments required to realize its assets and discharge
its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

We
may not be able to refinance, extend or repay our substantial indebtedness owed to our convertible note debt holders, which would have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
anticipate that we will need to raise a significant amount of debt or equity capital in the near future in order to repay our outstanding
debt obligations owed to our convertible noteholders when they mature. On October 25, 2021, the Company issued to certain institutional
investors secured convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of approximately 16.3 million for an aggregate purchase price
of 15.0 million. Through original issuance until March 23, 2023, the noteholders have converted approximately 5.2 million of debt.
As of March 23, 2023, we owed our convertible debt holders approximately 11.6 million of principal which is currently due on April 25,
2023. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital to repay these obligations at maturity and we are otherwise unable to extend the maturity
dates or refinance these obligations, we would be in default. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to raise the necessary
amount of capital to repay these obligations or that we will be able to extend the maturity dates or otherwise refinance these obligations.
Upon a default in the convertible debt our convertible debt holders would have the right to exercise its rights and remedies to collect,
which would include foreclosing on our assets. Accordingly, a default would have a material adverse effect on our business and, if our
convertible noteholders exercise its rights and remedies, we would likely be forced to seek bankruptcy protection. 

We
may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions due to global pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of disease and the resulting global supply
chain crisis. 

Global
trade conditions and consumer trends that originated during the COVID-19 pandemic continue to persist and may also have long-lasting
adverse impact on us and our industry. There are continued risks arising from new pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of disease, and ongoing
COVID-19 related issues which have exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional
expenses to expedite delivery of new miners, as well as critical materials needed for our expansion plans. Further, miner manufacturers
have been impacted by the constrained supply of the semiconductors used in the production of the highly specialized ASIC chips miners
rely on, and increased labor costs to manufacture new miners as workforces and global supply chains continue to be affected by COVID-19
and may further be affected by global outbreaks of various epidemics or disease, ultimately leading to continually higher prices for
new miners. Thus, until the global supply chain crisis is resolved, and these extraordinary pressures are alleviated, we expect to continue
to incur higher than usual costs to obtain and deploy new miners and we may face difficulties obtaining the new miners we need at prices
or in quantities we find acceptable, if at all, and our business and results of operations may suffer as a result. 

In
addition, labor shortages resulting from the pandemic may lead to increased difficulty and labor costs in hiring and retaining the highly
qualified and motivated people we need to conduct our business and execute on our strategic growth initiatives. Sustaining our growth
plans will require the ongoing readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors, a stable and motivated production workforce, and
government cooperation, each of which may be affected by macroeconomic factors outside of our immediate control. 

We
cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends or their sustained impact. Ultimately, we continue to monitor macroeconomic
conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and we will have to accurately project demand and
infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our workforce and capital resources accordingly. If we experience unfavorable global
market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required
to or choose to suspend such operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 

We
expect the cost of acquiring new miners to continue to be affected by the global supply chain crisis. 

Similarly,
the global supply chain crisis, coupled with increased demand for computer chips, has created a shortfall of semiconductors, resulting
in challenges for the supply chain and production of the miners we employ in our Bitcoin mining operations. The miners are highly specialized
servers built around ASIC chips, which very few manufacturers are able to produce in sufficient scale and quality to suit our operations.
As a result, the cost to produce these miners has increased, and their manufacturers have passed on increased costs of production to
purchasers like us. Therefore, until the global supply chain crisis is resolved, and these extraordinary pressures are alleviated, we
expect to continue to incur higher than usual costs to obtain and deploy new miners, which could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

13 

Construction
of our future facilities potentially exposes us to additional risks. 

We
intend to continue constructing modular data centers in addition to our Dorothy Facility, which potentially exposes us to significant
risks we may otherwise not be exposed to, including risks related to, among other sources: construction delays; lack of availability
of parts and/or labor, increased prices as a result, in part to inflation, and delays for data center equipment; labor disputes and work
stoppages, including interruptions in work due to pandemics, epidemics, and other health risks; unanticipated environmental issues and
geological problems; delays related to permitting and approvals to open from public agencies and utility companies; and delays in site
readiness leading to our failure to meet commitments made in connection with such expansion. 

All
construction related projects depend on the skill, experience, and attentiveness of our personnel throughout the design and construction
process. Should a designer, general contractor, significant subcontractor or key supplier experience financial problems or other problems
during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other
negative impacts to our expected returns. 

If
we are unable to overcome these risks and additional pressures to complete our expansion projects in a timely manner, if at all, we may
not realize their anticipated benefits, and our business and financial condition may suffer as a result. 

We
may have difficulty in obtaining banking services for our cryptocurrency activities. 

While
the banking authorities in the United States do not prohibit banks from providing banking services to cryptocurrency-related businesses
such as the Company, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency have issued directives to banks
in the United relating to their crypto-asset risks and as a result a significant number of banks have determined to limit such activities.
Accordingly, we have had, and may have in the future have, difficulty in opening bank accounts, obtaining letters of credit and generally
access to the banking system. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional funding to scale the SCI hosting and proprietary cryptocurrency mining business to a larger-scale
business. 

We
are considering further increasing the size of our business as we seek to leverage our experience and expertise in area of hosting and
proprietary cryptocurrency mining operations. To do so, however, we will need to raise additional debt and/or equity financing, which
may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to generate adequate cash from our operations or find sources of funding
would require us to scale back or curtail our operations or expansion efforts, including limiting our ability to expand the SCI hosting
and cryptocurrency business to a larger-scale operation, and would have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. If
we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests, and the per-share
value of our Common Stock could decline. Furthermore, if we engage in additional debt financing, the holders of debt likely would have
priority over the holders of Common Stock on order of payment preference. We may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability
to incur additional indebtedness or take other actions including terms that require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios
that could otherwise not be in the interests of our stockholders. 

We
rely upon strategic partners to finance certain of our facilities. 

In
order to complete construction of the first phase of our Dorothy Facility we have partnered with Spring Lane Capital, which provided
 14.0 in funding to complete construction and fund corporate expenses, and we may seek similar funding completion of subsequent phases
of the Dorothy Facility and our other projects in development. As a result, we will be requiring financing assistance as well as cooperation
in significant operation decisions affecting the projects. If we are unable to obtain strategic partners for our projects or if we and
our partners disagree on matters affecting our projects, our growth, prospects and financial results may be adversely affected. 

The
lack of regulation of digital asset exchanges which Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, are traded on, may expose us to the effects
of negative publicity resulting from fraudulent actors in the cryptocurrency space, and can adversely affect an investment in the Company.

The
digital asset exchanges on which Bitcoin is traded are relatively new and largely unregulated. Many digital asset exchanges do not provide
the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices, or regulatory compliance.
As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, such digital asset exchanges, including
prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. In 2022, a number of digital asset exchanges
filed for bankruptcy proceedings and/or became the subjects of investigation by various governmental agencies for, among other things,
fraud, causing a loss of confidence and an increase in negative publicity for the digital asset ecosystem. As a result, many digital
asset markets, including the market for Bitcoin, have experienced increased price volatility. The Bitcoin ecosystem may continue to be
negatively impacted and experience long term volatility if public confidence decreases. 

14 

These
events are continuing to develop, and it is not possible to predict, at this time, every risk that they may pose to us, our service providers,
or the digital asset industry as a whole. A perceived lack of stability in the digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary
shutdown of digital asset exchanges due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may reduce
confidence in digital asset networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a digital
asset exchange s failure could adversely affect an investment in us. 

Recent
events in the industry, such as filing for and seeking protection of Chapter 11 proceedings by major market participants, may have significant
impact on further development and acceptance of digital asset networks and digital assets as they exposed how unpredictable and turbulent
the digital assets industry can be. Specifically, the Chapter 11 Bankruptcy filings of digital asset exchanges FTX Trading Ltd., et al. FTX (including its affiliated hedge fund, Alameda Research LLC) was unexpected and significantly reduced confidence in
the digital assets industry as it was one of the largest and considered among safest digital asset trading platforms. Furthermore, it
also revealed potential systemic risks and industry contagion as a significant number of other major market participants were affected
by FTX s Chapter 11 filing namely, among others, BlockFi Inc., et al. BlockFi ), as one of the largest digital
assets lending companies. At this time, we believe that there are no significant exposures of our business to any of the industry participants
who filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy; however, such failure of key institutions in the cryptocurrency asset industry highlights the risk
of systemic interconnectedness between major market participants and the effect it could have on the industry as a whole. 

The
closure and temporary shutdown of major digital asset exchanges and trading platforms, such as FTX, due to fraud or business failure,
has disrupted investor confidence in cryptocurrencies and led to a rapid escalation of oversight of the digital asset industry. Thus,
the failures of key market participants and systemic contagion risk is expected to, as a consequence, invite stricter regulatory scrutiny.
All this could have a negative impact on further development and acceptance of digital asset networks and digital assets, including Bitcoin. 

Bitcoin
market exposure to financially troubled cryptocurrency-based companies. 

The
failure of several crypto platforms has impacted and may continue to impact the broader crypto economy; the full extent of these impacts
may not yet be known. Bitcoin is part of the cryptocurrency environment and is subject to price volatility resulting from financial instability,
poor business practices, and fraudulent activities of players in the cryptocurrency market. When investors in cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency-based
companies experience financial difficulty as a result of price volatility, poor business practices, and/or fraud, it has caused, and
may cause additional, loss of confidence in the cryptocurrency space, reputational harm to cryptocurrency assets, heightened scrutiny
by regulatory authorities and law makers, and a steep decline in the value of Bitcoin, among other material impacts. Such adverse effects
have affected, and may in the future affect, the profitability of our Bitcoin mining operations and our ability to obtain a profit from
hosting institutional-scale data center clients. 

Our
business plan is heavily dependent upon acquisitions and strategic alliances and our ability to identify, acquire or ally on appropriate
terms, and successfully integrate and manage any acquired companies or alliances will impact our financial condition and operating results.

Part
of our strategy to grow our business is dependent on the acquisition of other entities or businesses in the future that complement our
current products, enhance our market coverage or technical capabilities, or offer growth opportunities. We may also need to form strategic
alliances or partnerships in order to remain competitive in our market. We may not be able, however, to identify and successfully negotiate
suitable acquisitions alliances, obtain any financing necessary for such acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete any
such acquisitions or alliances. Further, any acquisition or alliance may require a significant amount of management s time and
financial resources to complete; furthermore, such acquisitions, strategic alliances or partnerships could be difficult to integrate,
disrupt our business and dilute stockholder value. 

For
example, in January 2020, the Company formed SCI as its wholly owned subsidiary to pursue a new business line focused on cryptocurrency
and the blockchain ecosystem. In October 2021, Soluna Computing became a wholly owned subsidiary of SCI pursuant to a merger. Prior to
the merger, Soluna Computing had assisted us in developing and operating the cryptocurrency mining facility through contractual arrangements.
In May 2022, SCI secured an investment by Spring Lane Capital into the first 25 MW of Project Dorothy. Spring Lane initially invested
 3.85 million and agreed to fund thirty-two percent (32 of further costs throughout 2022 subject to a ceiling amount of 12.5 million.
Later, on March 10, 2023, Spring Lane agreed to increase its participation in this first 25 MW for an additional 7.5 million, plus a
similar share of all additional costs incurred during 2023 to complete the project, with a ceiling of total invested through March 10,
2023, plus an additional 3.0 million. 

15 

In
the future, we may acquire or form strategic alliances or partnerships with other businesses in order to remain competitive or to acquire
new technologies. Acquisitions, alliances and investments involve numerous risks, including: 

the
 potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination, acquisition or alliance; 

difficulties
 in and the cost of integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

difficulty
 of assimilating geographically dispersed operations and personnel of the companies we acquire or ally with; 

impairment
 of relationships with employees, customers, vendors, distributors or business partners of either an acquired business or our own; 

unanticipated
 difficulties in conforming business practices, policies, procedures, internal controls and financial records of acquisitions with
 our own; 

the
 potential inability to successfully integrate acquired operations and products or to realize cost savings or other anticipated benefits
 from integration; 

diversion
 of financial and managerial resources from existing operations; 

risk
 of entering new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; 

potential
 write-offs of acquired assets or investments and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; 

inability
 to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs; 

the
 risk of cancellation or early termination of an alliance by either party; 

potential
 unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 

unanticipated
 expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into the existing businesses; 

negative
 impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets,
 fixed assets and deferred compensation, and the loss of acquired deferred revenue and unbilled deferred revenue; 

loss
 of key employees or customers of acquired companies; 

potential
 disruption of our business or the acquired business; 

inability
 to accurately forecast the performance of recently acquired businesses, resulting in unforeseen adverse effects on our operating
 results; 

the
 tax effects of any acquisitions; and 

Adverse
 accounting impact to our results of operations. 

Our
failure to successfully manage our recent acquisition of Soluna Computing or these investments by Spring Lane into the first 25 MW of
Project Dorothy, or other future acquisitions, strategic alliances or partnerships could seriously harm our operating results. In addition,
our stockholders would be diluted if we finance the future acquisitions, strategic alliances or partnerships by incurring convertible
debt or issuing equity securities. 

We
cannot offer any assurance that we will be able to identify, complete or successfully integrate any suitable acquisitions or suitable
alliances. Even if successfully negotiated and closed, any acquisitions or alliances may not yield expected synergies, may not advance
our business strategy as expected, may fall short of expected return-on-investment targets, or may otherwise fail to achieve their objectives
or perform as contemplated and not prove successful. Companies that we acquire may operate with different cost and margin structures,
which could further cause fluctuations in our operating results and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Risks
Related to our SCI Business and Cryptocurrency 

We
have a history of operating losses, and we may report additional operating losses in the future. 

Our
primary focus is on the hosting and proprietary cryptocurrency mining business, and we have recorded historical losses and negative cash
flow from our operations when the value of Bitcoin we and our hosted customers mine does not exceed associated costs. Further, as part
of our strategic growth plans, we have made capital investments in expanding and vertically integrating our mining operations, increased
our employee base, and incurred additional costs associated with owning and operating a self-mining facility. However, future market
prices of Bitcoin are difficult to predict, and we cannot guarantee that our future revenues will exceed our associated costs. 

SCI
has a limited operating history, and we may not recognize operating income from the SCI line of business in the future. 

SCI
began operations in January 2020 and therefore is subject to all the risks inherent in a newly established business venture in a rapidly
developing and changing industry. SCI s limited operating history also makes it difficult to evaluate SCI s current business
and its future prospects. SCI has not yet been able to confirm that its business model can or will be successful over the long term,
and we may not ever continue to recognize operating income from this business. Our projections for its growth have been developed internally
and may not prove to be accurate. SCI s operating results will likely fluctuate moving forward as we focus on growing our operations
and as the market prices of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies fluctuate. We may need to make business decisions that could adversely
affect SCI s operating results, such as modifications to its business structure or operations. In addition, we expect additional
growth in this business, which could place significant demands on SCI s and the Company s management and other resources
and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. SCI may not be able to address
these challenges in a cost-effective manner or at all. If we do not effectively manage SCI s growth, it may not be able to execute
on its business plan, respond to competitive pressures or take advantage of market opportunities, and our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

16 

Given
SCI s early-stage status, without positive operating income, there is a substantial risk regarding SCI s ability to succeed.
You should consider our business and prospects in light of these risks and the risks and difficulties that we will encounter as we continue
to develop our business model. We may not be able to address these risks and difficulties successfully, which would materially harm our
business and operating results, and we could be forced to terminate our business, liquidate our assets and dissolve, and you could lose
part or all of your investment. 

Prices
of cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile, and if our mined cryptocurrencies are converted into dollars when such values are low, we
may not recognize the income from the conversion of the mined cryptocurrencies that we were expecting. 

The
fluctuating prices of cryptocurrencies represent significant uncertainties for SCI s business. A variety of factors, known and
unknown, may affect price and valuation, including, but not limited to (i) the supply of such cryptocurrencies; (ii) global blockchain
asset demand, which can be influenced by the growth of retail merchants and commercial businesses acceptance of blockchain
assets like cryptocurrencies as payment for goods and services, the security of online cryptocurrency exchanges and networks and digital
wallets that hold blockchain assets, the perception that the use and holding of blockchain assets is safe and secure, and the regulatory
restrictions on their use; (iii) investors expectations with respect to the rate of inflation; (iv) changes in the software, software
requirements or hardware requirements underlying a blockchain network; (v) changes in the rights, obligations, incentives or rewards
for the various participants in a blockchain network; (vi) currency exchange rates; (vii) fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies
of cryptocurrency exchanges and networks and liquidity on such exchanges and networks; (viii) interruptions in service from or failures
of major cryptocurrency exchanges and networks; (ix) investment and trading activities of large subscribers, including private and registered
investment funds, that may directly or indirectly invest in blockchain assets; (x) monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions,
currency devaluations and revaluations; (xi) regulatory measures, if any, that affect the use of blockchain assets; (xii) the maintenance
and development of the open-source software protocol of the cryptocurrency networks; (xiii) global or regional political, economic or
financial events and situations; (xiv) expectations among blockchain participants that the value of blockchain assets will soon change;
and (xv) a decrease in the price of blockchain assets that may have a material adverse effect on SCI s financial condition and
operating results. If our mined cryptocurrencies are converted into dollars when their values are low, we may not recognize the income
from the conversion of the mined cryptocurrencies that we were expecting. Further, the extreme swings in value can make it difficult
for us to develop reasonable financial plans and projections with respect to SCI s business. 

The
Company s business model is evolving and is subject to various uncertainties. 

The
likelihood of the Company s success must be considered in light of our ability to generate revenues by providing relevant services
to our partners in an uncertain industry or industries, including the cryptocurrency and blockchain industry in which we currently operate
and the data center development industry in which we intend to operate, which, in the Company s view, creates and will continue
to create an uncertain business environment for the Company. As the Company s business model evolves, it is possible that we will
decide to modify our business strategy and commence operations in an entirely different industry than the ones in which the Company currently
operates. The Company cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not result in harm
to our business. We may not be able to manage our growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively
affect our operating results. Further, the Company cannot provide any assurance that it will successfully identify all emerging trends
and growth opportunities in any particular business sector and the Company may lose out on business opportunities. Additionally, current
global and regional economic conditions may have a material effect on the demand for the Company s services, which could also materially
affect the Company s partners. Deterioration in the global macroeconomic environment or in certain regions could impact the Company s
financial condition and operations and, depending upon the severity and duration of these factors, the Company s profitability
and liquidity position could be negatively impacted. All such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, prospects and/or operations. 

SCI
may not be able to continue to develop its technology and keep pace with technological developments,
expand its mining operations or otherwise compete with other companies, some of whom have greater resources and experience. 

We
do not have the resources to compete with larger cryptocurrency mining entities at this time and may not be able to compete successfully
against present or future competitors. The cryptocurrency industry has attracted various high-profile and well-established operators,
some of which have substantially greater liquidity and financial resources than we do. With the limited resources we have available,
we may experience great difficulties in expanding and improving our network of miners to remain competitive, and we may not be in a position
to construct additional operational cryptocurrency mines. 

17 

Rapid
technological change is a current feature of the cryptocurrency industry, including hosting and proprietary cryptocurrency mining, and
we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to achieve the technological advances, in a timely manner or at all, that may be necessary
for us to remain competitive or that certain of our equipment will not become obsolete. Our ability to anticipate and manage changes
in technology standards on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. We may not be successful,
generally or relative to our competitors, in timely implementing new technology into our systems, or doing so in a cost-effective manner.
During the course of implementing any such new technology into our operations, we may experience system interruptions and failures. Further,
if due to technological developments we need to replace our miners entirely to remain competitive in the market, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so on a cost-effective basis or in a timely manner, particularly in light of the long production period to
manufacture and assemble cryptocurrency miners, potential large-scale purchases of miners from existing competitors and new entrants
into the industry. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will recognize, in a timely manner or at all, the benefits that we
may expect as a result of our implementing new technology into our operations. As a result, our business, prospects, and operations may
suffer, and there may be adverse effects on our financial condition and on the market prices of our securities. 

In
addition, competition from existing and future competitors, particularly the other North American companies that may have access to greater
volumes of competitively priced energy, could result in our inability to secure acquisitions and partnerships that we may need to expand
our business in the future. This competition from other entities with greater resources, experience and reputations may result in our
failure to maintain or expand our business. If we are unable to expand and remain competitive, our business could be negatively affected
which would have an adverse effect on the trading prices of our securities, which in turn would harm investors in our Company. 

Regulatory
changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects
our business, prospects, or operations. 

As
cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies;
certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions,
such as in the United States, subject the mining, ownership and exchange of cryptocurrencies to extensive, and in some cases overlapping,
unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. 

For
example, in January 2023, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued
a joint statement effectively discouraging banks from doing business with clients in crypto-asset industries, which could potentially
create challenges regarding access to financial services. In January 2023, the Federal Reserve also issued a policy statement broadening
its authority to cover state-chartered institutions. Moreover, in January 2023, the White House issued a statement cautioning deepening
ties between crypto-assets and the broader financial system. Meanwhile, the SEC has announced several actions aimed at curtailing activities
it deems sales of unregistered securities. 

However,
also during January of 2023, the U.S. House of Representatives announced its first ever Financial Services Subcommittee on Digital Assets
and the intention to develop a regulatory framework for the use and trade of digital assets and related financial services products in
the United States. Bipartisan leadership of the Senate Banking Committee announced a similar objective. 

Given
the difficulty of predicting the outcomes of ongoing and future regulatory actions and legislative developments, it is possible that
they could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. 

Bitcoin
and Bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, may be made illegal in certain jurisdictions, including the ones we operate
in, which could adversely affect our business prospects and operations. 

Although
we do not anticipate any material adverse regulations on Bitcoin mining in our jurisdictions of operation, it is possible that state
or federal regulators may seek to impose harsh restrictions or total bans on cryptocurrency mining which may make it impossible for us
to do business without relocating our mining operations, which could be very costly and time consuming. Further, although Bitcoin and
Bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, are largely unregulated in most countries (including the United States), regulators
in certain jurisdictions may undertake new or intensify existing regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict the right
to mine, acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency or to exchange it for traditional fiat currency such as the United States dollar.
Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange is presently confined to
certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we or our hosted customers mine, and thus harm our investors. 

Our
interactions with a blockchain may expose us to specially designated nationals SDN or blocked persons and new legislation
or regulation could adversely impact our business or the market for cryptocurrencies. 

The
Office of Financial Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Department of Treasury requires us to comply with its sanction program
and not conduct business with persons named on its SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions we
may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s SDN list. Our Company s policy
prohibits any transactions with such SDN individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity of the
individual with whom we transact with respect to selling cryptocurrency assets. We are unable to predict the nature or extent of new
and proposed legislation and regulation affecting the cryptocurrency industry, or the potential impact of the use of cryptocurrencies
by SDN or other blocked or sanctioned persons, which could have material adverse effects on our business and our industry more broadly.
Further, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties
as a result of any regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our securities. 

18 

Security
breaches could result in a loss of our cryptocurrencies. 

Security
breaches including computer hacking or computer malware have been a consistent concern in the cryptocurrency industry. This could involve
hacking in which an unauthorized person obtains access to the systems or information and can cause harm by the transmission of virus
or the corruption of data. These breaches may occur due to an action by an outside party or by the error and negligence of an employee.
We primarily rely on the Luxor mining pool and SCI s cryptocurrencies are stored with exchanges such as Coinbase prior to selling
them. If any breach were to occur of our security system, operations or third-party platforms, the result could cause a loss of our cryptocurrencies,
loss of confidential or proprietary information, force the Company to cease operations or could cause damage to the reputation of the
Company. If an actual or perceived attack were to occur, the market perception of the Company may be damaged, which could adversely affect
potential and current investments in the Company and reduce demand for our securities and cause a reduction in our share prices. 

Incorrect
or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions may be irreversible. 

It
is possible that, through computer or human error, theft or criminal action, our cryptocurrency could be transferred in incorrect amounts
or to unauthorized third parties or accounts. In general, cryptocurrency transactions are irreversible, and stolen or incorrectly transferred
cryptocurrencies may be irretrievable, and we may have extremely limited or no effective means of recovering any losses as a result of
an incorrect transfer or theft. As a result, any incorrectly executed or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions could adversely affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The
impact of geopolitical and economic events on the supply and demand for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is uncertain. 

Geopolitical
crises may motivate large-scale purchases of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which could rapidly increase the price of Bitcoin and
other cryptocurrencies. This may increase the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease as crisis-driven purchasing behavior dissipates,
adversely affecting the value of the cryptocurrencies that we or our hosted customers mine. Alternatively, as an emerging asset class
with limited acceptance as a payment system or commodity, global crises and general economic downturn may discourage investment in cryptocurrencies
as investors focus their investment on less volatile asset classes as a means of hedging their investment risk. 

Cryptocurrencies,
which are relatively new, are subject to supply and demand forces. How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events
is largely uncertain but could be harmful to us and investors in our securities. Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale
acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrencies either globally or locally. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability
to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies that we or our hosted customers mine. 

The
failure of cryptocurrencies to become widely accepted and/or used as a medium of exchange and method of payment could adversely affect
our business, prospects and financial condition. 

The
use of cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace, despite sporadic adoption, is currently limited. A significant portion
of cryptocurrency demand is generated by investors seeking a long-term store of value or speculators seeking to profit from the short-
or long-term holding of the asset. Price volatility, slow processing speeds and high transaction costs undermine Bitcoin s and
other cryptocurrencies ability to be used as a medium of exchange, as retailers are less likely to accept it as a direct form
of payment. Large-scale acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of payment has not, and may never, occur. 

The
relative lack of acceptance of cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace, or a reduction of such use, limits the ability
of end users to use them to pay for goods and services. Such lack of acceptance or a decline in acceptance could have a material adverse
effect on the value of the cryptocurrencies that we or our hosted customers mine, the viability of cryptocurrency mining as a business,
and our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, prospects, operations and financial condition, as well as on the market value of our securities. 

19 

Proposed
development of a cryptocurrency, as well as the eventual likely development of government-backed digital currencies
 and the development of cryptocurrencies by other tech companies, may adversely affect the value
of Bitcoin and other existing, or even future, cryptocurrencies. 

In
May 2019, Facebook, now named Meta, announced its plans for a cryptocurrency then called
Libra and later called Diem, which faced significant objections and concerns from governments, legislators and regulators. Following
such objections and concerns, Diem s development was abandoned, and its assets (including both the technology and intellectual
property) sold to Silvergate Capital Corp., the holding company for Silvergate Bank, based in La Jolla, California, on January 31, 2022.
Silvergate Capital Corp. was understood to be seeking to introduce a new digital currency using these recently purchased assets by the
end of 2022. While that did not happen, Silvergate s efforts could encourage other financial institutions or even other technology
companies and other entities to develop their own cryptocurrencies, which could negatively impact the value of existing cryptocurrencies.
Further, in the event that government-backed digital currencies, which regulators in several countries are already considering or even
developing, are developed and widely adopted, that could be likely to have a negative impact on the existing currencies including larger
widespread adoption and potentially impacting the market share by non-government digital currency. Additional cryptocurrencies are introduced
to the market frequently, and although some have gained popularity as some features have been different than Bitcoin, Bitcoin remains
the market leader. As cryptocurrency adoption grows, the likelihood increases that additional cryptocurrency will be introduced and gain
popularity against Bitcoin, potentially negatively impacting the value of Bitcoin and perhaps other cryptocurrencies. 

Cryptocurrencies
face significant scaling and adoption obstacle issues which may lessen the demand for our services over time. 

Cryptocurrencies,
including Bitcoin, face significant scaling and adoption issues, which may lessen the demand for our services over time. The current
limitations of transaction throughput, high transaction fees, and extended processing times hinder widespread adoption and reduce the
feasibility of cryptocurrencies as a daily payment method. As the industry attempts to address these challenges through protocol upgrades,
second-layer solutions, and alternative consensus mechanisms, there is no guarantee that such solutions will be widely adopted or successful
in resolving these issues. Should the scaling and adoption challenges persist or worsen, the demand for cryptocurrencies may decline,
negatively impacting our mining operations and revenue. Furthermore, the emergence of new cryptocurrencies employing alternative, more
scalable technologies could lead to a shift in market preferences, diminishing the value of the cryptocurrencies we mine and potentially
affecting our business prospects and profitability 

Because
our most of our and our hosted customers miners are designed specifically to mine Bitcoin and may not be readily adaptable to
mining other cryptocurrencies, a sustained decline in Bitcoin s value could adversely affect our business and results of operations . 

We
and our hosted customers have invested substantial capital in acquiring miners designed specifically to mine Bitcoin as efficiently and
as rapidly as possible on our assumption that we will be able to use them to mine Bitcoin and generate revenue from our operations. Therefore,
our mining and hosting operations focus primarily on mining Bitcoin, and our revenue is largely based on the value of Bitcoin. Accordingly,
if the value of Bitcoin declines and fails to recover, for example, because of the development and acceptance of competing blockchain
platforms or technologies, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners or our customers miners may not be able to mine,
the revenue we generate from our operations will likewise decline. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully repurpose our operations
in a timely manner, if at all, if we or our customers decide to switch to mining a different cryptocurrency (or to another purpose altogether)
following a sustained decline in Bitcoin s value or if Bitcoin is replaced by another cryptocurrency. This could
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operations and financial condition, as well as on the market value of our
securities . 

The
Dorothy Facility is subject to a five-year ground lease, and if we are unable to renew its term, we may be unable to fully realize the
anticipated benefits of the ongoing development of the site. 

The
Dorothy Facility is subject to a ground lease with an initial term of five years, followed by five one-year renewal options, unless terminated
earlier. The long-term success of our plans for the Dorothy Facility is largely based on our ability to maintain the lease in effect
and to renew it going forward. If we fail to maintain the lease or renew it once its initial term expires and the landlord us to vacate
the premises, we will likely incur significant costs in relocating our operations, if we could do so at all, and our operations would
be interrupted during such relocation. Further, if we fail to renew the lease on terms favorable to us, and our costs are increased,
then we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our investment in the facility or any future development of its remaining available
capacity. Any disruptions or changes our present relationship with the landlord for the Dorothy Facility could disrupt our business and
our results of operations negatively. 

The
properties included in
our mining and hosting facility network may experience damages, including damages that are not covered by insurance. 

Our
current mining operation for Project Sophie is, and any future mines or hosting facility we establish will be, subject to a variety of
risks relating to physical condition and operation, including: 

the
 presence of construction or repair defects or other structural or building damage; 

any
 noncompliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements or building permit
 requirements; and 

any
 damage resulting from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and windstorms. 

20 

For
example, the currently operating Sophie facility, or the future Dorothy facility could be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently,
as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist or other attack on the mine. The security and other measures we take
to protect against these risks may not be sufficient. Additionally, our mines could be materially adversely affected by a power outage,
loss of access to the electrical grid, or loss by the grid of cost-effective sources of electrical power generating capacity. Given the
power requirement, it would not be feasible to run miners on back-up power generators in the event of a power outage. Our insurance covers
the replacement cost of any lost or damaged miners but does not cover any interruption of our mining activities; our insurance therefore
may not be adequate to cover the losses we suffer as a result of any of these events. In the event of an uninsured loss, including a
loss in excess of insured limits, at any of the mines in our network, such mines may not be adequately repaired in a timely manner or
at all and we may lose some or all of the future revenues anticipated to be derived from such mines. The potential impact on our business
is currently magnified because we are currently operating only a single mine. 

SCI s
reliance on a third-party mining pool service provider for our mining revenue payouts may have a negative impact on SCI s operations.
The same may be true in the case of SCI s likely hosted customers. 

We
and many Bitcoin miners use a third party mining pool to receive our mining rewards from the network. Cryptocurrency mining pools
allow miners to combine their computing power, increasing their chances of solving a block and getting paid by the network. The rewards
are distributed by the pool operator, proportionally to our contribution to the pool s overall mining power, used to generate each
block. Should the pool operator s system suffer downtime due to a cyber-attack, software malfunction, or similar issues, it will
negatively impact our ability to mine and receive revenue. Furthermore, we and many other Bitcoin miners are dependent on the accuracy
of the mining pool operator s recordkeeping to accurately record the total processing power provided to the pool for a given Bitcoin
mining application in order to assess the proportion of that total processing power we provided. While we have internal methods of tracking
both our power provided and the total used by the pool, the mining pool operator uses its own recordkeeping to determine our proportion
of a given reward. We and other miners have little means of recourse against the mining pool operator if we determine that the proportion
of the reward that the mining pool operator pays out to us is incorrect, other than leaving the pool. If we are unable to consistently
obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our mining pool operator, we may experience reduced reward for our efforts, which would have
an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Over
time, incentives for Bitcoin miners to continue to contribute processing power to the Bitcoin network may transition from a set reward
to transaction fees. If the incentives for Bitcoin mining are not sufficiently high, we and our hosted customers may not have an adequate
incentive to continue to mine. 

In
general, as the number of Bitcoin rewards awarded for solving a block in a blockchain decreases, our ability to achieve profitability
also decreases. Decreased use and demand for Bitcoin rewards may adversely affect our incentive to expend processing power to solve blocks.
If the Bitcoin rewards for solving blocks and transaction fees are not sufficiently high, fewer Bitcoin miners will mine. At insufficiently
attractive rewards, our costs of operations in total may exceed our revenues from Bitcoin mining and from hosting customers engaged in
Bitcoin mining 

To
incentivize Bitcoin miners to continue to contribute processing power to the Bitcoin network, such network may either formally or informally
transition from a set reward to transaction fees earned upon solving a block. This transition could be accomplished either by Bitcoin
miners independently electing to record in the blocks they solve only those transactions that include payment of a transaction fee or
by the Bitcoin network adopting software upgrades that require the payment of a minimum transaction fee for all transactions. If as a
result transaction fees paid for Bitcoin transactions become too high, Bitcoin users may be reluctant to transfer Bitcoin or accept Bitcoin
as a means of payment, and existing users may be motivated to hold existing Bitcoin and switch from Bitcoin to another digital asset
or back to fiat currency for transactions, diminishing the aggregate amount of available transaction fees for Bitcoin miners. Such reduction
would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Bitcoin reward for successfully uncovering a block will halve several times in the future, and Bitcoin s value may not adjust to
compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our Bitcoin mining efforts. 

Halving
is a process designed to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in cryptocurrencies using a proof of work consensus
algorithm. At a predetermined block, the Bitcoin mining reward is cut in half, hence the term halving. For Bitcoin, the
reward was initially set at 50 Bitcoin currency rewards per block, and this was cut in half to 25 on November 28, 2012 at block 210,000,
then again to 12.5 on July 9, 2016 at block 420,000. The most recent halving for Bitcoin occurred on May 11, 2020 at block 630,000 and
the reward was reduced to 6.25. It is expected that the next halving will likely occur in 2024. This process will reoccur until the total
amount of Bitcoin currency rewards issued reaches 21 million, which is expected around the year 2140. While Bitcoin prices have had a
history of fluctuations around the halving of its rewards, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate
for the reduction in mining reward. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the trading prices of Bitcoin or a proportionate
decrease in mining difficulty does not follow these anticipated halving events, the revenue we and our hosted customers earn from our
Bitcoin mining operations could see a corresponding decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

21 

We
may not be able to realize the benefits of forks, and forks in a digital asset network may occur in the future, which may affect the
value of the cryptocurrencies that we mine. 

To
the extent that a significant majority of users and miners on a cryptocurrency network install software that changes the cryptocurrency
network or properties of a cryptocurrency, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new cryptocurrency,
the cryptocurrency network would be subject to new protocols and software. If less than a significant majority of users and miners on
the cryptocurrency network consent to the proposed modification, however, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior
to its modification, a fork of the network would occur, with one prong of the network running the pre-modified software
and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the cryptocurrency running
in parallel yet lacking interchangeability and necessitating exchange-type transaction to convert currencies between the two forks. After
a fork, it may be unclear which fork represents the original asset and which is the new asset. 

If
we hold a specific cryptocurrency at the time of a hard fork into two cryptocurrencies, industry standards would dictate that we would
be expected to hold an equivalent amount of the old and new assets following the fork. We may not, however, be able to secure or realize
the economic benefit of the new asset. Our business may be adversely impacted by forks in an applicable cryptocurrency network. 

In
addition, historically, speculation over a new hard fork in the Bitcoin protocol has resulted in Bitcoin price volatility
and future hard forks may occur at any time. A hard fork could lead to a disruption of networks and our information technology systems
could be affected by cybersecurity attacks, replay attacks or security weaknesses, any of which can further lead to temporary or even
permanent loss of its assets. Such disruption and loss could cause us to be exposed to liability, even in circumstances where we have
no intention of supporting an asset compromised by a hard fork. Additionally, a hard fork may result in a scenario where users running
the previous protocol will not recognize blocks created by those running the new protocol, and vice versa. This may render our cryptocurrency
mining hardware, or that of our hosted customers, incompatible with the new protocol. Such changes may have a material effect on our
operations, financial position and financial performance. 

As
the aggregate amount of computing power, or hash rate, in the Bitcoin network increases, the amount of Bitcoin earned per unit of hash
rate decreases; as a result, in order to maintain our market share, we may have to incur significant capital expenditures in order to
expand our fleet of miners. 

The
aggregate computing power of the global Bitcoin network has generally grown over time, and we expect it to continue to grow in the future.
To the extent the global hash rate continues to increase, the market share of and the amount of Bitcoin rewards paid to any fixed fleet
of miners will decrease. Therefore, in order to maintain our market share, we may be required to expand our mining fleet, which may require
significant capital expenditures. If we can t acquire sufficient numbers of new miners or access sufficient capital to fund our
expenditures, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely materially affected. While a business strategy focused
on hosting could mitigate some of this risk, the fact that hosted clients are ultimately exposed to similar such risk allows for the
continued possibility that this could have an adverse effect on our business operations, strategy and financial performance. 

Climate
change, and the regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change, may materially adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

The
potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and would be particular to the geographic circumstances
in areas in which we operate or in which our third-party providers operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns
and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. The impacts of climate change may materially and adversely
impact the cost, production and financial performance of our operations. Further, any impacts to our business and financial condition
as a result of climate change are likely to occur over a sustained period of time and are therefore difficult to quantify with any degree
of specificity. For example, extreme weather events may result in adverse physical effects on portions of our infrastructure, which could
disrupt our supply chain and ultimately our business operations. 

In
addition, a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes in response
to the potential impact of climate change. Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their environmental,
social, and governance ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and
other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the
non-financial impacts of their investments. Given the very significant amount of electrical power required to operate cryptocurrency
miners, as well as the environmental impact of mining for the rare earth metals used in the production of mining servers, the cryptocurrency
mining industry may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation, and any such regulation may not distinguish between
cryptocurrency mining powered partially by renewable energy, as is much of SCI s business, and cryptocurrency mining using traditional
(i.e. fossil fuel) sources of energy. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on
us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting,
and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete
with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Furthermore, increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental
risks, including global climate change, may result in increased public scrutiny of our business and our industry, and our management
team may divert significant time and energy away from our operations and towards responding to such scrutiny and reassuring our employees.
Given the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, we cannot predict
how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Any of the foregoing
could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and financial condition. 

22 

Our
business could be harmed by prolonged power and internet outages, shortages, or capacity constraints. 

Our
operations require a significant amount of electrical power and access to high-speed internet to be successful. If we are unable to secure
sufficient electrical power, or if we lose internet access for a prolonged period, we may be required to reduce our operations or cease
them altogether. If this occurs, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are subject to risks associated with our need for significant electrical power. 

Our
operations have required significant amounts of electrical power, and, as we continue to expand our mining fleet and begin to operate
our Dorothy Facility, we anticipate our demand for electrical power will continue to grow. The fluctuating price of electricity we require
for our operations, and to power our expansion, may inhibit our profitability. If we are unable to continue to obtain sufficient electrical
power on a cost-effective basis, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our significant capital investments. 

Additionally,
our operations could be materially adversely affected by prolonged power outages. Although certain critical functions of our facilities
may be powered by backup generators on a temporary basis, it would not be feasible or cost-effective to run miners on back-up power generators
for extended periods of time. Therefore, we may have to reduce or cease our operations in the event of an extended power outage, or as
a result of the unavailability or increased cost of electrical power. If this were to occur, our business and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. 

Changing
environmental regulation and public energy policy may expose our business to new risks. 

Our
and our hosted customers Bitcoin mining operations require a substantial amount of power and can only be successful, and ultimately
profitable, if the costs incurred, including for electricity, are lower than the revenue we generate from operations. As a result, any
mine we or our hosted customers establish can only be successful if we can obtain sufficient electrical power for that mine on a cost-effective
basis, and our establishment of new mines requires us to find locations where that is the case. For instance, our plans and strategic
initiatives for the Dorothy Facility are based, in part, on our understanding of current environmental and energy regulations, policies,
and initiatives enacted by federal and Texas regulators. If new regulations are imposed, or if existing regulations are modified, the
assumptions we made underlying our plans and strategic initiatives may be inaccurate, and we may incur additional costs to adapt our
planned business, if we are able to adapt at all, to such regulations. 

In
addition, there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty for our business
because the cryptocurrency mining industry, with its high energy demand, may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation.
New legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs
related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such
regulations. Further, any future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated
in areas not subject to such limitations. 

For
example, in September 2022, the White House issued a report regarding the Climate and Energy Implications of Crypto-Assets in the United
States. The report states that the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Agency should initiate a process to solicit data
and develop environmental performance and energy conservation standards for crypto-asset technologies, including mining equipment. Should
such measures prove ineffective at achieving the Administration s environmental goals, the report calls for the Administration
to explore executive actions and legislation to limit or eliminate the use of high energy intensity consensus mechanisms for crypto-asset
mining in the United States. 

We
may be affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale and retail power markets. 

While
the majority of our power and hosting arrangements contain fixed power prices, some also contain certain price adjustment mechanisms
in case of certain events. Furthermore, a portion of our power and hosting arrangements includes merchant power prices, or power prices
reflecting market movements. Market prices for power, generation capacity and ancillary services, are unpredictable. Over the past year,
the market prices for power have generally been increasing, driven in part by the price increases in various commodities, including natural
gas. Depending upon the effectiveness of any price risk management activity undertaken by us, an increase in market prices for power,
generation capacity, and ancillary services may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.
Long- and short-term power prices may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors outside of our control, including, but not
limited to: 

increases
 and decreases in generation capacity; 

changes
 in power transmission or fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies; 

volatile
 weather conditions, particularly unusually hot or mild summers or unusually cold or warm
 winters; 

23 

technological
 shifts resulting in changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including
 the potential development of demand-side management tools, expansion and technological advancements
 in power storage capability and the development of new fuels or new technologies for the
 production or storage of power; 

federal
 and state power, market and environmental regulation and legislation; and 

changes
 in capacity prices and capacity markets. 

If
we are unable to secure power supply at prices or on terms acceptable to us, it would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

If
federal or state legislatures or agencies initiate or release tax determinations that change the classification of cryptocurrencies as
property for tax purposes (in the context of when such cryptocurrencies are held as an investment), such determination could have a negative
tax consequence on us. 

Current
Internal Revenue Service guidance indicates that digital assets such as Bitcoin should be treated and taxed as property, and that transactions
involving the payment of Bitcoin for goods and services should be treated as barter transactions. While this treatment creates a potential
tax reporting requirement for any circumstance where the ownership of a cryptocurrency passes from one person to another, it preserves
the right to apply capital gains treatment to those transactions which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Company Generally 

Our
confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary
information, which could limit our ability to compete. 

While
we are currently in the process of applying for patents with respect to SCI s business, presently we rely on trade secrets to protect
our proprietary technology and processes. Despite such protection, however, it is possible that a third party may copy or otherwise obtain
and use our U.S. Patent and Trademark Office-registered or other proprietary information without our authorization, and trade secrets
can be difficult to protect. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property and trade secrets is difficult, particularly in light
of the global nature of the Internet and because the laws of other countries may afford us little or no effective protection of our intellectual
property. Potentially expensive litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our
trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or
invalidity. Additionally, we enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants
and other advisors. These agreements generally require that the other party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties 
confidential information developed by the party under such agreements or made known to the party by us during the course of the party s
relationship with us. Our employees, consultants and other advisors, however, may not honor these agreements and enforcing a claim that
a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time-consuming and the outcome is unpredictable.
Our failure to obtain and maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive position. 

We
rely on highly skilled personnel and the continuing efforts of our executive officers and, if we are unable to retain, motivate or hire
qualified personnel, our business may be severely disrupted. In addition, increased labor costs and the unavailability of skilled workers
could hurt our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
performance largely depends on the talents, knowledge, skills, know-how and efforts of highly skilled individuals and in particular,
the expertise held by our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Toporek of SHI, and Chief Executive Officer, John Belizaire of SCI. His absence,
were it to occur, would materially and adversely impact development and implementation of our projects and businesses. Our future success
depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization.
Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, among others, new technology developers and to retain
and motivate our existing contractors. If one or more of our executive officers or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue
in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. In such case, our business may be severely disrupted,
and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers or other key personnel. In addition, if any of our executives
or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers. 

In
addition, we compete with other businesses in our industries and other similar employers to attract and retain qualified personnel with
the technical skills and experience required to successfully operate our businesses. The demand for skilled workers is high and the supply
is limited, and a shortage in the labor pool of skilled workers or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws
and regulations could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain personnel and could require us to enhance our wage and benefits
packages, which could increase our operating costs. 

24 

Brookstone
XXIV currently has a controlling interest in the Company due to the number of shares of common stock that it beneficially owns and its
designation of two of our directors. 

As
of March 28, 2023 , Brookstone XXIV owned approximately 15.2 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock and has
designated two directors that sit on our nine-member Board. Accordingly, Brookstone XXIV has the ability to exert a significant degree
of influence or actual control over our management and affairs and, as a practical matter, will control corporate actions requiring stockholder
approval, irrespective of how our other stockholders may vote, including the election of directors, amendments to our articles of incorporation,
as amended Articles of Incorporation and our bylaws Bylaws ), and the approval of mergers and other significant
corporate transactions, including a sale of substantially all of our assets, and Brookstone XXIV may vote its shares in a manner that
is adverse to the interests of our minority stockholders. This concentration of voting control could deprive holders of our Common Stock
of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock as part of a sale of the Company. Further, Brookstone XXIV s
control position might adversely affect the market prices of our securities to the extent investors perceive disadvantages in owning
shares of a company with a controlling stockholder. 

Brookstone
XXIV and its director designees may acquire interests and positions that could present potential conflicts with our and our stockholders 
interests. 

Brookstone
XXIV and its director designees may make investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses
that compete directly or indirectly with us. Brookstone XXIV and its director designees may also pursue, for their own accounts, acquisition
opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities might not be available to us.
As part of our sale of 3,750,000 shares of our Common Stock to Brookstone XXIV in October 2016 and as required by Brookstone XXIV as
a condition to purchasing the shares, our Board renounced, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company s expectancy
with respect to being offered an opportunity to participate in any business opportunity that is discovered by or presented to a director
designee (a Business Opportunity ), whether in such director designee s capacity as a director of the Company or otherwise.
Accordingly, the interests of Brookstone XXIV and the designated directors with respect to a Business Opportunity may supersede ours,
and Brookstone XXIV or its affiliates or the Brookstone XXIV-designated directors may be involved with businesses that compete with us
and may pursue opportunities for the sole benefit of Brookstone XXIV and its affiliates without our involvement, for which we have limited
recourse. Such actions on the part of Brookstone XXIV or its director designees could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In
addition, Michael Toporek, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, serves as the Managing General Partner of Brookstone XXIV. As
a result of the potential conflicts inherent in his serving in both roles, it is possible that Mr. Toporek could make decisions that
benefit Brookstone XXIV at the expense of the Company. 

Insiders
continue to have substantial control over the Company. 

As
of March 28, 2023 , the Company s directors and executive officers held the
current right to vote approximately 18.7 of the Company s outstanding voting stock. Of this total, 15.2 was owned or controlled
by Brookstone XXIV, for which Michael Toporek, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, also serves as Managing General Partner.
In addition, the Company s directors and executive officers have the right to acquire additional shares of our Common Stock by
exercising their equity awards under our equity compensation plans, which could increase their voting percentage significantly. As a
result, Mr. Toporek acting alone, and/or many of the Company s officers and directors acting together, may have the ability to
exert significant control over the Company s decisions and control the management and affairs of the Company, and also to determine
the outcome of matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the election or removal of a director, and any merger, consolidation
or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership may harm the future market
prices of our securities by: 

delaying,
 deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company; 

impeding
 a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving the Company; or 

discouraging
 a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 

We
are subject to complex environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant liabilities for penalties,
damages or costs of remediation or compliance. 

We
are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
govern matters such as: the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water; the generation, use, storage,
handling, treatment, packaging, transportation, exposure to, and disposal of hazardous and biological materials, including recordkeeping,
reporting and registration requirements; and the health and safety of our employees. We may incur significant additional costs beyond
those currently contemplated to comply with these regulatory requirements. Further, if we fail to comply with these requirements we may
be exposed to fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our operations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results and financial condition. Certain environmental laws may impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean
up and restore sites where hazardous substances have been disposed or otherwise released into the environment, even under circumstances
where the hazardous substances were released by prior owners or operators, or the activities conducted and from which a release emanated
complied with applicable law. 

25 

Further,
existing regulations, particularly in the environmental area, could be revised or reinterpreted, or new laws and regulations could be
adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including
potential regulatory and enforcement developments related to air emissions, any of which could result in significant additional costs.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are heavily dependent on our senior management, and a loss of a member of our senior management team could cause the market prices of
our securities to suffer. 

If
we lose the services of Michael Toporek, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, John Belizaire, SCI s
Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors, Philip Patman, Jr., our Chief Financial Officer, and/or certain key employees,
we may not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis, and our business could be adversely affected. We do not currently
maintain key life insurance policies on these officers or key employees. Our existing operations and continued future development depend
to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of these individuals and certain key employees. We may not be successful
in retaining the services of these individuals, and if we were to lose any of these individuals, we may not be able to find appropriate
replacements on a timely basis and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We
may incur losses and liabilities in the course of business that could prove costly to defend or resolve. 

Companies
that operate in one or more of the businesses that we operate face significant legal risks. There is a risk that we could become involved
in litigation wherein an adverse result could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition. There is a
risk of litigation generally in conducting a commercial business, and we are, at times, involved in commercial disputes with third parties,
such as customers, distributors and vendors. These risks often may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude
often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We may incur significant legal expenses in defending against litigation. 

We
may become subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation of the intellectual property rights of others, which could prohibit
us from selling our products, require us to obtain licenses from third parties or to develop non-infringing alternatives, and subject
us to substantial monetary damages and injunctive relief. 

We
may receive notices from third parties that the manufacture, use or sale of any products we develop infringes upon one or more claims
of their patents. Moreover, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown
to us, that may later result in issued patents that materially and adversely affect our business. Third parties could also assert infringement
or misappropriation claims against us with respect to our future product offerings, if any. We cannot be certain that we have not infringed
the intellectual property rights of any third parties. Any infringement or misappropriation claim could result in significant costs,
substantial damages and our inability to manufacture, market or sell any of our product offerings that are found to infringe another
person s patent. Even if we were to prevail in any such action, the litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of
resources that could materially and adversely affect our business. If a court determined, or if we independently discovered, that our
product offerings violated third-party proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that we would be able to re-engineer our product
offerings to avoid those rights or obtain a license under those rights on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. As a result, we could
be prohibited from selling products that are found to infringe upon the rights of others. Even if obtaining a license were feasible,
it may be costly and time-consuming. A court could also enter orders that temporarily, preliminarily, or permanently enjoin us from making,
using, selling, offering to sell or importing our products that are found to infringe on third parties intellectual property rights,
or could enter orders mandating that we undertake certain remedial actions. Further, a court could order us to pay compensatory damages
for any such infringement, plus prejudgment interest, and could in addition treble the compensatory damages and award attorneys 
fees. Any such payments could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption or failure, misappropriation of data or breaches of security,
our operations could be disrupted, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and our reputation
may be damaged. 

Our
business involves the collection, storage and transmission of personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our
customers and employees. Our information systems also contain the Company s proprietary and other confidential information related
to our business. Our efforts to protect such information may be unsuccessful due to the actions of third parties, computer viruses, physical
or electronic break-ins, catastrophic events, employee error or malfeasance or other attempts to harm our systems. As the techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems, change frequently and often are not recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or timely implement adequate preventative measures. We could
also experience a loss of critical data and delays or interruptions in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions. Some
of our commercial partners, such as those that help us maintain our website, may receive or store information provided by us or our users
through our website. If these third parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices or fail to comply with
our policies in this regard, or in the event of a breach of their networks, our customers or employees information may
be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. 

26 

If
our systems are harmed or fail to function properly, we may need to expend significant financial resources to repair or replace systems
or to otherwise protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches. If we experience a significant security
breach or fail to detect and appropriately respond to a significant security breach, we could be exposed to costly legal actions against
us in connection with such incidents, which could result in orders or judgments forcing us to pay damages or fines or to take certain
actions with respect to our information systems. Any incidents involving unauthorized access to or improper use of user information,
or incidents that are a violation of our online privacy policies, could harm our brand reputation and diminish our competitive position.
Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation or financial results. Our insurance policies
carry coverage limits, which may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches. 

Our
risk management process may not identify all risks that we are subject to and will not eliminate all risk. 

Our
Enterprise Risk Management ERM process seeks to identify and address significant risks. Our ERM process uses the most
recent integrated risk framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission to assess, manage and monitor risks. We believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of the
pursuit of our growth and performance strategy. Our goals are to proactively manage risks in a structured approach in conjunction with
strategic planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value, and to manage prudently, rather than wholly avoiding, risks.
We can mitigate risks and their impact on the Company, however, only to a limited extent, and no ERM process can identify all risks that
we may face. Therefore, there may be risks that we are currently unaware of, that may develop in the future or that we currently consider
immaterial. Further, our management of risks may prove inadequate. The emergence of risks of which we were unaware or are unable to manage
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Company s officers and directors are indemnified against certain conduct that may prove costly to defend. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws generally provide broad indemnification to our officers and directors against judgments, fines,
amounts paid in settlement and expenses, including attorneys fees actually incurred in connection with most actions or proceedings
to which they are or are threatened to be made a party that relates to their service as an officer or director, except as limited as
set forth therein. We are also obligated to advance expenses as they are incurred by a director or officer in defending an action or
proceeding prior to final disposition upon receipt of an undertaking by the applicable person to repay such advanced amount if the advancement
is ultimately found to not be permitted by law or otherwise. 

In
addition, the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS provides that no director or officer is individually liable for damages
as a result of an act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer except if (i) the presumption that such director
or officer acted in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the Company is rebutted, and (ii) it is proven
that such director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director
or officer, and such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. Consequently, subject to the applicable
provisions of the NRS and to certain limited exceptions in the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, the Company s officers and
directors will not be liable to the Company or to its stockholders for monetary damages resulting from their conduct as an officer or
director. As a result, we may have to spend significant resources indemnifying our officers and directors or paying for damages caused
by their conduct. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations. The Exchange
Act requires, among other things, that we file annual and current reports with the SEC with respect to our business and operating results.
Compliance with these rules and regulations increases our legal and financial compliance costs, makes some activities more difficult,
time-consuming, or costly, and increases demand on our systems and resources. As a result of disclosure of information in this Report
and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which we believe may result in threatened
or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results
could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources
necessary to resolve them, could divert resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. 

27 

Risks
Related to our Securities 

The
market price of our securities are likely be volatile, which may cause investment losses for our shareholders. 

The
market price of our securities has been and is likely to continue to be volatile, and investors in our securities may experience a decrease,
which could be substantial, in the value of their securities or the loss of their entire investment in the Company for a number of reasons,
including reasons unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The market price of our securities could be subject to wide fluctuations
in response to a broad and diverse range of factors, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section as
well as the following: 

announcements
 by us regarding liquidity, significant acquisitions, equity investments and divestitures,
 addition or loss of significant customers and contracts, capital expenditure commitments
 and litigation; 
 
 our
 issuance of securities or debt, particularly if in connection with acquisition activities; 
 
 the
 sale of a significant number of shares of our common stock by shareholders; 
 
 recent
 changes in financial condition or results of operations, such as in earnings, revenues or
 other measure of company value; 
 
 general
 market and economic conditions; and 
 
 announcements
 of technological innovations or new product introductions by us or our competitors. 

Further,
broad market and industry factors may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our securities regardless of our actual operating
performance. 

In
addition, stock markets have experienced in the past and may in the future experience a high level of price and volume volatility, and
the market prices of equity securities of many companies have experienced in the past and may in the future experience wide price fluctuations
not necessarily related to the operating performance of such companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market
price of our securities. 

Finally,
our relatively small public float and daily trading volume have in the past caused, and may in the future result in, significant volatility
in the price of our securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 14,195,402 shares of our common stock outstanding
held by non-affiliates and 3,055,190 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding held by non-affiliates. Our daily trading volume
for the year ended December 31, 2022, averaged approximately 119,105 shares of common stock and 18,645 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for financial accounting of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency assets, the determination that we have
made for how to account for cryptocurrency assets transactions may be subject to change. 

Because
there has been limited precedent set for the financial accounting of cryptocurrencies and related revenue recognition and no official
guidance has yet been provided by the FASB or the SEC, it is unclear how companies may in the future be required to account for cryptocurrency
transactions and assets and related revenue recognition. A change in regulatory or financial accounting standards could result in the
necessity to change our accounting methods and restate our financial statements. Such a restatement could adversely affect the accounting
for our newly mined cryptocurrency rewards and more generally negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. Such circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our
new strategy at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations as well as and potentially the
value of any cryptocurrencies we hold or expect to acquire for our own account and harm our investors. 

If
we are not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq, Nasdaq could delist our common stock
or Series A Preferred Stock or broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our securities. 

Our
common stock became listed and commenced trading on Nasdaq on March 23, 2020, and our Series A Preferred Stock commenced trading on Nasdaq
on August 19, 2021. In order to maintain such listings, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and
standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity,
minimum share price and certain corporate governance requirements. We have been given notice by NASDAQ that by virtue of our common stock
trading below the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement, we will be subject to delisting unless prior to June 21, 2023, the closing bid
price exceeds 1.00 for twenty consecutive trading days. While the Company may seek to satisfy this requirement by a reverse stock split,
there can be no assurances that we will be able to comply with such applicable listing standards. If we fail to do so, Nasdaq may delist
our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock, which would likely have an adverse impact on the market price and liquidity of such securities. 

In
addition, our shares of common stock have in the past constituted, and may again in the future constitute, penny stock 
within the meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act and Rule 3a-51-1 thereunder, and so will be subject to the penny stock 
rules adopted under Section 15(g) (now 15(h)) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock
is not listed on a national securities exchange and trades at less than 5.00 per share, other than companies that have had average revenue
of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least 5,000,000 2,000,000 if the company has
been operating for three or more years). These rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade penny stocks to persons other
than established customers complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors, and provide investors
with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain
circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result,
the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect on the market, if any, for our common stock. If the common stock
is subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult to dispose of their shares of our common stock. 

28 

Raising
additional funds through debt or equity financing could be dilutive and may cause the market price of our securities to decline. We still
may need to raise additional funding which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain additional capital
may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest may be
diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a shareholder.
Furthermore, any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect
our ability to develop and commercialize our products and services. In addition, the sale of a significant number of our shares of common
stock, either by us or by our shareholders (in particular Brookstone, our largest shareholder) could depress the price of our securities. 

We
may continue to seek funds through equity or debt financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate sources, or through
other sources of financing. Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Any failure to raise capital
as and when needed, as a result of insufficient authorized shares or otherwise, could have a negative impact on our financial condition
and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. 

Item
1B: Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2: Properties 

We
lease approximately 3,478 square feet of office, in Albany, New York, which houses the corporate offices of SHI. The current lease agreement
expires on December 31, 2024. 

SCI
leases approximately 19,000 square feet of space in four buildings in East Wenatchee, Washington. The space is currently used for hosted
operations. The current lease agreements expire for one building on June 30, 2024, for another on November 30, 2024, and for the remaining
two buildings on July 31, 2023. 

On
March 4, 2021, Soluna SW, LLC acquired a 3.2-acre tract of real property located in Murray, Kentucky on which it has built an energy-efficient
cryptocurrency mining facility that includes 22 buildings for the Company s miners. 

On
February 24, 2023, Soluna DV Services, LLC entered into a lease agreement for a 33.19-acre tract of land in Briscoe County, Texas. The
Agreement is for an Initial Term that expires on the date five years from the Service Date with the right to extend the term of the Agreement
for five additional one year terms. 

We
believe these facilities are generally well-maintained and adequate for the Company s current needs and for expansion, if required. 

Item
3: Legal Proceedings 

At
any point in time, we may be involved in various lawsuits or other legal proceedings. Such lawsuits could arise from the sale of products
or services or from other matters relating to our regular business activities, compliance with various governmental regulations and requirements,
or other transactions or circumstances. 

We
have been named as a party in the December 19, 2019 United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA Demand Letter regarding
the Malta Rocket Fuel Area Superfund Site Site located in Malta and Stillwater, New York, in connection with an alleged
release of hazardous materials into the environment. The EPA is seeking reimbursement of response costs from all named parties in the
amount of approximately 358 thousand plus interest in connection with the investigation and disposal activities associated with the
various drum caches discovered at the Site, issuance of the Explanation of Significant Differences ESD of the Site, and
implementation of the work contemplated by the ESD. We consider the likelihood of a material adverse outcome with respect to this matter
to be remote and do not currently anticipate that any expense or liability that we may incur as a result of this matter in the future
will be material to the Company s business or financial condition. Further, we are not presently involved in any other litigation
that we believe is likely, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

NYDIG
filed a complaint against Soluna MC Borrowing 2021-1 LLC Borrower and Soluna MC LLC Guarantor , and together
with Borrower, Defendants in Marshall Circuit Court of the Commonwealth of Kentucky on December 29, 2022 regarding a series
of loans made by NYDIG to Borrower pursuant to a master equipment finance agreement that were secured by certain assets of Borrower and
guaranteed by Guarantor pursuant to a written guaranty agreement executed by Guarantor. The Court issued on February 15, 2023, an agreed
order granting NYDIG s motion for writ of possession which, among other things, ordered parties to provide NYDIG access to the
collateral described therein and preserved the rights of NYDIG to pursue a deficiency judgment against the Defendants. Also on February
15, 2023, the Defendants filed their answer and affirmative defenses in this proceeding. The Defendants believe that NYDIG has liquidated
some of the collateral securing the loans and anticipate that NYDIG will complete the liquidation of collateral and continue to prosecute
the complaint to obtain a judgment against the Defendants. Additionally, NDYIG has stated its intention to pursue SCI, the parent company
of Guarantor, under a piercing of the corporate veil claim relating to Defendants debts and liabilities under the loan documents.
SCI denies any such liability and has filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against NYDIG in the Eighth Judicial District Court
in Clark County, Nevada on March 16, 2023, seeking a declaratory judgment as to such matter. 

Item
4: Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

29 

PART
II 

Item
5: Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol SLNH. The Company s preferred stock
is listed on Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol SLNHP. 

Holders 

We
have one class of common stock, par value .001, and are authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of common stock. Each share of the Company s
common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, there were 18,694,206 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding . As of March 28, 2023, there were approximately
 162 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock. The number of shareholders
of record does not reflect the number of persons whose shares are held in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 

Dividends 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 3,061,245 shares of our of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock outstanding, which pursuant
to the Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series A Preferred
Stock ), of the Company entitle such holders to dividends, when, as and if declared by the board of directors of the Company (the
 Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors), payable monthly in arrears on the final
day of each month, beginning August 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board declared and paid the Company
aggregate dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of approximately 3.9 million and 630 thousand, respectively. The Board
of Directors had not declared any Series A Preferred Stock dividends beginning October 2022 through the date of this report, as such
the Company has accumulated approximately 1.7 million of dividends in arrears on the Series A Preferred Stock through December 31, 2022. 

The
Company s Series B Preferred Stock includes a 10 accruing dividend compounded daily for 12 months from the original issue date
of July 20, 2022, that may be paid in cash or stock at the Company s option at the earlier of (i) the date the Series B Preferred
Stock is converted, or (ii) the Series B Dividend Termination Date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued 236 thousand for
dividend payable for the Series B preferred stock. In addition, under the Securities Purchase Agreement relating the Series B Preferred
Stock the holder has certain consent rights to future equity offerings and rights of first refusal for three years from the original
issue date. The Company can obtain a waiver of such rights if it pays to the holder an amount equal to 10 of the capital raised in such
offerings (payable in cash or at the option of the Company in the same securities issued in such offering), until the holder has received,
an aggregate of 10,000,000 less any profit the holder has received from ownership of the shares, whether through dividends or other
distributions, payments of fees, or gains on the sale of the preferred stock. 

The
Company does not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate or contemplate paying cash dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to use all available funds to develop our business. We can give no assurance that
we will ever have excess funds available to pay dividends. Any future determination as to the payment of dividends will depend upon critical
requirements and limitations imposed by our credit agreements, if any, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider. 

30 

Item
6: Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial
Statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements, which involve risk and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those discussed in Item 1A: Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report. 

SHI
currently conducts our business through our wholly-owned subsidiary, SCI. SCI is engaged in the mining of cryptocurrency through data
centers that can be powered by renewable energy sources. Recently, SCI has built, and intends to continue to develop and build, modular
data centers that are currently used for cryptocurrency mining and that in the future can be used for computing intensive, batchable
applications, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, with the goal of providing a cost-effective alternative to battery
storage or transmission lines. Headquartered in Albany, New York, the Company uses technology and intentional design to solve complex,
real-world challenges. We operate in an environment which is consistently evolving based on the increase of Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.
We look to bring in additional investment for our robust pipelines and attract top-tier Bitcoin miners to host at Project Dorothy and
into future pipelines in order to generate the highest return on investment. As discussed further in this Annual Report, we operate in
two business segments: Cryptocurrency Mining and Data Center Hosting. 

Recent
Developments and Trends 

We
used the net proceeds of our debt financing in 2022, common and preferred stock offerings, and securities purchase agreement in December
2022 primarily for the construction of Project Dorothy, which is anticipated to launch in fiscal year 2023, additional miners for our
cryptocurrency mining facilities in Kentucky to continue to expand our growth in those facilities, and operational expenses for our SHI
parent and SCI business unit. 

Industry
Trends 

During
2022, we observed several companies in the Bitcoin ecosystem experience significant challenges and initiate bankruptcy proceedings
due to the significant decline in the price of Bitcoin and other national and global macroeconomic factors. We anticipate this trend
will likely continue as companies attempt to shift their business models to operate on significantly compressed margins. The
dramatic increase in the price of Bitcoin observed in the market during prior years caused many companies to over-leverage
themselves, thus operating in an unsustainable way given the recent instability in the price of Bitcoin. Soluna looks to continue to
build and develop at Project Dorothy and to demonstrate the cost effectiveness of our business model and generate growth
opportunities by increasing our project pipelines. We are continuously evaluating strategic opportunities which we may decide to
undertake as part of our strategic growth initiatives; however, we can offer no assurances that any strategic opportunities which we
decide to undertake will be achieved on the schedule or within the budget we anticipate, if at all, in our competitive and evolving
industry. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report for additional discussion regarding potential
impacts our competitive and evolving industry may have on our business. 

31 

Miner
Purchases and Deployments 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had purchased, received and/or deployed the following miners: 

Number of 
 Miners 
 
 Miners deployed as of January 1, 2022 
 13,240 
 
 Miners received and deployed in the year ended December 31, 2022 
 12,289 
 
 Miners in storage as of December 31, 2022, not deployed 
 (7,876 
 
 Miners collateralized as of December 31, 2022, for repossession 
 (3,416 
 
 Miners held for sale as of December 31, 2022 
 (1,835 
 
 Miners disposed or sold in the year ended December 31, 2022 
 (7,331 
 
 Total Active and Unencumbered Miners as of December 31, 2022 
 5,071 

Results
of Operations 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

The
following table summarizes changes in the various components of our net loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cryptocurrency mining revenue 
 24,409 
 10,932 
 13,477 
 123 
 
 Data hosting revenue 
 4,138 
 3,413 
 725 
 21 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of cryptocurrency mining revenue, exclusive of depreciation 
 14,281 
 3,504 
 10,777 
 308 
 
 Depreciation costs associated with cryptocurrency mining 
 18,708 
 2,122 
 16,586 
 782 
 
 Cost of data hosting revenue 
 3,517 
 2,444 
 1,073 
 44 
 
 General and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 
 19,203 
 9,170 
 10,033 
 109 
 
 Depreciation and amortization associated with general and administrative expenses 
 9,506 
 1,581 
 7,925 
 501 
 
 Impairment on equity investment 
 750 
 - 
 750 
 100 
 
 Impairment on fixed assets 
 47,372 
 - 
 47,372 
 100 
 
 Operating loss 
 (84,790 
 (4,476 
 (80,314 
 1,794 
 
 Other income, net 
 22 
 11 
 11 
 100 
 
 Interest expense 
 (8,375 
 (1,879 
 (6,496 
 346 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 (4,089 
 - 
 (4,089 
 (100 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment and revaluation, net 
 (11,130 
 - 
 (11,130 
 (100 
 
 Loss before income taxes from continuing operations 
 (108,362 
 (6,344 
 (102,018 
 1,608 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations 
 1,346 
 (44 
 1,390 
 (3,159 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (107,016 
 (6,388 
 (100,628 
 1,575 
 
 Income before income taxes from discontinued operations (including gain on sale of MTI Instruments of 7,751 for the year ended December 31, 2022) 
 7,921 
 1,087 
 6,834 
 629 
 
 Income tax benefit from discontinued operations 
 - 
 40 
 (40 
 (100 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 7,921 
 1,127 
 6,794 
 603 
 
 Net loss 
 (99,095 
 (5,261 
 (93,834 
 1,784 
 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 (380 
 - 
 (380 
 (100 
 
 Net loss attributable to Soluna Holdings, Inc. 
 (98,715 
 (5,261 
 (93,454 
 1,776 

Cryptocurrency
Mining Revenue : Cryptocurrency revenue consists of revenue recognized from SCI s cryptocurrency mining operations. Cryptocurrency
mining revenue was approximately 24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 10.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. We maintained our facility in Washington (Project Edith) and in 2021 added two new mining
site operations in Murray, Kentucky (Project Sophie) and Calvert City, Kentucky (Project Marie), however only Project Edith and Project
Sophie sites were operational in the first nine months of fiscal year 2021, and operations for Project Sophie site did not begin to ramp
up until the fourth quarter of 2021. Megawatts deployed increased from approximately 2 megawatts at the beginning of 2021 and increased
slowly in fiscal year 2021 to 20 megawatts for the Project Marie facility and 25 megawatts for the Project Sophie facility for the year
ended December 31, 2022. This growth in capacity and expected hashrate contributed to the growth in the business for the year-ended December
31, 2022. 

32 

Data
Hosting Revenue : In August 2021, SCI began cryptocurrency hosting services in which SCI provided energized space and operating
services to third-party mining companies who located their mining hardware at one of SCI s mining locations, in which SCI would
receive a fee per miner installed, revenue share and if additional services were rendered, an additional service fee was charged to the
outside parties. In August of 2022, the Company saw a decline in data hosting revenue per month due to a change in contract terms in
which the Company changed to charging a lower flat fee per month as compared to the previous fees charged by miner; the electricity expense
is now treated as a pass-through item and thus does not get recognized as revenue. This change resulted in less risk for the Company,
and higher margins. The Company still receives a profit share component from the hosting contract. The data hosting revenues for the
year ended December 2022 and 2021 is primarily attributed to the Project Marie mining site. The Company s data hosting revenue
was approximately 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 3.4 million in data hosting revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cost
of Cryptocurrency Revenue : Cost of cryptocurrency revenue includes direct utility costs, site overhead expenses, depreciation
expenses, as well as operations management overhead costs that relate to the operations of SCI s cryptocurrency mining facilities
in Washington and facilities in Kentucky. Going forward, cost of cryptocurrency revenue will include any additional SCI cryptocurrency
mining facilities that are part of the Company s future pipeline. 

Cost
of cryptocurrency mining revenue, exclusive of depreciation costs, was approximately 14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
respectively, compared to approximately 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Depreciation costs associated
with cryptocurrency revenue was approximately 18.7 million year ended December 31, 2022, respectively, compared to 2.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. As noted above, SCI s ramp up for cryptocurrency mining operations happened throughout
2021 and the first quarter of 2022. Project Sophie mining site did not energize until the fourth quarter of 2021. Therefore, there was
a significant variance in cryptocurrency mining revenue and associated costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to December
31, 2021. As the Company began increasing its capacity, the associated costs began to increase. As noted above, depreciation costs associated
with cryptocurrency mining revenue began to significantly increase as miners and equipment were being installed into operations and depreciated
over their useful life. 

Cost
of Data Hosting Revenue: Cost of data hosting revenue includes utility charges, site overhead expenses, and other charges. These
expenses are allocated based on the cost driving activity. 

Cost
of data hosting revenue was approximately 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. As noted above, SCI began hosting services in August 2021, in which expenses were allocated based on the cost driving
activity, and as operations began to increase, the Company incurred higher cost of revenue. As noted in the data hosting revenue, the
Company changed contract terms in August 2022, and as a result, the cost of revenue began declining in the third and fourth quarter of
2022 compared to the previous year. 

General
and Administrative Expenses: 

General
and administrative expenses include cash and non-cash compensation, benefits and related costs in support of our general corporate functions,
including general management, finance and accounting, human resources, marketing, information technology, corporate development, and
legal services. 

General
and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 10.0 million
or 109 , to 19.2 million from 9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was a result of expenses incurred in
the year ended December 31, 2022, that had significant fluctuations compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, related to the hiring of new employees for the Soluna Callisto transactions (i.e.: salary, stock-based
compensation and future pipeline expenses), as well as from changes in a number of our traditional general and administrative expenses. 

33 

Salaries,
benefits and other employee related expenses increased by 4.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. Approximately 3.7 million related to salary and fringe benefits for new employees of Soluna Callisto in connection
with the October 2021 acquisition and the subsequent hires, as compared to payroll expenses associated with SCI for just over 2 months
as of December 31, 2021, in which there was only 16 SCI employees. As of December 31, 2022, SCI had 25 employees. Approximately 1.2
million related to additional hires for supporting a larger corporate organization for SHI including more accounting functionality, compliance
and financial planning. Employee recruitment expense increased approximately 180 thousand due to growing the Company and hiring of temporary
help for some of the plant locations. Also, travel and business expenses of employees increased 356 thousand due the growth of Company
for fiscal year 2022, expanding services and potential pipeline projects. Salaries, benefits and other employee related expenses was
offset with a decrease in bonuses of 244 thousand due to cost constraints as of the end of the year for fiscal 2022. 

Stock-based
compensation costs included within G A expenses increased by 1.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2021, due to grants of restricted stock units and options granted to members of our board of directors, executives
and employees, including the new employees hired by SCI. 

Consulting
and professional services increased by 959 thousand million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 due to required valuations of complex transactions, advisory fees for complex accounting research matters, and pipeline development
project costs, in which the Company involves multiple consultants to help build out future plans. 

Legal
fees increased by approximately 1.5 million during year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to
legal expenses of approximately 1.2 million in relation to Project Dorothy. This included legal costs around the agreements with the
affiliated parties, the power purchase agreement, and Spring Lane agreements. In addition there was an increase of approximately 500
thousand in relation to general corporate matters associated with the growth of the business, higher fees for annual filing and additional
corporate filings such as 8Ks, and the special proxy meetings that occurred during the fiscal year 2022, offset with declines of approximately
 200 thousand in legal fees for other SCI operations in Kentucky. 

Insurance
expenses increased by approximately 661 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
due to an increase in general business insurance, as well as directors and officers insurance of 221 thousand. Also, there were project
level insurance costs of 440 thousand for Project Marie in Kentucky that was related to the NYDIG financing. 

Audit
and tax fees increased by 609 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was
due to increased fees for the fiscal year 2021 audit, as well as to the nature of the Company s operations changing from an instrumentation
business to a cryptocurrency mining business. 

Office
and general information and technology expenses increased by approximately 437 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to an increase in general office expense of about 115 thousand and software license expenses
of 322 thousand, as the company was working on developing and growing new technology to help build a stronger and more efficient internal
infrastructure. 

The
company incurred operations and management expenses paid to Soluna BC for the year ended December 31, 2021, which were not paid for the
year ended December 31, 2022. These amounts in 2021 totaled 1.0 million, as the operation and management fee agreements creating these
expenses ended on October 21, 2021. 

Depreciation
and Amortization associated with general and administrative expenses: Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended
December 31, 2022, totaled approximately 9.5 million, respectively, compared to 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
increase was mainly related to amortization expense related to the strategic pipeline contract that was acquired in October 2021, as
well as small increases in depreciation expenses related to general and administrative items. 

Impairment
on Equity Investment : During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company fully impaired the equity method investment of 750
thousand due to current projections with the equity investment in HEL. 

Impairment
on Fixed Assets: During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that there were impairment indicators on property,
plant and equipment associated with the S-9 and L3 miners in storage. As a result, a quantitative impairment analysis was required throughout
the fiscal year of 2022. As such, the Company reassessed its estimates and forecasts throughout the fiscal year of 2022, to determine
the fair values of the S-9 and L3 miners held in storage. As a result of the analysis, as of year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
concluded the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment associated with the S-9 and L3 miners exceeded their fair value, which
resulted in impairment charges of 2.0 million on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
addition, the Company assessed the active miners in operations and determined that based on Bitcoin pricing and other market factors,
there has been a decline in the market value of the active miners in the Company s operations. As a result, a quantitative impairment
analysis was required throughout the fiscal year of December 31, 2022. As such, the Company reassessed its estimates and forecasts throughout
the fiscal year of December 31, 2022, to determine the undiscounted cash flows to determine whether the miners would be recoverable.
It was determined based on the analysis, that the undiscounted cash flow with residual value was less than the net book value as of December
31, 2022, confirming the existence of a triggering event, and therefore required an impairment to be recognized. Based on the fair value
of the active miners compared to the net book value, the Company decided to recognize an impairment of approximately 39.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

34 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had M20 miners and M21 miners in service at the Sophie location. Of these miners a portion of the miners
was planned to be sold in the near future. The remaining M20 and M21 miners were to be disposed of as they had no value and were not
being used. Prior to year-end, the Company had a business opportunity to sell the non-disposed miners which received Board approval,
and therefore all the remaining assets were classified as assets held for sale. As a result, a quantitative impairment analysis was required
as of December 31, 2022. The Company was not generating positive cash inflows and there had been a significant decline in the market
value of miners based on the hashrate index. As a result of the fair value analysis as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded the
carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment associated with the M20 and M21 miners exceeded its fair value of 295 thousand,
which resulted in impairment charges of approximately 1.8 million on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has equipment held at vendor including switchgears, transformers, busways and bus plugs. The
Company had discussions with a potential buyer and approval of its Board of Directors for sale of the switchgears held at vendor.
There has not been a final sale, but the Company has received a purchase order for the switchgear, subject to inspection of the
equipment and final sale. Because the sale of the equipment held at vendor would mean the equipment is not being used for its
intended purpose, the Company performed a fair value analysis as of December 31, 2022, and concluded the carrying amount of the
equipment held at vendor exceeded its fair value of 916 thousand, which resulted in an impairment charge of 1.9 million on the
consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Due
to the close of operations for Project Marie that occurred subsequent to year-end, the Company will dispose of approximately 1.7
million worth of leasehold improvements and general electrical upgrades and equipment which were attached to the facility which
could not be salvaged for any value with the operations ceasing. As the NYDIG repossession and potential foreclosure were conditions
that existed prior to year-end, the Company impaired the 1.7 million of assets as of year-end. Also, the Company will have
equipment held for sale for the first quarter of 2023, in which based on a fair value analysis compared to the Company s net
book value of the equipment still held, would cause an impairment of approximately 700 thousand, therefore total impairment for the
Project Marie assets not attached with the collateralized NYDIG assets was approximately 2.4 million for year-ended December 31,
2022. 

Operating
Loss: Operating loss increased to 84.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4.5 million during the year ended
December 31, 2021. This 80.3 million loss increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, was the result of the non-cash impairments
of fixed assets of 47.4 million, additional depreciation and amortization expense of 24.5 million and increases in general, and administrative
expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization of 10.0 million for items not incurred in the prior year related to the significant
growth in the SCI operations, which led to increased revenue and costs in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest
Expense: Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8.4 million primarily related to 6.7 million of interest
expense in relation to the October Secured Notes issued on October 25, 2021 and certain promissory notes issued in each of February,
March, and April 2022 and repaid as part of the offering of Series A preferred stock in June 2022. Interest expense of 1.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively was also incurred under the NYDIG facility and due to its December 2022 default. Interest
expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1.9 million and mainly related to the interest expense in relation to the Notes that
were issued at the end of October 2021. 

Loss
on Debt Extinguishment and Revaluation : During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into the Addendum
and Addendum Amendment in which per guidance in ASC 470 the October Secured Notes were treated as a debt extinguishment in our consolidated
financial statements. The Company incurred a loss on the fair value valuation of approximately of approximately 12.9 million for the
debt extinguishment and revaluation of debt through September 31, 2022. The Company did a fair value assessment of the Notes as of December
31, 2022 and recognized a gain from previous valuation of 1.8 million; therefore, the net loss for extinguishment and revaluation for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 11.1 million. The Company did not incur a loss on debt for the year ended December
31, 2021. See Note 9. 

Loss
on Sale of Fixed Assets: The Company incurred a 4.1 million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the
disposal of miners and equipment with a net book value of approximately 6.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 in which the
Company received proceeds of 2.8 million for year ended December 31, 2022. There were no such disposals on equipment for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

35 

Income
Tax Benefit (Expense) from Continuing Operations: Income tax benefit from continuing operations for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 1.3 million, compared to an income tax expense from continuing operations of 44 thousand for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase in income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly related to deferred tax amortization
impact of acquiring an asset in a transaction that is not a business combination when the amount paid exceeds the tax basis on the
acquisition date. As such, the Company is required to adjust the value of the strategic contract pipeline by approximately 10.9
million at inception date on (October 29, 2021), which was recorded as a deferred tax liability. This amount will be amortized over
the life of the asset. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amortized 2.2 million, respectively. Income tax benefit
from continuing operations was offset by a 295 thousand deferred tax expense incurred in the second quarter of 2022 related to
increasing the Company s valuation allowance associated with the deferred tax asset, as well as a 503 thousand deferred tax
state adjustment. Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 44 thousand and was primarily a result a change in
the valuation allowance for the year offset with temporary timing differences. Our effective income tax rate for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 1.0 and 1.0 . 

Net
Loss from Continuing Operations: Net loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 107.0 million,
compared to net loss from continuing operations of 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in loss for the year
ended December 31, 2022 were the result of the factors noted above, including expenses not incurred in the prior year period, such as
a full year of amortization expense for the strategic pipeline contract intangible, depreciation on miners installed, impairments on
fixed assets, and revaluation of debt and interest costs, the cost of utilities to operate the Company s two facilities in Kentucky,
and noncash compensation expense related to equity awards, partially offset by increases in cryptocurrency mining revenue and data hosting
revenue. 

Net
Income from Discontinued Operations: As of December 31, 2022, the Company s MTI Instruments business was reported as discontinued
operations up to the date of the sale on April 11, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s net income from discontinued
operations was 7.9 million compared to 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the 7.7 million
gain on the sale of MTI Instruments offset with MTI Instruments only having approximately three months of operations prior to the sale
on April 11, 2022, compared to a full year of operations in 2021. 

Net Loss: Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 99.0 million, compared to net loss of
approximately 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively, primarily as a result of the factors noted above as related
to net loss from continuing operations, as the Company continues to grow and build out its operations for the future. 

Net
Loss attributable to non-controlling interest: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 380 thousand in relation to the Company s DVSL entity. There was no comparable balance for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Non-GAAP
Measures 

In
addition to financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ),
we also use Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as net income (loss) from continuing
operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA adjusted to eliminate the effects of certain
non-cash, non-recurring items, that we believe do not reflect our ongoing strategic business operations. Management believes that Adjusted
EBITDA results in a performance measurement that represents a key indicator of the Company s business operations of cryptocurrency
mining and hosting customers engaged in cryptocurrency mining. 

We
believe Adjusted EBITDA can be an important financial measure because it allows management, investors, and the Board to evaluate and
compare our operating results, including our return on capital and operating efficiencies, from period-to-period by making such adjustments.
Non-GAAP financial measures are subject to material limitations as they are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, measurements
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For example, we expect that stock-based compensation costs, which is excluded from the non-GAAP
financial measures, will continue to be a significant recurring expense over the coming years and is an important part of the compensation
provided to certain employees, officers, and directors. Similarly, we expect that depreciation and amortization of fixed assets will
continue to be a recurring expense over the term of the useful life of the assets. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is provided in addition to and should not be considered to be a substitute for, or superior to net income, the comparable measure
calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Further, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to revenue growth, net income,
diluted earnings per share or any other performance measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, or as an alternative to cash flow
from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider
such measures either in isolation or as substitutes for analyzing our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. 

36 

Reconciliations
of Adjusted EBITDA to net income from continuing operations, the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial metric, for historical periods are
presented in the table below: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss from continuing operations 
 (107,016 
 (6,388 
 
 Interest expense 
 8,375 
 1,879 
 
 Income tax (benefit) expense 
 (1,346 
 44 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 28,214 
 3,703 
 
 EBITDA 
 (71,773 
 (762 

Adjustments: Non-cash items 

Stock-based compensation costs 
 3,852 
 1,941 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 4,089 

Loss on debt extinguishment and revaluation, net 
 11,130 

Impairment of equity investment 
 750 

Impairment on fixed assets 
 47,372 

Adjustments: Non-recurring items 

Exchange registration expenses 
 
 293 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (4,580 
 1,472 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Several
key indicators of our liquidity are summarized in the following table: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash 
 1,136 
 10,258 
 
 Restricted cash 
 685 
 - 
 
 Working capital (deficit) 
 (24,874 
 9,299 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (107,016 
 (6,388 
 
 Net income from discontinued operations 
 7,921 
 1,127 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (6,118 
 4,635 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for discontinued operations 
 369 
 917 
 
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
 (63,684 
 (45,792 
 
 Cash dividends paid on preferred stock 
 (3,852 
 (630 

The
significant losses generated by the Company s cryptocurrency mining and hosting operations were due to ERCOT delays, power price
spikes in Kentucky and decline in market price of miners due to the substantial decline in the U.S. dollar value of Bitcoin. The Company
had a consolidated accumulated deficit of approximately 221.8 million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had negative working capital of approximately 24.9 million, a line of credit outstanding of 350 thousand, 13.0 million outstanding
principal in notes payable that may be converted to common stock, and a subsidiary of the Company that defaulted on equipment financing
and has a current outstanding loan of 10.5 million. The Company had outstanding commitments as of December 31, 2022, related to SCI for
 0.9 million in capital expenditures, and approximately 1.1 million of cash available to fund its operations. 

Based
on business developments, including changes in production levels, staffing requirements, and network infrastructure improvements, we
will require additional capital equipment in the foreseeable future. With the Company s shift in focus of the business, and the
sale of the MTI Instruments business that occurred in April 2022, the Company has now exited the instrumentation business and is focused
on developing and monetizing green, zero-carbon computing and cryptocurrency mining facilities, as well as facilities capable of hosting
customers engaged in cryptocurrency mining. 

37 

We
plan to continue funding operations from our current cash position and our projected 2023 cash flows pursuant to management s
plans. If necessary, we may also seek to supplement our resources by increasing credit facilities to fund operational working
capital and capital expenditure requirements. We expect to fund growth, including additional development and build-outs of data
centers through project-level capital raising and equity sale activities, to the extent that we can successfully raise capital
through sales of additional debt or equity securities, as well as a variety of project specific funding options. Any additional financing, if required, may not be available to us on
acceptable terms or not at all. 

As
shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company did not generate sufficient revenue to generate net income and has
negative working capital as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has seen a decline in the price of Bitcoin during the
second and third quarter of fiscal year 2022, which has had and could continue to have material and negative impacts to our
operations, although has slowly been increasing in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 and into the first quarter of 2023. These factors, among others, indicate that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
issuance of the financial statements as of December 31, 2022, or March 31, 2023. 

Further,
v arious macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and the results of our operations
and financial condition, including changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions. For instance, inflation could
negatively impact the Company by increasing our labor costs, through higher wages and higher interest rates. If inflation or other factors
were to significantly increase our business costs, our ability to develop our current projects may be negatively affected. Interest rates,
the liquidity of the credit markets and the volatility of the capital markets could also affect the operation of our business and our
ability to raise capital in order to fund our operations. If our revenue estimates are off either in timing or amount, or if cash
generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy the operational working capital and capital expenditure requirements, the Company
plans to implement additional steps to ensure liquidity including, but not limited to, the deferral of planned capital spending and/or
delaying existing or pending product development initiatives; alternatively, the Company may be required to obtain credit facilities
or other loans, if available, to fund these initiatives. However, the Company is actively monitoring
this situation and the possible effects on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, and the industry. 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities from continuing operations was approximately 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash
was used in operations by a net loss from continuing operations of 107.0 million, less non-cash items of 97.7 million, consisting primarily
of 28.2 million of amortization and depreciation expense for the year for the intangible asset acquired in 2021 and significant additions
in fixed assets, approximately 3.9 million in stock-based compensation expense, 4.1 million in loss on sale of fixed assets, 47.4
million in impairment of fixed assets, 750 thousand for impairment on equity investment, 11.1 million on loss on debt extinguishment
and revaluation, and 6.5 million for amortization of deferred financing costs and discount on notes payables issued during the year,
offset with 1.4 million in deferred income tax benefits. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was approximately 4.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.
Cash was provided from operations by a net loss of 6.4 million, less non-cash items of 7.8 million, consisting primarily of 3.7 million
of amortization and depreciation expense for the year for the intangible asset acquired and significant additions in fixed assets, approximately
 2.0 million in stock-based compensation expense, and 1.9 million for amortization of deferred financing costs and discount on notes
payables issued during the year. The change in asset and liabilities of 3.3 million consisted primary of increases in accounts payable
and accrued liabilities of 5.0 million offset by 2.2 million with increases in accounts receivable, prepaids and other assets, and
other long- term assets. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations was 369 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
 917 thousand for net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The relative changes
in assets and liabilities were comparable between the two periods. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 54.7 million
compared to 57.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 63.7 million worth of capital
expenditures, less a net change in deposits on equipment of 6.4 million, and 2.6 million in proceeds from the sale of equipment. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had 45.8 million in capital expenditures and 9.9 million additions for net change in deposits
on equipment, and 1.6 million of cash purchased on intangible assets in relation to the asset acquisition in the prior year. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 9.1 million
compared to net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations of 37 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The change represented the net cash proceeds from the sale of MTI Instruments of 9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

38 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately 42.9 million during year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted primarily
of 14.7 million in net proceeds from the sale of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock, 23.9 million in net proceeds from notes and
short-term debt issuances, and 2.3 million in net proceeds from a common offering and securities purchase offering. Proceeds of 779
thousand were also received in relation to common stock warrant exercises. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made
cash dividend payments of approximately 3.8 million to holders of its Series A Preferred Stock. Also, in the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company had a contribution of 4.8 million from its non-controlling interest in DVSL. 

In
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 59.3 million, which consisted of the common
stock capital raise and preferred stock raises that totaled approximately 40.7 in net proceeds. The Company also received proceeds from
a notes issuance of 15 million less costs associated of 1.3 million. The Company also exercised warrants totaling approximately 4.6
million and had stock option exercises of approximately 100 thousand. The Company borrowed 1.0 million under their line of credit and
made cash dividend payments to preferred stockholders of around 630 thousand. 

On
June 9, 2022, we entered into an At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Univest Securities,
LLC Univest pursuant to which we may sell, at our option, up to an aggregate of 10 million in shares of Series A
Preferred Stock, with a 25.00 liquidation preference per share (the ATM Shares through Univest, as sales agent.
Sales of the ATM Shares made pursuant to the Sales Agreement, if any, will be made under the Company s previously filed and
currently effective shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-261427) and related prospectus supplement thereto. As of
December 31, 2022, no ATM Shares have been sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement. Moreover, prior to any sales under the Sales
Agreement, the Company will deliver a placement notice to Univest that will set the parameters for such sale of the ATM Shares,
including the number of ATM Shares to be sold, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the
number of ATM Shares that may be sold in any one trading day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. Subject to the
terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Univest may sell the ATM Shares, if any, only by methods deemed to be an at the
market offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act including, without limitation, sales made directly through the Nasdaq or any other trading market on which the ATM
Shares are listed or quoted or to or through a market maker. In addition, subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales
Agreement, with the Company s prior written consent, Univest may also sell ATM Shares by any other method permitted by law, or
as may be required by the rules and regulations of Nasdaq or such other trading market on which the Company s common stock is
listed or quoted, including, but not limited to, in negotiated transactions. Univest will use commercially reasonable efforts
consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the ATM Shares in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement
and any applicable placement notice. The Company cannot provide any assurances that Univest will sell any ATM Shares pursuant to the
Sales Agreement, and as noted above, none were during 2022. 

Debt 

On
September 15, 2021, the Company entered into a 1.0 million unsecured line of credit with KeyBank, that will, among other things, allow
the Company to request loans and to use the proceeds of such loans for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The line
of credit bears interest at a rate of Prime + 0.75 per annum (6.25 interest rate as of September 30, 2022). Accrued interest is due
monthly and principal is due in full following KeyBank s demand. As of December 31, 2021, the entire line of credit of 1.0 million
was drawn and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, 650 thousand of the line has been paid down; therefore 350 thousand of the line
of credit remains outstanding. The Company has been repaying weekly principal on the KeyBank facility each week since the beginning of
September 2022. The Company does not plan to draw down on the line of credit in the foreseeable future. In addition, future drawdown
may require pre-approval by KeyBank. 

On
October 25, 2021, the Company issued to certain institutional investors secured convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of
approximately 16.3 million for an aggregate purchase price of 15.0 million. The notes are convertible, subject to certain conditions,
at any time at the option of the investors, into an aggregate of 1,776,073 shares of the Company s common stock. On July 19, 2022,
the Company entered into the Addendum with the Noteholders to amend the terms the October Secured Notes. Pursuant to the Addendum, a
portion of the October Secured Notes would be converted and may be redeemed in three tranches, with each tranche of 1,100,000 required
to be converted into common stock in each case at the then in effect conversion price of the October Secured Notes, with such price,
prior to each conversion, to be reduced (but not increased) to a 20 discount to the 5-day VWAP of the Company s common stock.
In addition, the Noteholders may require the Company to redeem up to 2,200,000 worth of October Secured Notes in connection with each
tranche at a rate of 1.20 for every 1.00 owed, less the amount of October Secured Notes converted during such tranche, not including
the required conversion amount if the Noteholders are unable to convert out of such amount of the October Secured Notes in each tranche.
The Company is also required to deposit up to 1,950,000 in an escrow account in connection with each tranche to satisfy any redemptions,
except with respect to the first tranche as provided in the Addendum Amendment. The Addendum also provides the right for the Company
to pause the commencement of the conversion of the second and third tranches each for 45 days in the event the Company pursues an equity
financing. Since inception, the Company has converted down approximately 3.8 million on the convertible debt. On September 13, 2022,
the Company entered into the Addendum Amendment with the Noteholders to amend the terms to extend the maturity date to April 15, 2023,
and increase the principal amount of the October Secured Notes by approximately 520 thousand for a total outstanding principal amount
of approximately 13 million. The events of default stated in the Notice of Acceleration and Repossession
defined below with NYDIG constituted a cross-default under the terms of secured convertible notes issued to the Noteholders. In addition
to such cross-default, the failure of the Company pursuant to the Addendum dated as of July 19, 2022, to escrow an aggregate amount of
 950,000 for the benefit of the Noteholders by December 21, 2022, constitutes an event of default under the Notes . Due to the
defaults noted, the Company did not enter into the second and third tranche of conversions. As
such, beginning on November 30, 2022, the Company has been accruing interest of 18 per annum on the outstanding principal amount due
to the default which amounted to 202 thousand as of December 31, 2022. On March 10, 2023, the Company entered into a Second Addendum
Amendment with the Noteholders, in which the Company paid approximately 617 thousand through the Company s restricted escrow accounts
and contemporaneously with the payment, the Noteholders waived all existing events of default arising under the convertible notes. 

39 

On
January 14, 2022, the Company effected an initial drawdown under the Master Equipment Finance Agreement
with NYDIG in the aggregate principal amount of approximately 4.6 million that bore interest
at 14 . On January 26, 2022, the Company had a subsequent drawdown of 9.6 million. On December 20, 2022, Soluna MC Borrowing 2021-1 LLC Borrower received
a Notice of Acceleration and Repossession (the NYDIG Notice from NYDIG with respect to the Master Agreement, by and between
Borrower and NYDIG. The obligations of Borrower under the Master Agreement and reflected in the NYDIG Notice are ring-fenced to Borrower
and its direct parent company, Soluna MC LLC. The Company is not a party to any guaranty, collateral agreement or other support agreement
with or for the benefit of NYDIG. As such, the principal balance of 10.5 million as of December 31, 2022 became due immediately and
the Borrower shall bear interest, at a rate per annum equal to 2.0 plus the rate per annum otherwise applicable to such obligations
set forth in the Master Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Borrower incurred accrued interest and penalty of approximately 274
thousand. 

On
May 3, 2022, SCI entered into the Contribution Agreement with Spring Lane, pursuant to which Spring Lane agreed, pursuant to the
terms and conditions of such agreement, to the Spring Lane Commitment. We anticipate that these capital contributions, once deployed
into the projects, will help develop up to three behind-the-meter (BTM) projects designed to convert wasted renewable energy into
clean computing services such as Bitcoin mining and artificial intelligence. The Contribution Agreement outlines the framework for
the Spring Lane Commitment; however, neither we nor Spring Lane are obligated to complete any projects under such agreement and any
actual capital contributions are subject to various conditions precedent, including the receipt of requisite lender and other
consents, acceptance by Spring Lane of specific projects and negotiations of agreements regarding those projects, including
milestones and structure. In partial consideration of the amendment to the October notes discussed above, the investors agreed to
release certain collateral covered by their security agreement to permit the Company to proceed forward with the initial first 25 MW
phase of Project Dorothy, which has been extensively funded by Spring Lane, which the Company expects to complete in the near
future. On August 5, 2022, the Company entered into the Dorothy Contribution Agreement with Spring Lane for an initial funding of up
to 12.5 million for Project Dorothy. SCI completed a final tranche of a series of
project-level agreements for 7.5 million on March 10, 2023 of capital to fund the first 25 MW of Project Dorothy and
corporate expenses from funds managed by Spring Lane Capital. Concurrently with the Sale for 7.5 million, the Company,
Spring Lane, Devco and the Project Company entered into (a) the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of
the Project Company, dated as of March 10, 2023, which is an amendment and restatement of the Third Amended and Restated Limited
Liability Company Agreement of the Project Company dated as of March 3, 2023, and (b) the Amended and Restated Contribution
Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2023 an amendment and restatement of the Contribution Agreement dated as of August 5, 2022. The
Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement provides for certain updates in respect of Spring Lane s
majority ownership. The Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement reflects updated pro rata member funding percentages as a result
of the Sale as well as updated contribution caps for each of the Company and Spring Lane. For clarity, these agreements have primarily only an indirect effect on the second 25 MW of Project Dorothy, in which
the Company continues to indirectly wholly own. 

The
COVID-19 Pandemic 

In
response to the COVID-19 global pandemic, the Company has implemented procedures to support flexible working arrangements for its workforce
based on business needs. While these measures have been necessary and appropriate, they may result in additional costs and may adversely
impact the Company s business and financial performance. As the Company s response to the pandemic evolves, the Company may
incur additional costs and will potentially experience adverse impacts to its business, each of which are uncertain at this time. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
prior discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K includes a summary of our most significant accounting policies. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosure
of assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition,
income taxes and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe
are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. Periodically, our management reviews our critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 

The
significant accounting policies that we believe are most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial
statements include the following: 

40 

Revenue
Recognition, Accounts Receivable, and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts . 

Cryptocurrency
revenue consists of revenue recognized from SCI s cryptocurrency mining facility. Revenue is recognized at the cryptocurrency s
realized cash value based upon the rates at cryptocurrency exchanges where we are registered. Cryptocurrencies are earned when the miners
solve complex computations and cryptocurrency is issued as a result. The mined cryptocurrency is immediately paid to the Coinbase wallet.
Cryptocurrency is converted to U.S. dollars on a daily basis. Also, the Company has entered into
customer hosting contracts whereby the Company provides electrical power to cryptocurrency mining customers, and the customers pay a
stated amount per megawatt-hour MWh ( Contract Capacity as well as a share of the coins mined. The fee
is paid monthly in advance. The actual monthly amounts are calculated after the close of each month and reconciled to the monthly advance. 

Trade
accounts receivable are stated at the invoiced amount billed to customers and do not bear interest. An allowance for doubtful accounts,
if necessary, represents our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine
the allowance based on historical write-off experience and current exposures identified. We review our allowance for doubtful accounts
monthly. We review past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount individually for collectability. We review all other balances
on a pooled basis by type of receivable. We charge off account balances against the allowance when we believe it is probable the receivable
will not be recovered. We do not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to our customers. 

Asset
Acquisition. 

As
the discussed above, on October 29, 2021, we closed the Soluna Callisto acquisition, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
as of August 11, 2021, by and among the Company, SCI and Soluna Callisto. The purpose of the transaction was for SCI to acquire substantially
all of the assets (other than those assets physically located in Morocco) formerly held by HEL, which assets consisted of Soluna Callisto s
existing pipeline of certain cryptocurrency mining projects that HEL previously transferred to Soluna Callisto, and to provide SCI with
the opportunity to directly employ or retain the services of four individuals whose services it had retained through HEL prior to the
merger. As a result of the merger, each share of common stock of Soluna Callisto issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger, other than shares owned by the Company or any of our subsidiaries, was cancelled and converted into the right to
receive a proportionate share of up to 2,970,000 shares (the Merger Shares of the Company s common stock payable
upon the achievement of certain milestones within five years after the effective date in the merger, as set forth in the merger agreement
and the schedules thereto (the Merger Consideration ). 

In
connection with the Soluna Callisto acquisition, effective as of October 29, 2021, pursuant to the terms of a termination agreement dated
as of August 11, 2021 by and among the Company, SCI, and HEL, on November 5, 2021, SCI paid HEL 725,000 and SHI issued to HEL 150,000
shares of SHI common stock (the Termination Shares ). SCI also reimbursed HEL 75,000 for transaction-related fees and expenses.
SHI included the termination costs as part of asset acquisition per ASC 805-50. Based on the closing price of the SHI common stock on
Nasdaq on November 5, 2021, SHI has valued the aggregate termination consideration at approximately 1.9 million. 

The
acquisition was accounted for, for purposes of GAAP, using the asset acquisition method of accounting under the Financial Accounting
Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805-50. SHI determined that it acquired in the acquisition
a group of similar identifiable assets (primarily, the strategic pipeline contract of certain cryptocurrency mining
projects), which it classified as an intangible asset for accounting purposes. As a result, SHI s acquisition of the set of assets
and activities that it acquired will constitute an asset acquisition, as opposed to a business acquisition, under ASC 805. ASC 805-50
provides that assets acquired in an asset acquisition are measured based on the costs of the acquisition, which is the consideration
that the acquirer transfers to the seller and includes direct transaction costs related to the acquisition. SHI includes Soluna Callisto s
results of operations in our results of operations beginning on the effective date of the of the acquisition, October 29, 2021. 

41 

Fair
Value Measurement. 

The
estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash, accounts receivable and short-term debt approximates their carrying
value due to their short maturities and varying interest rates. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell
an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company utilizes
valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Based on the observability
of the inputs used in the valuation methods, the Company is required to provide the following information according to the fair value
accounting standards. These standards established a fair value hierarchy as specified that ranks the quality and reliability of the information
used to determine fair values. Financial assets and liabilities are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1: 
 Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, which includes listed equities. 

Level 2: 
 Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. These items are typically priced
using models or other valuation techniques. These models are primarily financial industry-standard models that consider various assumptions,
including the time value of money, yield curves, volatility factors, as well as other relevant economic measures. 

Level 3: 
 These use unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. These values are generally estimated based upon
methodologies utilizing significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. 

The
fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input
that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
Company had Warrants included within the SPA agreement as noted in Note 9. The Warrants are considered freestanding equity-classified
instruments due to their detachable and separately exercisable features and meet the indexation criteria within derivative accounting.
Accordingly, the Warrants are presented as a component of Stockholders Equity in accordance with derivative accounting. 

Following the debt extinguishment on July 19, 2022 as noted further in Note 9, the Convertible Notes will be recorded
at fair value upon issuance (e.g., upon execution of the Addendum) per guidance within ASC 480, and at each subsequent reporting period,
with changes in fair value reported in earnings. 

Consistent
with the guidance in purchase accounting, the value of the Strategic Pipeline Contract as of the acquisition date was estimated using
an expected value approach, which probability-weights various future outcomes and uses certain Level 3 inputs. 

The
Company s equipment miners are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy due to the quoted market prices for similar assets. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current
assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximated their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Share-Based
Payments . 

We
grant options to purchase our common stock and award restricted stock to our employees and directors under our equity incentive plans.
The benefits provided under these plans are share-based payments and we account for stock-based awards exchanged for employee service
in accordance with the appropriate share-based payment accounting guidance. Stock-based compensation represents the cost related to stock-based
awards granted to employees and directors. We measure stock-based compensation cost at grant date based on the estimated fair value of
the award and recognize the cost as expense on a straight-line basis in accordance with the vesting of the options (net of estimated
forfeitures) over the option s requisite service period. We estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the grant date using
a Black-Scholes valuation model. We use the fair value method of accounting with the modified prospective application, which provides
for certain changes to the method for valuing share-based compensation. The valuation provisions apply to new awards and to awards that
are outstanding on the effective date and subsequently modified. 

The
determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock
price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include our expected stock price
volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rate, and expected
dividends. 

Theoretical
valuation models and market-based methods are evolving and may result in lower or higher fair value estimates for share-based compensation.
The timing, readiness, adoption, general acceptance, reliability, and testing of these methods is uncertain. Sophisticated mathematical
models may require voluminous historical information, modeling expertise, financial analyses, correlation analyses, integrated software
and databases, consulting fees, customization, and testing for adequacy of internal controls. 

For
purposes of estimating the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes model, we use the historical volatility of our
stock for the expected volatility assumption input to the Black-Scholes model, consistent with the accounting guidance. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the risk-free zero-coupon rate for a period consistent with the expected option term at the time of grant.
The expected option term is calculated based on our historical forfeitures and cancellation rates. 

42 

Income
Taxes. 

We
are subject to income taxes in the U.S. (federal and state). As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements,
we calculate income taxes for each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves estimating actual current taxes due together
with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment for tax and accounting purposes that are recorded as deferred
tax assets and liabilities, loss carryforwards, and tax credit carryforwards, for which income tax benefits are expected to be realized
in future years. Deferred tax assets are reported net of a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will
not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Significant
management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation
allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, such as historical
levels of income and future forecasts of taxable income amongst other items in determining our valuation allowance. In addition, our
assessment requires us to schedule future taxable income in accordance with accounting standards that address income taxes to assess
the appropriateness of a valuation allowance, which further requires the exercise of significant management judgment. 

We
account for taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, we must recognize
the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination
by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from
such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution.
The impact of our reassessment of our tax positions for these standards did not have a material impact on its results of operations,
financial condition, or liquidity. 

We
are also currently subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against
us. Developments in an audit, litigation, or in applicable laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations
could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods in which such developments occur, as well
as for prior and in subsequent periods. 

Tax
laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice,
due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and
accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination
is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as intercompany transactions, earnings being lower
than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher
statutory rates, the applicability of special tax regimes, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the
related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies, changes to our existing businesses
and operations, acquisitions and investments and how they are financed, changes in our stock price, changes in our deferred tax assets
and liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices,
principles, and interpretations. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets. 

Management
reviews long-lived assets, including finite lived intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and other assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset, asset group, or investment may not be recoverable. 

Recoverability
of assets to be held and used are measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset. Because the impairment test for long-lived assets held in use is based on estimated undiscounted cash flows,
there may be instances where an asset or asset group is not considered impaired, even when its fair value may be less than its carrying
value, because the asset or asset group is recoverable based on the cash flows to be generated over the estimated life of the asset or
asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

Factors
Expected to Affect Our Future Results 

We
expect our revenues to comprise a combination of: (i) block rewards in Bitcoin, which are fixed rewards programmed into the Bitcoin software
that are awarded to a miner or a group of miners for solving the cryptographic problem required to create a new block on a given blockchain
and (ii) transaction fees in Bitcoin, which are flexible fees earned for verifying transactions in support of the blockchain and (iii)
hosting revenues whereby the Company provides electrical power and network connectivity to cryptocurrency mining customers, and the customers
pay a stated amount and rate. 

Our
revenues are directly impacted by changes in the market value of Bitcoin. For example, the average Bitcoin price for 2020 and 2021 was
 11,057 and 47,385, respectively. Bitcoin price generally declined throughout 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the price of Bitcoin was
 16,526. Furthermore, block rewards are fixed, and the Bitcoin network is designed to periodically reduce them through halving. Currently
the block rewards are fixed at 6.25 Bitcoin per block, and it is estimated that it will halve again to 3.125 Bitcoin in April 2024. The
halving events happen without any regard to ongoing demand, meaning that if the ongoing demand remains the same after a halving event,
whatever demand was being met by new supply will be restricted, which may necessitate an adjustment of the price of Bitcoin, though there
is no definitive evidence of a causal link between Bitcoin s programmatic decrease in supply and broadening demand. Once the halving
occurs, we expect that it could have a negative impact on our revenues as the reward for each Bitcoin mines will be reduced. 

Bitcoin
miners also collect transaction fees for each transaction they confirm. Miners validate unconfirmed transactions by adding the previously
unconfirmed transactions to new blocks in the blockchain. Miners are not forced to confirm any specific transaction, but they are economically
incentivized to confirm valid transactions as a means of collecting fees. Miners have historically accepted relatively low transaction
confirmation fees, because miners have a very low marginal cost of validating unconfirmed transactions; however, unlike the fixed block
rewards, transaction fees may vary, depending on the consensus set within the network. 

As
the use of the Bitcoin network expands and the total number of Bitcoin available to mine and, thus, the block rewards, declines over
time, we expect the mining incentive structure to transition to a higher reliance on transaction confirmation fees, and the transaction
fees to become a larger proportion of the revenues to miners. These changes could have an indirect effect on our revenues from hosted
customers engaging in cryptocurrency mining. 

43 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

A
discussion of recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements is included in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part
II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
Company s Consolidated Financial Statements begin on page F-1 and are incorporated in this Item 8 by reference. 

Item
9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A: Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of SHI s
disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We recognize that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and we necessarily apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
of our Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as that term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013 version) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on our evaluation using the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework, Management has concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

44 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC
that permit us to provide only Management s Report in this annual report. 

/s/
 Michael Toporek 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Philip Patman, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act, during our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B: Other Information 

Not
applicable 

Item
9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable 

45 

PART
III 

Item
10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Code
of Conduct and Ethics: We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics for employees, officers and directors. A copy of the Code
of Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at https://www.solunacomputing.com under Investors, Governance Documents. 

The
remaining information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the information appearing under the captions Information
about our Directors, Executive Officers, Board of Director Meetings and Committees Audit Committee 
and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2023. 

Item
11: Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the information appearing under the caption Executive
Compensation in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the
SEC on or before April 30, 2023. 

Item
12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to information appearing under the caption Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2023. 

Item
13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the information appearing under the captions Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Information about our Directors in our definitive Proxy Statement for
the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC on or before April 30, 2023. 

Item
14: Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the information appearing under the caption Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with
the SEC on or before April 30, 2023. 

46 

PART
IV 

Item
15: Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

15(a)
(1) Financial Statements: The financial statements filed herewith are set forth on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
on page F-1 of the separate financial section which accompanies this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

15(a)
(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules not listed have been omitted because they are either not required,
not applicable, or the information has been included elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

15(a)
(3) 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated August 11, 2021, by and among Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, SCI Merger Sub, Inc., and Soluna Callisto Holdings Inc., formerly known as Soluna Computing, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed August 12, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2020). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Merger filed with the Department of State of New York (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2020). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada dated June 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed June 15, 2021). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed November 4, 2021). 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws of the Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2020). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 18, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 22, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K Report filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 

3.9 
 
 Certificate
of Amendment to Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 21, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K Report filed
with the SEC on April 27, 2022). 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 20, 2022. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed April 12, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed April 12, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed April 29, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 18, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-A filed August 19, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on December 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed December 29, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Form of 9.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed August 23, 2021). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note issued by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

47 

4.8 
 
 Form of Class A Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

4.9 
 
 Form of Class B Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

4.10 
 
 Form of Class C Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed December 29, 2021). 

4.12 
 
 Form of Class D Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

4.13 
 
 Form of Class E Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

4.14 
 
 Form of Class F Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

4.15 
 
 Form of Class G Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

4.16 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.13 of the Company s Form 10-K as of December 31, 2021 filed March 31, 2022) 

10.1+ 
 
 Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2016). 

10.2+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement Notice for Board of Directors and Employees for Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.3+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Notice for Employees for Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.4+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Notice for Employees for Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Notice for Board of Directors for Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed March 4, 2020). 

10.7+ 
 
 Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on April 25, 2014). 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed March 4, 2020). 

10.9+ 
 
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Grant Agreement under the Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196989) filed with the Commission on June 24, 2014). 

10.10+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement under the Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-196989) filed with the Commission on June 24, 2014). 

10.11+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on October 7, 2021) 

48 

10.12+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021.) 

10.13+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Amended and Restated Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021.) 

10.14+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021.) 

10.15+ 
 
 Second Amended And Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 

10.16+ 
 
 Form of Option Agreement for the Second Amended And Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 

10.17+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for the Second Amended And Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Second Amended And Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 

10.19 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 21, 2016, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, and Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 21, 2016). 

10.20 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 21, 2016, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, and Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 21, 2016). 

10. 21 
 
 Form of Option Exercise and Stock Transfer Restriction Agreement between Soluna Holdings, Inc. and its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 21, 2016). 

10.22 
 
 Class A Preferred Share Purchase Agreement dated January 13, 2020, among Harmattan Energy, Ltd., formerly known as Soluna Technologies, Ltd., Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, and the other investors set forth on Exhibit A thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.21 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed March 4, 2020). 

10.23 
 
 Amended and Restated Contingent Rights Agreement dated November 5, 2021, by and between Harmattan Energy, Ltd. and Soluna Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s 10-K as of December 31, 2021) 

10.24 
 
 Side Letter Agreement dated January 13, 2020, by and between Harmattan Energy, Ltd., formerly known as Soluna Technologies, Ltd., and Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed March 4, 2020). 

10.25 
 
 Sale Order dated May 18, 2020, by and between GigaWatt, Inc. and the United States Bankruptcy Court Eastern District of Washington (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement dated May 20, 2020, by and between Mark D. Waldron, as Chapter 11 Trustee and Soluna Computing, Inc., formerly known as EcoChain, Inc (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

10.27 
 
 Assignment of Lease Agreements dated February 4, 2020, by and between, on the one hand, David M. Carlson, Dorrinda M. Carlson, Enterprise Focus, Inc. and, on the other hand, Mark D. Waldron, in his capacity as the Chapter 11 Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.37 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

10.28 
 
 Commercial Lease dated August 1, 2018, by and between TNT Business Complexes, LLC and Enterprise Focus, Inc. and Dave Carlson (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

10.29 
 
 Commercial Lease dated November 14, 2014, by and between TNT Business Complexes, LLC and Dave Carlson /Enterprise Focus, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.39 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

10.30 
 
 October 21, 2019 Certified Letter Regarding Option to Extend Commercial Lease dated November 14, 2014, by and between TNT Business Complexes, LLC and Dave Carlson /Enterprise Focus, Inc (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.40 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

10.31 
 
 Amendment of Commercial Lease Agreement dated January 28, 2020, by and between Mark Waldron, as Chapter 11 Trustee and TNT Business Complexes, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.41 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed September 30, 2020). 

49 

10.32 
 
 Industrial
 Power Contract dated February 22, 2021, by and between Soluna SW LLC, formerly known as EcoChain Wind, LLC, and a West Kentucky Rural
 Electric Cooperative Collaboration (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarter
 ended June 30, 2021) 

10.33 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement dated as of April 11, 2021, by and between Soluna MC LLC, formerly known as EcoChain Block, LLC, and Seller
 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed April 12, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Form
 of Power Supply Agreement dated as of May 3, 2021, by and between Soluna MC LLC, formerly known as EcoChain Block, LLC, and a power-providing
 cooperative (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed May 4, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Form
 of Transition Services Agreement dated as of May 3, 2021, by and between Soluna MC LLC, formerly known as EcoChain Block, LLC, and
 a power-providing cooperative (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed May 4, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Form
 of Guaranty of Rent dated as of May 3, 2021, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated,
 and a power-providing cooperative (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed May 4,
 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Termination
 Agreement dated August 11, 2021, by and among Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, Soluna
 Computing, Inc., formerly known as EcoChain, Inc., and Harmattan Energy, Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s Form 8-K Report filed August 12, 2021). 

10.38 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated October 20, 2021, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated,
 and accredited investors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement dated October 25, 2021, by and between the Company and accredited investors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit
 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

10.40 
 
 Security
 Agreement dated October 25, 2021, by and among the Company, MTI Instruments and Soluna Computing,
 Inc., formerly known as EcoChain, Inc., Soluna MC LLC, formerly known as EcoChain Block LLC,
 and Soluna SW LLC, formerly known as EcoChain Wind LLC, and Collateral Services LLC (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 25, 2021). 

10.41 
 
 Master
 Equipment Finance Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021 by and between Soluna MC Borrowing
 2021-1 LLC and NYDIG ABL LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Form 8-K Report filed January 18, 2022). 

10.42 
 
 Digital
 Asset Account Control Agreement, effective as of December 30, 2021 by and among Soluna MC Borrowing 2021-1 LLC, NYDIG ABL LLC and
 NYDIG Trust Company LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed January 18, 2022). 

10.43 
 
 Guaranty
 Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021 by Soluna MC LLC, in favor of NYDIG ABL LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3
 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed January 18, 2022). 

10.44 
 
 Consent
 and Waiver Agreement, dated January 13, 2022, by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
 dated as of October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed January 18,
 2022). 

10.45+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc. and Michael Toporek, dated as of January 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference from
 Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed January 21, 2022). 

10.46 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc. and NKX Acquiror, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Report filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022). 

10.47 
 
 Form
 of Note by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc. and certain institutional lenders (incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 10.53 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2022.) 

10.48 
 
 Commercial Security Agreement, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, and KeyBank National Association, dated September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.54 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Promissory Note, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, and KeyBank National Association, dated September 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.55 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2022). 

10.50 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, by and between the Company and Univest Securities, LLC, dated October 24, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 

10.51 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022). 

50 

10.52+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc. and Philip F. Patman, Jr, dated as of July 29, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Report filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022). 

10.53 
 
 Form of Addendum by and between the Company, Collateral Agent, and each purchaser identified on Schedule A hereto (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022). 

10.54 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and the purchasers signatory thereto (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022). 

10.55 
 
 Form of Leak-Out Agreement by and between the Company and the signatory thereto (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2022). 

10.56 
 
 At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated June 9, 2022, by and between the Company and the Univest Securities, LLC (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9, 2022). 

10.57 
 
 Contribution Agreement by and between Soluna Holdings, Inc., Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC, Soluna DV Devco, LLC, and Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, dated as of August 5, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022). 

10.58 
 
 Form of Addendum Amendment by and Between the Company and the signatories thereof, dated September 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

10.59 
 
 Form of Series B Consent by and between the Company and the signatory thereof, dated September 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022). 

10.60 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers named therein, dated December 5, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 5, 2022). 

10.61 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 5, 2022). 

10.62+ 
 
 Soluna Holdings, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2023) 

10.63+ 
 
 Soluna Holdings, Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2023) 

10.64 
 
 Purchase of Membership Interests of Soluna DVSL Computeco LLC dated March 10, 2023 

10.65 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated LLC Agreement Soluna DVSL Computeco LLC 

10.66 
 
 Data Facility Lease 

10.67 
 
 Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement dated March 10, 2023 

10.68 
 
 Power Purchase Agreement with Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc. dated February 24, 2023 

10.69 
 
 Second Addendum Amendment dated as of March 3, 2023 with Convertible Noteholders 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Soluna Holdings, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of UHY LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

#
Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted based upon a request for confidential treatment. The omitted portions have been filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to our application for confidential treatment. The items are identified in the exhibit
with . 

+
Represents management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 

Item
16: Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

51 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOLUNA
 HOLDINGS, INC . 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Toporek 

Michael
 Toporek 

Chief
Executive Officer 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Philip Patman, Jr. 

Philip
 Patman, Jr. 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael Toporek 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Michael
 Toporek 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Philip Patman, Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Philip
 Patman, Jr. 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Jessica L. Thomas 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

Jessica
 L. Thomas 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 William Phelan 
 
 Chairman 

William
 Phelan 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Edward R. Hirshfield 
 
 Director 

Edward
 R. Hirshfield 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Matthew E. Lipman 
 
 Director 

Matthew
 E. Lipman 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Thomas J. Marusak 
 
 Director 

Thomas
 J. Marusak 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 David C. Michaels 
 
 Director 

David
 C. Michaels 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 William Hazelip 
 
 Director 

William
 Hazelip 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 John Belizaire 
 
 Director 

John
 Belizaire 

March 31, 2023 

/s/
 John Bottomley 
 
 Director 

John
 Bottomley 

March 31, 2023 

52 

SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2
 to F-4 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9
 to F-45 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Soluna Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Soluna Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and had significant accumulated deficit and
negative working capital that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Impairment
Analysis of Intangible Assets 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has strategic pipeline contracts related to the Company s business.
These contracts relate to the potential renewable energy data centers that the Company is in the process of completing. As of December
31, 2022, the book value of the strategic pipeline contracts totaled 46.9 million with accumulated amortization of 10.9 million. 

We
identified the impairment analysis of the strategic pipeline contract intangible assets triggered by the impairment indicators as a critical
audit matter because the analysis includes significant estimates, assumptions and judgments. Specifically, the determination of the fair
value of the strategic pipeline contracts was based on the status of the projects, undiscounted cash flows and the probability of realization
of the benefit. The determination of the intangible fair value required management to make significant judgments, including the appropriateness
of the valuation model and the reasonableness of estimates and assumptions included in the model. Changes in these estimates and assumptions
could have a significant impact on the fair value of the intangible assets. Auditing these elements involved especially challenging auditor
judgment due to the subjectivity and the nature and extent of audit effort required to address the matter, including the extent of specialized
skills or knowledge needed. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
gained an understanding of certain internal controls over the Company s process to analyze the intangible asset for impairment,
including controls related to the Company s valuation. For example, we gained an understanding of controls over the estimation
process supporting the valuation of the strategic pipeline contracts intangible asset, which included controls over management s
review of assumptions used in its valuation model. 

To
test the estimated fair value of the strategic pipeline contracts, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating
the valuation methodology used by the Company s valuation specialist, and evaluating the reasonableness of the key assumptions
used to determine the estimated fair value. We utilized our firm s valuation specialists to assist with the evaluation of the methodology
used by management and significant assumptions included in the fair value estimate, including testing the likelihood of various scenarios.
For example, we compared the Company s budgets and forecasts and reviewed the status of the projects used as part of the determination
of the likelihood of the various scenarios. We performed a sensitivity analysis over key assumptions used in the model. We also evaluated
the adequacy of the Company s disclosures included in Note 2 and Note 6 in relation to this valuation. 

Fair
value of the Warrants and Convertible Note 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements, the Company offered a total of approximately 9 million common stock purchase warrants.
The fair value of the warrants, as of the issuance date, was 15 million. The Company uses option pricing models to estimate the fair
value of the warrants using various market-based inputs. The debt modification addendum on July 19, 2022, as described in Note 9, resulted
in deemed extinguishment of the old convertible note, and the new convertible note was accounted for under the fair value method on a
recurring basis in accordance with ASC 480. 

We
identified the assessment of the measurement of fair value of the warrants and convertible note as a critical audit matter. Specifically,
there was a high degree of subjectivity and judgment in evaluating the determination of the expected volatility inputs used in the option
pricing models for the warrants. Historical, implied, and peer group volatility levels provide a range of possible expected volatility
inputs and the fair value estimates for the warrants are sensitive to the expected volatility inputs. 

F- 3 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included gaining an understanding of certain internal controls
over the Company s process to measure the fair value of the warrants and convertible note. This included controls related to the
evaluation of observable market information used in the determination of the expected volatility inputs. We also involved our firm s
valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 

evaluating
 the expected volatility inputs by comparing them against a volatility range that was independently developed in consideration of
 historical, implied, and peer group volatility information; and 

developing an estimate
 of the convertible note and warrants fair value using the independently developed volatility range and comparing it to the
 value calculated by the Company. 

Impairment
Analysis of Fixed Assets 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company performed a quarterly assessment of the status of its long-lived
assets at each subsidiary for potential impairment. The results of the analysis performed, the Company had impaired approximately 47.4
million of property, plant and equipment. The Company s recorded impairment includes an assessment of the fair value of the property
plant and equipment utilizing factors such as market value of comparable equipment for sale, the Hashrate Index and Luxor ASIC Trading
Desk Market Update. 

We
identified the impairment analysis of the fixed assets as a critical audit matter due to the significant estimates, assumptions, and
judgment used by management when evaluating the fair value of fixed assets. This led to a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity
in performing procedures on management s assessment of the valuation of the fixed assets. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We
gained an understanding of certain internal controls over the Company s impairment assessment process, including controls related
to the valuation of fixed assets, and the review of activity that could result in changes to the Company s valuation. Since impairment
of fixed assets was material during the year ended December 31, 2022 and complex, we performed the following: 

Independently
 assessing the relevance and reliability of the inputs into the valuation assessment, such as the Hashrate Index and Luxor ASIC Trading
 Desk Market Update. 

Evaluating the valuation
 for the fixed assets through independently comparing with prices of similar assets found through third party resources, as well as
 subsequent disposals or sales. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 4 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

(Dollars
in thousands, except per share) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits on equipment 

Current assets associated with discontinued operations 

Total Current Assets 

Other assets 

Equity investment 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Line of credit 

Convertible notes payable 

Current portion of debt 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liability 

Income taxes payable 

Current liabilities associated with discontinued operations 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Long term debt 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share, liquidation preference; authorized ; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, authorized ; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Preferred stock, value 

Common stock, par value per share, authorized ; shares issued and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Common stock in treasury, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 

Total Soluna Holdings, Inc. Stockholders Equity 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands, except per share) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cryptocurrency mining revenue 

Data hosting revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating costs: 

Cost of cryptocurrency mining revenue, exclusive of depreciation 

Depreciation costs associated with cryptocurrency mining 

Total cost of cryptocurrency mining revenue 

Cost of data hosting revenue 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation and amortization associated with general and administrative expenses 

Total general and administrative expenses 

Impairment on equity investment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment on fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Operating loss 

Interest expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment and revaluation, net 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes from continuing operations 

Income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Income before income taxes from discontinued operations (including gain on sale of MTI Instruments of for year ended December 31, 2022) 

Income tax benefit from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

(Less) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributable to Soluna Holdings, Inc. 

Basic and Diluted (loss) earnings per common share: 

Net loss from continuing operations per share (Basic Diluted) 

Net income from discontinued operations per share (Basic Diluted) 

Basic Diluted loss per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding (Basic and Diluted) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars
in thousands, except per share) 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Treasury
 Stock 

Series
 A Shares 
 Amount 
 Series
 B Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Non- 
Controlling 
 Interest 
 Total Stockholders 

 Equity 

January 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Preferred dividends distribution 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of shares preferred offering 

Issuance of shares stock offering 

Issuance of shares option exercises 

Issuance of shares warrant exercises 

Issuance of shares- Notes conversion 

Issuance of shares- termination shares 

Warrants issued in relation
 to debt financing 

Share consideration of asset acquisition 

Issuance
 of shares-restricted stock 

December
 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Preferred dividends distribution-Series
 A 

Preferred dividends-Series
 B 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of shares preferred offering 

Issuance of shares common offering 

Issuance of shares 
 Securities Purchase offering 

Restricted stock units vested 

Issuance of shares warrant exercises 

Issuance of shares- Notes conversion 

Issuance of shares -Series
 B preferred offering 

Issuance of shares option exercises 

Issuance of shares-restricted
 stock 

Promissory note conversion
 to preferred shares 

Treasury Shares conversion 

3,023 

Surrender of warrants for common
 shares 

Warrants and valuation issued
 in relation to debt financing 

Issuance of common shares in
 relation to preferred common offerings 

Contribution
 to Non-Controlling interest 

December
 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollars
in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year
Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Net income from discontinued operations (including gain on sale of MTI Instruments of for the year ended December 31, 2022) 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Consultant stock compensation 

Deferred income taxes 

Impairment on fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of operating lease asset 

Impairment on equity investment 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment and revaluation, net 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization on deferred financing costs and discount on notes 

Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities- discontinued operations 

Investing Activities 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 

Purchases of intangible assets 

Proceeds from disposal on property, plant, and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits of equipment, net 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities- discontinued operations 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from preferred offerings 

Proceeds from common stock offering 

Proceeds from notes and debt issuance 

Costs of preferred offering 

Costs of common stock offering 

Costs of notes and short-term debt issuance 

Cash dividend distribution on preferred stock 

Borrowings under line of credit 
 - 

Payments on NYDIG loans and line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Contributions from non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Proceeds from common stock warrant exercises 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash restricted cash-continuing operations 

Increase in cash restricted cash- discontinued operations 

Cash restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash restricted cash end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Noncash equipment financing 
 
 - 
 
 Interest paid on NYDIG loans and line of credit 

Proceed receivable from sale of MTI Instruments 
 
 - 
 
 Notes converted to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant consideration in relation to promissory notes and convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory note conversion to preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Noncash proceed on sale of equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of miner equipment using restricted stock 
 - 

Registration fees in prepaids and accounts payable 
 - 

Termination shares issued in conjunction with merger for intangible assets 
 - 

Warrants exercised prior to year-end not received until subsequent period 
 - 

Share consideration in relation to strategic pipeline contract 
 - 

Deferred tax liability in relation to strategic pipeline contract 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

ownership interest in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC DVSL in which is included within the Project Dorothy site, as discussed further in Note 18, and subsequent to year-end, had a reduction in
ownership to as discussed further in Note 20. 

Until
the Sale (as defined below), we also operated though our wholly owned subsidiary, MTI Instruments, an instruments business engaged in
the design, manufacture and sale of vibration measurement and system balancing solutions, precision linear displacement sensors, instruments
and system solutions, and wafer inspection tools. MTI Instruments was incorporated in New York on March 8, 2000. MTI Instruments 
products consisted of engine vibration analysis systems for both military and commercial aircraft and electronic gauging instruments
for position, displacement and vibration application within the industrial manufacturing markets, as well as in the research, design
and process development markets. These systems, tools and solutions were developed for markets and applications that require consistent
operation of complex machinery and the precise measurements and control of products, processes, and the development and implementation
of automated manufacturing and assembly. On December 17, 2021, we announced that we had entered into a non-binding letter of intent with
a potential buyer (the Buyer regarding the potential sale of MTI Instruments (the LOI to an unrelated third
party. Pursuant to the LOI, the Buyer would acquire of the issued and outstanding common stock of MTI Instruments. As a result of
the foregoing, the MTI Instruments business was reported as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2021 and prior periods included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March
31, 2022 (the Prior Year Annual Report ), as well as in these consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022.
On April 11, 2022, we consummated the Sale, MTI Instruments ceased to be our wholly-owned subsidiary and, as a result, we have exited
the instruments business. See Note 14 for additional information on the Sale. 

On
April 11, 2022, SHI entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with NKX Acquiror, Inc. (the
 Purchaser ), pursuant to which the Company sold on such date all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of
its wholly-owned subsidiary, MTI Instruments, for approximately million in cash, subject to certain adjustments as set forth in
the Stock Purchase Agreement (the Sale ). The consideration paid by the Purchaser to the Company was based on an aggregate
enterprise value of approximately million. The Company recognized a gain on sale of approximately million. 

Going
Concern and Liquidity 

The
Company s financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company did not generate sufficient
revenue to generate net income and has negative working capital as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has seen a decline
in the price of Bitcoin, especially in the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2022 due its volatility, which had a material
and negative impact to our operations, however, did some improvement in the fourth quarter of 2022. These factors, among others indicate
that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after issuance of these
financial statements as of December 31, 2022, or March 31, 2023. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining
the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.
In the near term, management is evaluating and implementing different strategies to obtain financing to fund the Company s expenses
and growth to achieve a level of revenue adequate to support the Company s current cost structure. Financing strategies may include,
but are not limited to, stock issuances, project level equity, debt borrowings, partnerships and/or collaborations. If the Company is
unable to meet its financial obligations, it could be forced to restructure or refinance, seek additional equity capital or sell its
assets. The Company might then be unable to obtain such financing or capital or sell its assets on satisfactory terms. There can be no
assurance that additional financing will be available to the Company when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially
reasonable terms. If the Company is not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, if and when it is needed, it will
be forced to delay or scale down some or all of its development activities or perhaps even cease the operation of its business. 

In
addition, as discussed above and further in Notes 16, and 17, the Company sold the MTI Instruments business in April 2022 to focus on
developing and monetizing green, zero-carbon computing and cryptocurrency mining facilities. The Company received approximately 
million in cash, net of transaction costs, from the Sale. 

To
further implement management s strategy, the Company entered into transactions to (i) recapitalize and negotiate revised terms
with senior secured lenders, which released collateral (thus enabling execution of the project financing strategy), (ii) provide a
means for Noteholders (as defined in Note 9) to reduce the Company s debt through the equity markets, and (iii) issue and sell
 
million in a new series of preferred stock. In addition, in May 2022, SCI entered into a structural understanding with Soluna SLC
Fund I Projects Holdco LLC Spring Lane ), a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which Spring Lane agreed
to provide up to 
million in project financing subject to various milestones and conditions precedent; following the recapitalization and
restructuring discussed above, and in August 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Spring Lane for an initial funding of
up to 
million from the previously agreed-upon 
million commitment from Spring Lane for Project Dorothy for a ownership as of year-end. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received approximately 
million worth of contributions from Spring Lane. 

Soluna
MC Borrowing 2021-1, received a Notice of Acceleration and Repossession (the NYDIG Notice from NYDIG ABL LLC NYDIG with respect to the Master Equipment Finance Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021 (the MEFA ),
by and between Borrower and NYDIG. The obligations of Borrower under the MEFA and reflected in the NYDIG Notice were ring-fenced to Borrower
and its direct parent company, Soluna MC LLC. The approximate aggregate principal and interest outstanding under the MEFA and the Loan
Documents as of end of the year were approximately 
 million. On February
23, 2023, NYDIG proceeded to foreclose on all of the collateral securing the MEFA, which resulted in a reportable disposition of all
of the Company s mining assets at the site and certain of the operating assets of Project Marie. The total net book value of the
collateralized assets that were repossessed totaled million. Additionally, NDYIG has stated its intention to pursue SCI, the parent
company of Guarantor, under a piercing of the corporate veil claim relating to Defendants debts and liabilities under the loan
documents. SCI denies any such liability and has filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against NYDIG in the Eighth Judicial District
Court in Clark County, Nevada on March 16, 2023 seeking a declaratory judgment as to such matter. 

In
October 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Spring Lane (the Spring Lane Note with an aggregate
principal amount of thousand. Upon closing of the October 2022 Offering, the Company issued to Spring Lane an aggregate of 
shares of common stock upon the automatic conversion of the Spring Lane Note, equal to the aggregate principal amount of and
accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the same price per share as the October 2022 Offering noted below. On October 24, 2022, the Company
entered into an Underwriting Agreement with Univest Securities, LLC in connection with the offer and sale to such underwriter, in a firm
commitment public offering of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share at a price to the public
of per share October 2022 Offering ). The aggregate gross proceeds were approximately million before deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of million) and other offering fees and expenses, resulting in aggregate net proceeds
to the Company of approximately million. 

On
December 5, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with the purchasers named therein of shares of the
Company s common stock, par value per share and associated warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at
a price of per share and associated Warrants, with the investors in the Offering having the right to purchase additional shares
of Common Stock and related warrants in up to two subsequent placements December Offering ). 

Subsequent
to year-end, the Company has entered into six separate promissory notes for a total of 
 thousand at an interest
rate of .
In March, 2023, we retired two of these promissory notes for a total of thousand, leaving thousand still outstanding, using
proceeds from a subsequent placement of the aforementioned December Offering. 

. 

In
addition to the proceeds from the foregoing transactions and together with the Company s cash on hand for available use of approximately
 million as of December 31, 2022, the Company will need additional capital raising activities, to meet its outstanding commitments
relating to capital expenditures as of December 31, 2022 of million and other operational needs, as well as additional needs during
2023 and management continues to evaluate different strategies to obtain financing to fund operations. However, management cannot provide
any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing additional financing or any of its other plans. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic has been unprecedented and unpredictable, and the impact is likely to
continue to result in significant national and global economic disruption, which may adversely affect our business. Although the Company
has experienced some minor changes to our miner shipments due to disruptions in the global supply chain, the Company does not expect
any material impact on our long-term strategic plans, our operations, or our liquidity due to the impacts of COVID-19. Further,
v arious macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and the results of our operations
and financial condition, including changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions. For instance, inflation could
negatively impact the Company by increasing our labor costs, through higher wages and higher interest rates. If inflation or other factors
were to significantly increase our business costs, our ability to develop our current projects may be negatively affected. Interest rates,
the liquidity of the credit markets and the volatility of the capital markets could also affect the operation of our business and our
ability to raise capital in order to fund our operations. However, the Company is actively monitoring this situation and the possible
effects on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, and the industry. 

thousand in the Annual Report presentation as an increase within accumulated deficit. However, in the absence of retained earnings,
cash dividends should generally be charged to Additional-Paid-in Capital APIC ). This treatment is supported by
Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480-10-S99-2, which requires accretion of redeemable preferred stock to be
charged to APIC in the absence of retained earnings. As the Company did not have accumulated profit (i.e.: absence of retained
earnings), the preferred cash dividends should have been charged to APIC. 

Adjustment for correction of an error-Preferred dividends 

Balance September 30, 2021-as adjusted 

December 31, 2021 

Adjustment for correction of an error-Preferred dividends 

December 31, 2021-as adjusted 

Balance 

Computers
 and related software 

to years 

Cryptocurrency
 miners 

years 

Machinery
 and equipment 

to years 

Office
 furniture, equipment and fixtures 

to years 

Buildings 
 
 - 
 years 

Purchased
 pre-fabricated buildings 
 
 - 
 years 

Significant
additions or improvements extending assets useful lives are capitalized; normal maintenance and repair costs are expensed as incurred.
The costs of fully depreciated assets remaining in use are included in the respective asset and accumulated depreciation accounts. When
items are sold or retired, related gains or losses are included in net (loss) income. 

years, assembled workforce of individuals included
as part of the asset acquisition with an estimated useful life of years and patents with an estimated useful life of - years. The
Company amortizes the intangible assets over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The Company does not recognize internally
developed patents as intangible assets, however legal costs associated with defending such patents are capitalized as long-lived assets. 

The
Company accounts for taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, the Company
must recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained
on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial
statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate resolution. The impact of the Company s reassessment of its tax positions for these standards did not have a material
impact on its results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 

The
Company is currently subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and these jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities
against us. Developments in an audit, litigation, or in applicable laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations
could have a material effect on the Company s operating results or cash flows in the period or periods in which such developments
occur, as well as for prior and in subsequent periods. 

Tax
laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without notice,
due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating the Company s
provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate
tax determination is uncertain. The Company s effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as intercompany transactions,
earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where the Company has lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions
where the Company has higher statutory rates, the applicability of special tax regimes, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which the
Company is not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies,
changes to its existing businesses and operations, acquisitions and investments and how they are financed, changes in the Company s
stock price, changes in its deferred tax assets and liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and
other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations. 

Equity
Investment Harmattan Energy Limited 

The
Company owns approximately of HEL s outstanding stock, calculated on a fully-diluted basis, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The equity investment in HEL is carried at the cost of investment and was following the impairment of the equity investment as of
December 31, 2022. Previously, it was thousand as of December 31, 2021. 

Equity
Investments without Readily Determinable Fair Values 

Our
equity investment in HEL is accounted for under the measurement alternative. Equity securities measured and recorded using the measurement
alternative are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying observable price changes.
Adjustments resulting from impairments and observable price changes are recorded in the income statement. There was an impairment recognized
for the full amount of thousand in fiscal year 2022. No impairment was recognized in fiscal year 2021. 

Equity
Method Investments 

The
Company s consolidated net income or loss will include our proportionate share, if any, of the net income or loss of our
equity method investee. When the Company records its proportionate share of net income, it increases equity income (loss), net in
our consolidated statements of operations and our carrying value in that investment. Conversely, when the Company records its
proportionate share of a net loss, it decreases equity income (loss), net in our consolidated statements of operations and our
carrying value in that investment. When the Company s carrying value in an equity method investee company has been reduced to
zero, no further losses are recorded in the Company s financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the
investee company or has committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income, the Company will not
record its share of such income until it equals the amount of its share of losses not previously recognized. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owned approximately 
of MeOH Power, Inc. s outstanding common stock, or 
shares. The number of shares of MeOH Power, Inc. s common stock authorized for issuance is 
as of December 31, 2022. The Company records its investment in MeOH Power, Inc. using the equity method of accounting. The fair
value of the Company s interest in MeOH Power, Inc. has been determined to be 
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, based on MeOH Power, Inc. s net position and expected cash flows. 

The
Company consolidates the accounts of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC DVSL ), a VIE, in which the Company holds a equity
interest as of December 31, 2022, and which was created in order to construct, own, operate and maintain multi-purpose data centers in
order to support the mining of cryptocurrency assets, batch processing and other non-crypto related activities. DVSL was designed by
Soluna to create an entity for outside investors to invest in specific projects. The creation of DVSL resulted in Soluna, through its
equity interest in DVSL, absorbing operational risk that the entity was created to create and distribute, resulting in Soluna having
a variable interest in DVSL. Soluna is the primary beneficiary of DVSL, due to its role as the manager handling the day-to-day activities
of DVSL and its majority ownership of Class B Units of DVSL, and thus has the power to direct the activities of DVSL that most significantly
impact the performance of DVSL and has the obligation to absorb losses or gains of DVSL that could be significant to Soluna. DVSL is
a VIE of Soluna as DVSL is structured with non-substantive voting rights. 

shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares ), at an exercise price , and per
share, respectively. The Warrants are considered freestanding equity-classified instruments due to their detachable and separately exercisable
features and meet the indexation criteria within derivative accounting. Accordingly, the Warrants are presented as a component of Stockholders 
Equity in accordance with derivative accounting. 

The
fair value of the Warrants were determined to be per Class A Warrant, per Class B warrant, and per Class C warrant
as of the valuation date, using Monte Carlo simulations and certain Level 3 inputs. As noted in Note 9, the Company entered into
an Addendum and Addendum Amendment in which the Company surrendered their Class B and Class C warrants in exchange for Class
D common stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of per share, Class E common stock purchase warrants of common stock at an
exercise price of per share, Class F common stock purchase warrants of common stock at an exercise price of per share, and
Class G common stock purchase warrants of common stock at an exercise price of , in which had fair values to be determined at 
for Class D, for Class E, for Class F, and for Class G, respectively. Any modifications of the warrants were subsequently
revalued. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free
interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock warrants based on implied volatility from
its traded warrants and historical volatility of select peers common stock with a similar expected term of the Warrants. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield on the grant date with a maturity similar to the expected remaining term
of the warrants. The expected term of the Warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate
is based on the historical rate, which the Company expects to remain at zero. 

Following
the debt extinguishment on July 19, 2022 as noted further in Note 9, the Convertible Notes will be accounted for under the fair
value method on a recurring basis upon issuance (e.g., upon execution of the Addendum) per guidance within ASC 480, and at each
subsequent reporting period, with changes in fair value reported in earnings. Although the Notes are not being accounted for under
825-10, the substance of the debt is considered to be the same and is therefore considered outside the scope of ASC 470-60. As such,
the Company performed a fair value analysis of the Convertible Notes. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company had Monte
Carlo simulations run-out for the expected conversion dates of the Convertible Notes using risk free rates, annual volatility, daily
trading volumes, likely conversion profiles, and other assumptions based on principal and accrued interest as of the year-end. The
Company determined the fair value of the Convertible Notes uses certain Level 3 inputs. 

Changes in Level
3 Financial Liabilities Carried at Fair Value 

Conversions of debt 

Total revaluation loss 

Balance, September 13, 2022 

Total revaluation gains 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Following
the debt extinguishment on July 19, 2022 as noted further discussed in Note 9, the Convertible Notes will be accounted for under the
fair value method on a recurring basis upon issuance (e.g., upon execution of the Addendum) per guidance within ASC 480, and at each
subsequent reporting period, with changes in fair value reported in earnings. The Company had a subsequent Addendum Amendment on
September 13, 2022, which caused a revaluation of the fair value on the executed Addendum Amendment date. 

Consistent
with the guidance in purchase accounting, the value of the pipeline of certain cryptocurrency mining projects previously owned by HEL
acquired in the Soluna Callisto acquisition in October 2021 as of the acquisition date was estimated using an expected value approach,
which probability-weights various future outcomes and uses certain Level 3 inputs. Included in those inputs are the following key assumptions:
expected growth in share price at a risk-free rate in the risk-neutral framework based on U.S. Treasury Rates as of the valuation date,
volatility of share price based on historical equity volatilities of comparable companies over a lookback period, assessments associated
with qualified projects based on assessment on timing of payments and assessment of active megawatt scenarios and the associated probabilities.
The resulting amounts are then discounted to present value through use of a discount rate that considers, among other things, the risk
of the payments, credit risk of the Company, and overall weighted average cost of capital of the acquired business. The resulting calculations
resulted in an estimated fair value of the acquired assets and consideration paid in common stock of approximately million, which
was included as part of the consideration paid in the Soluna Callisto acquisition. As noted in Note 5, Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805-50 provides that assets acquired in an asset acquisition are measured based on the costs of the acquisition,
which is the consideration that the acquirer transfers to the seller and includes direct transaction costs related to the acquisition
in which costs were an additional million including as part of the acquired assets. For assessment on the fair value of the strategic
pipeline for impairment analysis, the Company looks at fair value based on projected construction costs, likely operating margins, timing
of payments, assessment of active megawatts scenarios, and the associated probabilities of completion of future projects, with other
factors noted above. 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price
allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time
as appropriate. 

Providing
computing power to solve complex cryptographic algorithms in support of the Bitcoin blockchain (in a process known as solving
a block is an output of the Company s ordinary activities. The provision of providing such computing power is the only
performance obligation in the Company s contracts with mining pool operators. The transaction consideration the Company receives,
if any, is noncash consideration, which the Company measures at fair value on the date received, which is not materially different than
the fair value at contract inception or the time the Company has earned the award from the pools. The consideration is all variable.
Because it is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur, the consideration is constrained until the
mining pool operator successfully places a block (by being the first to solve an algorithm) and the Company receives confirmation of
the consideration it will receive, at which time revenue is recognized. There is no significant financing component in these transactions. 

Fair
value of the cryptocurrency award received is determined using the quoted price of the related cryptocurrency where the Company is registered
at the time of receipt. The mined cryptocurrency is immediately paid to the Coinbase and Bittrex wallet. Cryptocurrency is converted
to U.S. dollars nearly everyday, as SCI is not in the business of accumulating material amounts of cryptocurrency on its balance sheet. 

Data
center hosting 

The
Company has entered customer hosting contracts whereby the Company provides electrical power and network connectivity to cryptocurrency
mining customers, and the customers pay a stated amount per megawatt-hour MWh ( Contract Capacity ), a fixed
rate, as well as a share of the coins mined. The fee is generally paid monthly in advance. The actual monthly amounts are calculated
after the close of each month and reconciled to the monthly advance based on the clauses contained in the respective contracts. If any
shortfalls due to outages are experienced, service level credits may be made to customers to offset outages which prevented them from
cryptocurrency mining. Monthly advanced payments and customer deposits are reflected as other liabilities. Customer contract security
deposits are made at the time the contract is signed and held until the conclusion of the contract relationship. 

 Deferred
revenue is primarily from advance monthly payments received and revenue is recognized when service is completed. 

Cost
of Cryptocurrency Mining and Data Center Hosting Revenue 

Cost
of cryptocurrency mining and data center hosting revenue includes direct utility costs as well as overhead costs that relate to the operations
of SCI s cryptocurrency mining facility. 

at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Payment
terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 20 days. In instances where
the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant
financing component. The primary purpose of the Company s invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable
ways of purchasing our products and services, not to receive financing from its customers. 

The
Company recognizes an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, if the Company expects the benefit of
those costs to be longer than one year. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has recorded no capitalized costs
to obtain a contract. 

thousand and were outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The balance is currently included within Prepaid and other assets for 
thousand and within the Other Assets-long-term for thousand in the consolidated financial statements. 

million and million in deposits on equipment, that had not yet
been received by the Company as of the year end. Once the Company receives such equipment in the subsequent period, the Company will
reclassify such balance into Property, Plant, and Equipment. 

million of property, plant, and equipment, and there was no impairment for the intangible assets for the year ended December 31,
2022. There was no impairment of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

thousand and .
The balance in restricted cash relates to funds held in an escrow account due to sales of equipment that were executed in fiscal
year 2022, in which the Company can release to the convertible noteholders only if they request their share of funds. If no funds
are distributed to the convertible noteholders from the escrow account by December 31, 2023, the funds may be used for general
purposes for the Company. 

The
Company records deferred tax assets for awards that potentially can result in deductions on the Company s income tax returns based
on the amount of compensation cost that would be recognized upon issuance of the award and the Company s statutory tax rate. All
income tax effects of awards, including excess tax benefits, recognized on stock-based compensation expense are reflected in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations as a component of the provision for income taxes on a prospective basis. 

The
determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s
stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include the Company s
expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free
interest rate, and expected dividends. 

Theoretical
valuation models and market-based methods are evolving and may result in lower or higher fair value estimates for share-based compensation.
The timing, readiness, adoption, general acceptance, reliability, and testing of these methods is uncertain. Sophisticated mathematical
models may require voluminous historical information, modeling expertise, financial analyses, correlation analyses, integrated software
and databases, consulting fees, customization, and testing for adequacy of internal controls. 

For
purposes of estimating the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes model, the Company uses the historical volatility
of its stock for the expected volatility assumption input to the Black-Scholes model, consistent with the accounting guidance. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the risk-free zero-coupon rate for a period consistent with the expected option term at the time of grant.
The expected option term is calculated based on our historical forfeitures and cancellation rates. 

The
fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the market close price per share on the grant date. The Company expenses the compensation
cost of these awards as the restriction period lapses, which is typically a one- to three-year service period to the Company. The shares
represented by restricted stock awards are outstanding at the grant date, and the recipients are entitled to voting rights with respect
to such shares upon issuance. 

Other receivable 

Total 

Included in other receivable as of December 31, 2022, was a related party receivable of thousand with Spring
Lane in relation to Project Dorothy. related party receivable was noted as of December 31, 2021. 

Land improvements 

Buildings 

Leasehold improvements 

Vehicles 

Computers and related software 

Machinery and equipment 

Office furniture and fixtures 

Equipment held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation
expense was approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Repairs and maintenance
expense was thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company incurred a 
million loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the disposal of miners and equipment with a net book value of
approximately 
million in which the Company received proceeds of 
million for year ended December 31, 2022. There were 
such disposals on equipment for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that there were impairment indicators on property, plant and equipment associated
with the S-9 and L3 miners in storage. As a result, a quantitative impairment analysis was required throughout the fiscal year of 2022.
As such, the Company reassessed its estimates and forecasts throughout the fiscal year of 2022, to determine the fair values of the S-9
and L3 miners held in storage. As a result of the analysis, as of year ended December 31, 2022, the Company concluded the carrying amount
of the property, plant and equipment associated with the S-9 and L3 miners exceeded its fair value, which resulted in impairment charges
of million on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In
addition, the Company assessed the active miners in operations and determined there has been a decline in the market value of the
active miners in the Company s operations. As a result, a quantitative impairment analysis was required as of December 31,
2022. As such, the Company reassessed its estimates and forecasts as of December 31, 2022, to determine the undiscounted cash flows
to determine whether the miners would be recoverable. It was determined based on the analysis, that the undiscounted cash flow with
residual value was less than the net book value as of December 31, 2022, confirming the existence of a triggering event, and
therefore required an impairment to be recognized. Based on the fair value of the active miners compared to the net book value, the
Company recorded an impairment charge of approximately 
million to be recognized on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had M20 miners and M21 miners in service at the Sophie location. Of these miners a portion of the
miners were planned to be sold in the near future. The remaining M20 and M21 miners were to be disposed of as they had no value and
were not being used. Prior to year-end, the Company had a business opportunity to sell the non-disposed miners in which received
board of directors approval and therefore all the remaining assets were classified as assets held for sale included within property, plant, equipment on the balance sheet due to a policy election. As a result, a
quantitative impairment analysis was required as of December 31, 2022. The Company was not generating positive cash inflows and
there had been a significant decline in the market value of miners based on the hashrate index. As a result of the fair value
analysis as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment associated with the
M20 and M21 miners exceeded its fair value of 
thousand, which resulted in impairment charges of approximately 
million on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Subsequent to year-end the M20 and M21
miners were sold, in which the Company incurred a loss on sale subsequent to year-end for 
thousand. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has equipment held at vendor including switchgears, transformers, busways and bus plugs. The
Company had discussions with a potential buyer and board of directors approval for sale of the switchgears held at vendor. There has
not been a final sale but there has been activity around interest and potential sales prices. The company has a purchase order
received for the switchgear, subject to inspection of the equipment and final sale. The sale of the equipment held at vendor would
mean the equipment is not being used for its intended purpose. As such, the Company reassessed its estimates and forecasts as of
December 31, 2022, to determine the fair values of the equipment held at vendor. As a result of the fair value analysis as of
December 31, 2022, the Company concluded the carrying amount of the equipment held at vendor exceeded its fair value of 
thousand, which resulted in an impairment charge of 
million on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
February 23, 2023, NYDIG proceeded to foreclose on all of the collateral securing the MEFA, which resulted in a reportable
disposition of all of the Company s mining assets at the site and certain of the operating assets of Project Marie. The total
net book value of the collateralized assets that were repossessed totaled 
million in which were written off the Company s books in the first quarter of 2023, offset the outstanding loan. In addition,
due to the subsequent event of the foreclosure on the collateral assets and ceasing of the Marie operations as discussed in Note 20,
this created an impairment trigger for the Company to reassess the fixed assets for the year-ended December 31, 2022, due to
conditions existing as of December 31, 2022, although the close of operations didn t occur until February of 2023. Due to the
closure of operations for Project Marie, the Company will dispose of approximately 
million worth of leasehold improvements and general electrical upgrades and equipment which were attached to the facility which
could not be salvaged for any value with the operations ceasing, and therefore the Company impaired those assets for the full amount
as of December 31, 2022. Also, the Company will have equipment held for sale due to the closure of the Marie facility in the first
quarter of 2023, in which based on a fair value analysis compared to the Company s net book value of the equipment still held
will have an impairment of approximately 
thousand to be recorded on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, the total impairment for the Marie assets not attached to the collateralized NYDIG assets was
approximately 
million for the year-ended December 31, 2022. 

shares (the
 Merger Shares of the Company s common stock payable upon the achievement of certain milestones within five years
after the effective date in the merger, as set forth in the merger agreement and the schedules thereto (the Merger Consideration ).
See Note 11 for further information regarding our relationship with HEL. 

The
acquisition was accounted for, for purposes of U.S. GAAP, using the asset acquisition method of accounting under the ASC 805-50. We determined
that we acquired in the acquisition a group of similar identifiable assets (primarily, the strategic pipeline contract 
of certain cryptocurrency mining projects), which we classified as an intangible asset for accounting purposes. As a result, our acquisition
of the set of assets and activities constituted an asset acquisition, as opposed to a business acquisition, under ASC 805. ASC 805-50
provides that assets acquired in an asset acquisition are measured based on the costs of the acquisition, which is the consideration
that the acquirer transfers to the seller and includes direct transaction costs related to the acquisition. We included Soluna Callisto s
results of operations in our results of operations beginning on the effective date of the acquisition. 

 Termination
Consideration 

In
connection with the Soluna Callisto acquisition, effective as of October 29, 2021, pursuant to the terms of a termination agreement (the
 Termination Agreement dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among the Company, SCI, and HEL, on November 5, 2021, SCI paid
HEL and SHI issued to HEL shares of our common stock (the Termination Shares ). SCI also reimbursed 
to HEL for transaction-related fees and expenses. SHI included the termination costs as part of asset acquisition per ASC 805-50. Based
on the closing price of SHI common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq on November 5, 2021, SHI valued the aggregate
termination consideration at approximately million. 

Merger
Consideration 

The
fair value of the Merger Consideration included various assumptions, including those related to the allocation of the estimated value
of the maximum number of Merger Shares shares) issuable as Merger Consideration, which issuance is contingent on the achievement
of certain milestones of generating active Megawatts from Qualified Projects in which the Cost Requirement is satisfied within five years
after the effective date of the merger, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and the schedules thereto, as set forth below. The Merger
Consideration and the timing of the payment thereof is subject to the following qualifications and limitations: 

1a) 
 shares for each one MW up to a maximum 150 Active MW. 

i. 
 ; 

ii. 
 to ; 

iii. 
 No
 Merger Shares will be issued to HEL without our prior written consent; 

iv. 
 Issuance
 of the Merger Shares will also be subject to the continued employment with or engagement by SCI or the surviving corporation of (A)
 John Belizaire and (B) at least two of Dipul Patel, Mohammed Larbi Loudiyi, (through ML K Contractor), and Phillip Ng at the
 time that such Merger Shares are earned. If both (A) and (B) cease to be satisfied on or prior to the date that all Merger Shares
 are earned (such date, a Trigger Date ), then Qualified Projects for purposes of determining Merger Shares
 shall only apply to those Qualified Projects that are in the pipeline as of the Trigger Date. For these purposes, if any such individual s
 employment or service relationship with SCI is terminated without cause, as a result of his death or disability, or with good reason
 (as such terms are defined in the employment and consulting agreements), such individual shall be deemed to continue to be employed
 or engaged by SCI for these purposes; 

v. 
 If
 SHI or SCI consummates a Change of Control before the fifth anniversary of the date of the closing of the merger, then we will be
 obligated to issue all of the unissued Merger Shares (subject to (ii) and (iii) above). The Merger Agreement defines Change
 of Control as (A) the sale, exchange, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of us or SCI,
 (B) our failure to continue to own (directly or indirectly) of the outstanding equity securities of SCI and/or the surviving
 corporation, or (C) a merger, consolidation, or other transaction in which the holders of SHI s, SCI s, or the surviving
 corporation s outstanding voting securities immediately prior to such transaction own, immediately after such transaction,
 securities representing less than of the voting power of the corporation or other entity surviving such transaction (excluding
 any such transaction principally for bona fide equity financing purposes, so long as, in the case of SHI or SCI (but not the surviving
 corporation) such transactions, individually and in the aggregate, do not result in a change in membership of such entity s
 board of directors so that the persons who were members of the board of directors immediately prior to the first such transaction
 constitute less than 50 of the board membership at any time after such transaction(s) are consummated). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 a transaction shall not constitute a Change of Control if its sole purpose is to change the state of SHI s or SCI s incorporation
 or to create a holding company that will be owned in the same proportions by the persons who held SHI s or SCI s securities
 immediately prior to such transaction; and 

vi. 
 if
 on any of the fifth anniversary of the effective time of the merger, a facility has not become a
 Qualified Facility and therefore is not taken into consideration in the calculation of Active MW because any of the elements set
 forth in the definition of Qualified Facility as defined in the Merger Agreement have not been met for reasons beyond
 the reasonable control of SCI s management team, but SCI s management team is then actively engaged in the process of
 completing and is diligently pursuing the completion of the missing elements, then (A) the target dates set forth above shall be
 extended for an additional 90 days, and (B) additional extensions of time may be granted by our Board of Directors (the Board in its commercially reasonable discretion, in each case for the purpose of enabling SCI s management team to complete the steps
 needed to qualify the facility as a Qualified Facility. 

The
number of Merger Shares is also subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments in the event of any stock split, stock consolidation,
stock dividend, or similar event involving the shares of our common stock. Based on the assessment performed, the fair value of the merger
consideration as of October 29, 2021 was approximately million. 

Based
on management s evaluation, management concluded that due to the high volatility of its share price, the low probability of not
achieving the MW targets, and the fact the value associated with meeting the performance measures is not intended to drive the number
of shares to be issued, but rather act as a proxy for and driver of share value, the monetary value of the obligation at inception is
predominantly a function of equity shares. As such, the merger consideration will be treated as equity as ASC 480-10-25-14 is not applicable
since the monetary value of the Merger Shares is not (1) fixed, or (2) dependent on (i) variations in something other than the fair value
of the Company s equity shares, or (ii) variations inversely related to changes in the fair value of the Company s equity
shares and is instead exposed to changes in the fair value of the Company s share price, and as such does not represent a liability
under ASC 480. The economic risks and characteristics of the share consideration are clearly and closely related to a residual equity
interest since the underlying (i.e., the incremental shares of common stock delivered upon achievement of each MW target) will participate
in the increase in value of the common equity of the Company, similar to a call option on common stock. Based on guidance in ASC 815-40-25-7
through 25-35, the share consideration is considered to be indexed to the Company s stock and meets the additional criteria for
equity classification. 

Assembled workforce 

Patents 

Total 

Intangible
assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Intangible Assets 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Total 

Strategic pipeline contract 

Assembled workforce 

Patents 

Total 

Amortization
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million. 

The
strategic pipeline contract relates to supply of a critical input to our digital mining business. The Company has analyzed this
strategic pipeline contract similar to a permit for future benefit. The strategic pipeline contract relates to potential renewable
energy data centers that fit in the alignment of the Company structure to expand operations of the Company s new focus in
their business. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Deferred 

Total 

Net operating loss carry forward 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax benefit
 (expense) 

Change in valuation allowance 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Expiration of stock option 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Change in UTP 

Federal tax benefits, R D 

Other deferred Adjustments 

Tax rate 

Deferred
Tax (Liabilities) Assets: 

Net operating loss 

Property, plant and equipment 

Stock options 

Research and development tax credit 

Deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangibles 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax (liabilities) assets 

In
connection with the strategic contract pipeline acquired in the Soluna Callisto acquisition as further discussed in Note 6, ASC 740-10-25-51
requires the recognition of a deferred tax impact of acquiring an asset in a transaction that is not a business combination when the
amount paid exceeds the tax basis on the acquisition date. As such, the Company is required to adjust the value of the strategic contract
pipeline by approximately million and this amount will be amortized over the life of the asset. 

Valuation
Allowance: 

The
Company believes that the accounting estimate for the valuation of deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate because judgment
is required in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns.
The Company based the estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates and, in certain cases, business plans
and other expectations about future outcomes. 

As
a result of its assessment in 2022, the Company increased its valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. The increase in the
valuation allowance caused incremental tax expense of million to be recognized in 2022. The increase of the valuation allowance
was based upon the uncertainty surrounding the Company s projected future taxable income, causing the Company to evaluate what
portion of the Company s deferred tax assets it believes are more likely than not to be realized. The Company has determined that
it will not generate sufficient levels of pre-tax earnings in the future to realize the deferred tax assets relating to net operating
loss carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

million and million, respectively. Activity in the valuation allowance
for deferred tax assets is as follows as of December 31: 

 Schedule of Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 

Valuation allowance, beginning of year 

Net operating (loss) income 

Property, plant and equipment 

Stock options 

Research and development credit 

Accrued expenses 

Valuation allowance, end of year 

Net
operating losses: 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has unused Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. Of these, none
will expire in 2022, million will expire between now and 2035, and the remainder being carried forward indefinitely. 

The
Company s and/or its subsidiaries ability to utilize their net operating loss carryforwards may be significantly limited
by Section 382 of the IRC of 1986, as amended, if the Company or any of its subsidiaries undergoes an ownership change 
as a result of changes in the ownership of the Company s or its subsidiaries outstanding stock pursuant to the exercise
of the warrants or otherwise. 

Unrecognized
tax benefits: 

The
Company has unrecognized tax benefits of and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Additionally,
the Company does not have uncertain tax positions that it expects will increase or decrease within twelve months of this reporting date.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of tax expense. The Company did not recognize
any interest or penalties in 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company files income tax returns, including returns for its subsidiaries, with federal and state jurisdictions. The Company is no longer
subject to IRS or state examinations for any periods prior to 2019, although carryforward attributes that were generated prior to 2019
may still be adjusted upon examination by the IRS if they either have been or will be used in a future period. 

Liability to shareholders for previous acquisition 

Legal, audit, tax and professional fees 

Sales tax accrual 
 - 

Development fees 
 - 

Hosting and utility fees 

Interest payable 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend payable 
 
 - 
 
 Construction fees 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total 

Less: debt discount 

- 

Less: discount from issuance of warrants 

Less: debt issuance costs 

Total convertible notes, net of discount and issuance costs 

On
October 25, 2021, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the October SPA ,
the Company issued to certain accredited investors (the Noteholders (i) secured convertible notes in an aggregate principal
amount of million for an aggregate purchase price of million (collectively, the October Secured Notes ), which
were, subject to certain conditions, convertible at any time by the investors, into an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock, at a price per share of and (ii) Class A, Class B and Class C common stock purchase warrants (collectively, the October
Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock, at an initial exercise price of , and
 per share, respectively. The October Warrants are legally detachable and can be separately exercised immediately for five years upon
issuance, subject to applicable Nasdaq rules. 

The
October Secured Notes, subject to an original issue discount of , had a maturity date (the Maturity Date of October
25, 2022, which was extended to pursuant to the Addendum Amendment (as defined below), upon which date the October Secured
Notes shall be payable in full. Commencing on the Maturity Date and also five (5) days after the occurrence of any Event of Default (as
defined in the October Secured Notes), interest on the October Secured Notes will accrue at an interest rate equal to the lesser of 
per annum or the maximum rate permitted under applicable law. If any Event of Default or a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the
October Secured Notes) or a Change of Control (as defined in the October Secured Notes) occurs, the outstanding principal amount of the
October Secured Notes, liquidated damages and other amounts owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, will become, at
the Noteholder s election, immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount (as defined in the October Secured
Notes). The October Secured Notes may not be prepaid, redeemed or mandatorily converted without the consent of the Noteholders. The obligations
of the Company pursuant to the October Secured Notes are (i) secured to the extent and as provided in the Security Agreement, dated as
of October 25, 2021, by and among the Company, MTI Instruments and SCI, Soluna MC, LLC and Soluna SW, LLC (both of which are wholly owned
subsidiaries of SCI, and together with MTI Instruments and SCI, the Subsidiary Guarantors ), and Collateral Services LLC
(the Collateral Agent ), as collateral agent for the Noteholders; and (ii) guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Subsidiary
Guarantors pursuant to each Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of October 25, 2021, by and among each Subsidiary Guarantor and the Noteholders
signatory to the October SPA, subject to subsequent modifications pursuant to the Addendum, the Addendum Amendment and the NYDIG Transactions. 

On
July 19, 2022, the Company entered into an addendum to the October SPA (the Addendum ), pursuant to which a portion of the
October Secured Notes would be converted and may be redeemed in three tranches, with each tranche of required to be converted
into common stock in each case at the then in effect conversion price of the October Secured Notes, with such price, prior to each conversion,
to be reduced (but not increased) to a discount to the 5-day volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s
common stock. In addition, the Noteholders may require the Company to redeem up to worth of October Secured Notes in connection
with each tranche at a rate of for every owed, less the amount of October Secured Notes converted during such tranche, not
including the required conversion amount if the Noteholders are unable to convert out of such amount of the October Secured Notes in
each tranche. The Company is also required to deposit up to in an escrow account in connection with each tranche to satisfy
any redemptions, except with respect to the first tranche as provided in the Addendum Amendment (as defined below). The Addendum also
provides the right for the Company to pause the commencement of the conversion of the second and third tranches each for 45 days in the
event the Company pursues an equity financing. Pursuant to the Addendum, the exercise price of the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants
and certain other warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock issued to the Noteholders on January 13, 2022, was reduced
from to per share. In addition, the Company agreed to exchange the Class C Warrants for shares of common stock,
which exchanges were completed between July 25, 2022 and August 1, 2022. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company and the Noteholders entered into an agreement further amending the Addendum (the Addendum Amendment ),
which among other matters, extended the Maturity Date of the October Secured Notes by six months to April 25, 2023, and increased the
principal amount of the October Secured Notes by an aggregate of for a total outstanding principal amount of . Also
pursuant to the Addendum Amendment, million previously deposited by the Company and held in escrow pursuant to the Addendum, was
released back to the Company upon signing of the Addendum Amendment; however, on or before October 17, 2022, the Company (i) must deposit
 into escrow as the Third Deposit, (ii) will not be required to make the second deposit of pursuant to the Addendum
and the Addendum Agreement, or redeem the first tranche of October Secured Notes. Additionally, the First Reconcile Date was extended
to October 12, 2022. The Company gave notice to the Noteholders on October 10, 2022 that the Company would be conducting an equity
financing This in turn paused the commencement of (a) the Second Conversion and the Second Reconcile Date, and (b) the Third Conversion
and the Third Reconcile Date, in each case, for forty-five (45) Trading Days, each as defined in the Addendum. This also had the effect
of pausing the Company s requirement to make the Third Deposit of under the October Purchase Agreement as amended by
the Addendum, for 45 Trading Days. The 45 day trading window opened on December 20, 2022 to allow the Noteholders to apply the
20 discount to the 5-day VWAP of the Company s stock. In addition, pursuant to the Addendum
Agreement, the Company issued to the Noteholders (i) shares of the common stock New Shares in exchange for the
Class B warrants, (ii) Class D common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an
exercise price of per share, (iii) Class E common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of
common stock at an exercise price of per share, (iv) Class F common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 
shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, and (v) Class G common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (together, the New Warrants ). The New Warrants
are exercisable immediately and have exercise period of years from the issuance date. 

Pursuant
to the Addendum, between July 21, 2022 to August 3, 2022, the October Secured Notes with an aggregate principal amount of 
converted into shares of common stock, at the conversion price of . Pursuant to the Addendum and Addendum Amendment, the
Company evaluated whether the new addendums qualified as debt modification or debt extinguishment, and based on ASC 470, Debt, the Company
determined the Addendum and Addendum Amendment to fall under Debt Extinguishment and the Company would be required to fair value the
new debt, and in turn write off the existing debt on the books. Based on the Company s assessment, an extinguishment of debt of
approximately million was recorded in July and September of 2022 based on the Addendum and Addendum Amendment, the October Secured
Notes had an aggregate principal amount of approximately million and a fair value of approximately million outstanding after
the debt extinguishment. The fair value of the New Warrants issued to the Noteholders was approximately million and recorded as
part of the loss on extinguishment of debt. The residual fair value of the New Warrants issued to non-lenders was thousand and was
recorded as equity with the offset as debt discount against the residual proceeds, in which thousand has been amortized for the
year ended December 31, 2022. All the original debt issuance costs were written off with the extinguishment of the debt, and with the
Addendum Amendment, the Company had debt issuance costs of approximately thousand in which thousand has been amortized for the
year ended December 31, 2022. As of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had to fair value the outstanding debt, in which it
was determined to be approximately million of a principal outstanding balance of approximately million, in which the change
in valuation compared to September 2022 when the Company had an extinguishment recorded, was recorded as a revaluation gain for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

In
accordance with the most favored nation provision MFN Provision ), following the issuance of the December 2022 Shares and
the December 2022 Warrants, we reduced the conversion price of the October Secured Notes to per share. We held a special meeting
on March 10, 2023 of our stockholders for the purpose of obtaining stockholder approval a reduction in the conversion price of the October
Secured Notes, subject to a conversion price floor of per share, which amount represented the closing price of our Common Stock
on the Nasdaq Stock Market on January 3, 2023, the first trading day of the 2023 fiscal year. 

In connection with the December 2022 Offering, The Company evaluated the warrant exercise price adjustment from the values noted above to noting the total dollar value impact in which the Noteholder Warrant s new fair value, as a result of the exercise price revision, exceeded the previous warrant instrument was approximately thousand, the Company deemed the change in exercise price was in contemplation with the December 2022 offering, as such was recognized as a deferred cost of the offering against the proceeds. 

The events of default stated in the Notice of Acceleration and Repossession defined below with NYDIG Financing constituted a cross-default under the terms of secured convertible notes issued to the Noteholders. In addition to such cross-default, the failure of the Company pursuant to the Addendum dated as of July 19, 2022, to escrow an aggregate amount of for the benefit of the Noteholders by December 21, 2022, constituted an event of default under the Notes . Due to the defaults noted, the Company did not enter into the second and third tranche of conversions. As such, beginning on November 30, 2022, the Company has been accruing interest of per annum on the outstanding principal amount due to the default which amounted to thousand as of December 31, 2022. On March 10, 2023, the Company entered into a Second Addendum Amendment with the Noteholders, in which the Company paid approximately thousand through the Company s restricted escrow accounts and contemporaneously with the payment, the Noteholders waived all existing events of default arising under the convertible notes. 

Promissory
Notes 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company issued to certain institutional lenders (the Lenders promissory notes in an aggregate principal
amount of million for an aggregate purchase price of million (collectively, the First Tranche Notes ). The Notes
were issued as the first tranche of an aggregate financing of million. On March 10, 2022, the Company issued to the lenders a second
tranche of an aggregate principal amount of million (the Second Tranche Notes ). On April 13, 2022, the Company issued
to the Lenders a third tranche of promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of million for an aggregate purchase price
of million (the Third Tranche Notes and, together with the First Tranche Notes and Second Tranche Notes, the Notes along with Class D common stock purchase warrants (collectively, the Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 
shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of per share. The Warrants were immediately exercisable for two years
upon issuance, subject to applicable Nasdaq rules. 

The
exercise of the Warrants is subject to beneficial ownership limitations such that the Lenders may not exercise the Warrants to the extent
that such exercise would result in each of the Lenders being the beneficial owner in excess of of the number of shares of the common
stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise, which beneficial
ownership limitation may be increased or decreased up to upon notice to the Company, provided that any increase in such limitation
will not be effective until 61 days following notice to the Company. 

The
total fair value of the Warrants, as of the issuance date, was million and is recorded as equity with the offset recorded as a
debt discount against the net proceeds. The proceeds of million were allocated between the Promissory Notes and the Warrants,
in which the discount related to the warrants is being amortized based on the straight-line method through the date of Maturity. None
of the Warrants have been exercised and exchanged for the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

On
April 29, 2022, the Company issued in a registered direct offering shares of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock,
par value per share, of the Company (the Series A Preferred Stock to the Lenders, at an offering price of 
per share, the same price as the public offering price of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock in the underwritten public offering
completed concurrently, in full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the outstanding Notes in an aggregate amount of
 million. As of December 31, 2022, the entire principal and interest for the promissory notes had been fully paid and satisfied. 

Loans Payable 
 April 25, 2023 thru January 25, 2027 

Less: principal payments 

Less: debt issuance costs 

- 
 
 Total outstanding debt 

On
December 30, 2021, Soluna MC Borrowing 2021-1 LLC (the Borrower ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered
into a Master Equipment Finance Agreement (the Master Agreement with NYDIG ABL LLC NYDIG as lender, servicer
and collateral agent (the NYDIG facility ). The Master Agreement outlined the framework for a financing up to approximately
 million in aggregate equipment financing. Subsequently, the parties negotiated the specific terms of each equipment financing transaction
as well as the terms upon which the Noteholders would consent to the transactions contemplated by the Master Agreement. 

On
January 14, 2022, the Borrower effected an initial drawdown under the Master Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of approximately
 million that bore interest at and was to be repaid over 24 months. On January 26, 2022, the Borrower had a subsequent drawdown
of million. As part of the transactions contemplated under the Master Agreement, (i) the Company s indirect wholly owned subsidiary,
Soluna MC LLC, formerly EcoChain Block LLC Guarantor ), which is the owner of of the equity interests of Borrower,
executed a Guaranty Agreement in favor of NYDIG, as lender, dated as of December 30, 2021 (the Guaranty Agreement ), (ii)
Borrower has granted a lien on, and security interest in, all of its assets to NYDIG, as collateral agent, (iii) Guarantor entered into
an equipment financing arrangement on assets purchased with the borrowed funds, (iv) Borrower would borrow from NYDIG the loans as forth
in certain loan schedules (the Specified Loans ), and (v) Borrower had executed a Digital Asset Account Control Agreement
(the ACA Wallet Agreement with NYDIG, as collateral agent and secured party, and NYDIG Trust Company LLC, as custodian,
dated as of December 30, 2021, as well as such other agreements related to the foregoing as mutually agreed (collectively, the NYDIG
Transactions ). 

In
connection with the NYDIG Transactions, on January 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Consent and Waiver Agreement, dated as of January
13, 2022 (the Consent ), with the Noteholders, in connection with the October SPA, pursuant to which the Noteholders agreed
to waive any lien on, and security interest in, certain assets , provided various contingencies
are fulfilled, and each Noteholder who acquired October Secured Notes having a principal amount of not less than agreed to
waive its rights under Section 4.17 of the October SPA to participate in Subsequent Financings (as defined in the October SPA) with respect
to the NYDIG Transactions and any additional loans under the MEFA that only finance the purchase of equipment from NYDIG, in order to
consent to the NYDIG Transactions. Pursuant to the Consent, the Noteholders also waived the current requirement of the October SPA and
the other transaction documents (collectively, the SPA Documents that the Borrower become an Additional Debtor (as defined
in the Security Agreement) and execute an Additional Debtor Joinder (as defined in the Security Agreement) for so long as the Specified
Loans were outstanding, and NYDIG would not have entered into a subordination or intercreditor agreement with respect to the Guaranty.
Further, pursuant to the Consent, the Noteholders waived the right to accelerate the Maturity Date of the October Secured Notes and the
right to charge a default rate of interest on such Notes, in each case, with respect to certain changes in names of, and jurisdiction
of incorporation, of the Debtors (as defined in the SPA Documents), which waiver would not waive any other Event of Default (as defined
in any of the SPA Documents), known or unknown, as of the date of Consent. 

Promptly
after the date of the Consent, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock to the Noteholder holding
the largest outstanding principal amount of October Secured Notes as of the date of the Consent. Such warrants were substantially in
form similar to the other warrants held by the Noteholders. Such warrants were exercisable for three years from the date of the Consent
at an exercise price of per share. On December 5, 2022, the exercise price of the warrants were reduced to an exercise price of
 per share, effective with the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement Offering on December 5, 2022. 

The
Company, through the Borrower, was required to make average monthly principal and interest payments to NYDIG of approximately thousand
on initial drawdown in aggregate principal amount of approximately million bearing interest at , and a subsequent drawdown of
 million. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Borrower received a Notice of Acceleration and Repossession (the NYDIG Notice from NYDIG with respect
to the Master Agreement, by and between Borrower and NYDIG. The obligations of Borrower under the Master Agreement and reflected in the
NYDIG Notice are ring-fenced to Borrower and its direct parent company, Soluna MC LLC. The Company is not a party to any guaranty, collateral
agreement or other support agreement with or for the benefit of NYDIG. Borrower has entered into a dialogue with NYDIG to resolve the
matters set forth in the NYDIG Notice. 

The
NYDIG Notice states that (a) Borrower failed to observe or perform certain covenants, conditions or agreements contained in the Master
Agreement and such failure continued unremedied for a period of ten days after Borrower s knowledge of such breach, which resulted
in an event of default under the Master Agreement, and (b) Borrower defaulted under the guaranty, collateral agreement, or other support
agreement, which resulted in an event of default under the Master Agreement. In addition, the NYDIG Notice states that Borrower failed
to pay certain payments of principal and interest under the Master Agreement when due, which failure also constituted an event of default
under the Master Agreement. As a result of the foregoing events of default, and pursuant to the Master Agreement, NYDIG (x) declared
the principal amount of all loans due and owing under the Master Agreement and all accompanying Loan Documents (as defined in the Master
Agreement) to be due and immediately payable, (y) imposed a default rate of interest on any outstanding principal amount of each loan
(together with all then unpaid interest accruing thereon) and all other obligations under the Master Agreement and the Loan Documents,
and (z) demanded the return of all equipment subject to the Master Agreement and the Loan Documents. As such, As
of December 31, 2022, the Borrower had incurred accrued interest and penalty of approximately 
 thousand. On February 23, 2023 NYDIG proceeded
to foreclose on all of the collateral securing the MEFA, and repossessed the collateralized assets that totaled approximately million.
See Note 20 for further discussion on the NYDIG repossession. Additionally, NDYIG has stated its intention to pursue SCI, the parent
company of Guarantor, under a piercing of the corporate veil claim relating to Defendants debts and liabilities under the loan
documents. SCI denies any such liability and has filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against NYDIG in the Eighth Judicial District
Court in Clark County, Nevada on March 16, 2023 seeking a declaratory judgment as to such matter. 

Line
of Credit with KeyBank 

On
September 15, 2021, the Company entered into a million unsecured line of credit with KeyBank National Association KeyBank ),
that will, among other things, allow the Company to request loans and to use the proceeds of such loans for working capital and other
general corporate purposes (the KeyBank facility ). The line of credit bears interest at a rate of Prime + per annum interest rate as of December 31, 2022). Accrued interest is due monthly and principal is due in full following KeyBank s
demand. As of December 31, 2021, the entire line of credit of million was drawn and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, thousand
of outstanding balance has been paid down; therefore thousand of the amount drawn under the line of credit remained outstanding.
The Company has been repaying weekly principal on the KeyBank facility each week since the beginning of September 2022. The Company does
not plan to draw down on the line of credit in the foreseeable future. In addition, future drawdowns may require pre-approval by KeyBank. 

liquidation preference; and the Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock , par value per share, with a stated
value equal to 
 (the Series
B Preferred Stock . As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, there were 
 and 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding, respectively, and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there was 
and shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
July 19, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Series B SPA with an accredited investor
(the Series B Investor pursuant to which the Company sold to the Series B Investor shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, for a purchase price of . shares of common stock, at a price per share of per share, a 20 premium to the closing price of the common stock
on July 18, 2022, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations for the
Series B Preferred Stock Series B Certificate of Designations . 

In
addition, on July 19, 2022, the Company issued to the Series B Investor common stock purchase warrants (the Series B Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share. The Series B Investor
is entitled to exercise the Series B Warrants at any time on or after the date that is 180
days following the issue date and on or prior to January 19, 2028. On the closing date of the next public offering of the common stock
or other securities, the exercise price of the Series B Warrants is to adjust to a price
equal to the lower of (a) the exercise price then in effect, or (b) the price of the warrants issued in the Company s next public
offering, or if no warrants are issued in the Company s next public offering, of the price per share of the common stock issued
in the Company s next public offering. In addition, upon the Series B Closing, the Series B Investor delivered to the Company for
cancellation an outstanding warrant to acquire shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share previously issued
on April 13, 2022, in connection with the Notes. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has one class of common stock, par value per share. Each share of the Company s common stock is entitled to one
vote on all matters submitted to stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were and shares
of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Dividends 

Pursuant
to the Certificate of Designations, (or a duly authorized committee of the Board), will be payable monthly in arrears on the final
day of each month, beginning August 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Board declared and paid the Company
aggregate dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of approximately million and thousand, respectively. The Board
of Directors had not declared any Series A Preferred Stock dividends beginning October 2022 through the date of this report, as such
the Company has accumulated approximately million of dividends in arrears on the Series A Preferred Stock through December 31, 2022. 

The
Company s Series B Preferred Stock includes a accruing dividend compounded daily for 12 months from the original issue date
of July 20, 2022 that may be paid in cash or stock at the Company s option at the earlier of (i) the date the Series B Preferred
Stock is converted, or (ii) the Series B Dividend Termination Date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued thousand for
dividend payable for the Series B preferred stock. 

Reservation
of Shares 

Restricted stock units outstanding 

Warrants outstanding 

Common stock available for future equity awards or issuance of options 

Number of common shares reserved 

Placement
Agent Agreements 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company entered into a placement agent agreement with Univest Securities LLC Univest in which
all of the outstanding warrants held with Univest which were earned through previous equity offerings would be revised to a new
exercise price value of per warrant. 

Additionally, on
December 2, 2022, the Company entered into an additional placement agency agreement with, pursuant to which Univest agreed to serve
as the exclusive placement agent for the Company on a reasonable best-efforts basis in connection with the December Offering.
Pursuant to the additional Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to pay to Univest (i) a fee in shares of Common Stock
equal to 
of the Shares issued and sold in the Offering (excluding any securities that may be issued pursuant to the Options or upon exercise
of the Warrants) (the Placement Agent Shares ), (ii) 
restricted shares of Common Stock in relation to Univest s role in the underwritten offering that closed on October 26, 2022
(the October Shares ), and (iii) an additional fee of warrants to purchase the number of shares of Common
Stock equal to 
of the number of Shares issued and sold in the December Offering (excluding any securities that may be issued pursuant to the
Options or upon exercise of the Warrants) in the form substantially similar as the Warrants (the Placement Agent
Warrants , and together with the Placement Agent Shares and the October Shares, the Placement Agent
Securities ), each such issuance to Univest (and/or its designees) subject to and upon obtaining the appropriate
approval by stockholders required by the applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
approximately thousand in consideration for the Placement Agent Shares as
a deferred cost of the offerings against the proceeds, in which such amounts are charged through equity. Approval by the
shareholders took place during a Special Shareholder meeting on March 10, 2023; therefore the shares and warrants were issued
subsequent to year-end. 

. Effective January 1, 2017, Company matching contributions are vested immediately.
Company matching contributions were thousand, which thousand related to discontinued operations, and thousand, which includes
 thousand related to discontinued operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company may also make additional discretionary contributions
in amounts as determined by management and the Board of Directors. There were additional discretionary contributions by the Company
for the years 2022 or 2021. 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Less: Preferred Dividend 

Balance 

Denominator: 

Basic and Diluted EPS: 

Common shares outstanding, beginning of period 

Weighted average common shares issued during the period 

Denominator for basic earnings per common shares 

Weighted average common shares 

The
Company notes as continuing operations was in a net loss for fiscal year 2022 and 2021, as such basic and diluted EPS is the same balance
as continuing operations acts as the control amount in which would cause antidilution. Not included in the computation of earnings per
share, assuming dilution, for the year ended December 31, 2022, were options to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock, nonvested restricted stock units, outstanding warrants not exercised, and shares of common stock issuable upon
the conversion of a portion of the October Secured Notes pursuant to the Addendum, as discussed in Note 9. These potentially dilutive
items were excluded because the calculation of incremental shares resulted in an anti-dilutive effect. 

Not
included in the computation of earnings per share, assuming dilution, for the year ended December 31, 2021, were options to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock, nonvested restricted stock units, outstanding warrants not exercised,
and shares of convertible notes outstanding. These potentially dilutive items were excluded because the calculation of incremental
shares resulted in an anti-dilutive effect. 

shares of common stock that may be awarded or issued. The number of shares that may be awarded under the 2012 Plan
and awards outstanding may be subject to adjustment on account of any recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, reverse stock
split and other dilutive changes in our common stock. Under the 2012 Plan, the Board of Directors is authorized to issue stock options
(incentive and nonqualified), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards to employees,
officers, directors, consultants and advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

The
2014 Plan was adopted by the Company s Board of Directors on March 12, 2014, and approved by its stockholders on June 11, 2014.
The 2014 Plan provides an initial aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be awarded or issued. The number of shares
that may be awarded under the 2014 Plan and awards outstanding may be subject to adjustment on account of any stock dividend, spin-off,
stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, recapitalization, reclassification, reorganization, combination or exchange of shares, merger,
consolidation, liquidation, business combination, exchange of shares or the like. Under the 2014 Plan, the Board-appointed administrator
of the 2014 Plan is authorized to issue stock options (incentive and nonqualified), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted
stock units, phantom stock, performance awards and other stock-based awards to employees, officers and directors of, and other individuals
providing bona fide services to or for, the Company or any affiliate of the Company. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees
of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

The
Company s 2021 Plan was adopted by the Board on February 12, 2021, and approved by the stockholders on March 25, 2021. The 2021
Plan was amended and restated effective as of October 29, 2021, and May 27, 2022, respectively. The 2021 Plan authorizes the Company
to issue shares of common stock upon the exercise of stock options, the grant of restricted stock awards, and the conversion of restricted
stock units (collectively, the Awards ). The Compensation Committee has full authority, subject to the terms of the 2021
Plan, to interpret the 2021 Plan and establish rules and regulations for the proper administration of the 2021 Plan. Subject to certain
adjustments as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued
under the 2021 Plan (i) pursuant to the exercise of options, (ii) as shares or restricted stock and (iii) in settlement of RSUs shall
be limited to (A) during the Company s fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 (the 2021 Fiscal Year ), Shares,
(B) for the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022, fifteen percent (15 of the number of Shares outstanding on January 3, 2022,
which was the first trading day of 2022, and (C) beginning with the third quarter of the Company s fiscal year ending December
31, 2022 (the 2022 Fiscal Year ), fifteen percent (15 of the number of Shares outstanding as of the first trading day
of each quarter, net of any Shares awarded in the previous quarter(s). Subject to certain adjustments as provided in the 2021 Plan, (i)
shares subject to the 2021 Plan shall include shares reverted back to the Company pursuant the 2021 Plan in a prior year or quarter,
as applicable, as provided herein and (ii) the number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan may never be less than the number
of shares that are then outstanding under (or available to settle existing) Awards. For purposes of determining the number of shares
available under the 2021 Plan, shares withheld by the Company to satisfy applicable tax withholding or exercise price obligations pursuant
to the 2021 Plan shall be deemed issued under this Plan. In the event that, prior to the date on which the 2021 Plan shall terminate,
any Award granted under the 2021 Plan expires unexercised or unvested or is terminated, surrendered, or cancelled without the delivery
of shares of common stock, or any Awards are forfeited back to the Company, then the shares of common stock subject to such Award may
be made available for subsequent Awards under the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted options to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock under
the 2021 Plan, of which all were vested as of December 31, 2022 with an exercise price of 
 per share, based on the closing market price
plus 
 of the Company s common stock on the date
of the grant. Using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, the weighted average fair value of these options was 
 per share and was estimated at the date of grant. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not award shares of restricted common stock under the 2021 Plan. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company awarded restricted stock units under the 2021 Plan, valued at through
 per share based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant, with a weighted average
fair value of per share. shares of common stock shall vest as follows: . shares of common stock shall vest as follows: . The remaining shares of common
stock are performance-based awards that were granted and vested during January 2022 as approved by the Board based on the achievement
of key performance objectives during the prior year. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock under
the 2021 Plan, of which shares immediately vested with an exercise price of per share, based on the closing price plus
10 of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. The remaining shares will vest in equal installments of 33
1/3 on each of the three anniversaries of the date of the grant. The weighted exercise price of these options is per share and
was based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant. Using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing
Model, the weighted average fair value of these options was per share and was estimated at the date of grant. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company awarded shares of restricted common stock under the 2021 Plan, shares
of valued at per share and shares valued at per share based on the closing market price of the Company s
common stock on the date of the award. of the shares will be restricted for one year, with the entire award vesting on the first
anniversary of the award date. For the remaining shares, 33 1/3 of the shares will vest on the first anniversary of the award
date, and the remaining shares shall vest ratably over the succeeding 24-month period, with (1/24) of such remaining shares vesting on
the last day of each calendar month. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company awarded restricted stock units under the 2021 Plan, valued ranging from
 - per share based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. For restricted
stock units, 33 1/3 of such restricted stock units will vest on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of the grant. For
 restricted stock units, 25 of the grant shares shall vest on the first anniversary of the effective time, and the remaining
75 shall vest over the succeeding 36-month period, with (1/36) of such remaining grant shares vest on the last day of the calendar month.
For shares, 25 of such restricted stock units shall vest after six months of the award, and the remaining shares shall vest ratably
over the succeeding 36-month period, with (1/36) of such vesting on the last day of each such calendar month. For shares, they
are performance-based awards that will vest in the following year in January based on approval of the Board of Directors based on achievement
of key performance objectives. 

In
connection with the sale of shares of common stock to Brookstone, the Company entered into an Option Exercise and Stock Transfer Restriction
Agreement (collectively, the Option and Transfer Agreements) with its Chief Executive Officer, its Chief Financial Officer and each of
its non-employee directors (collectively, the Insiders). The Option and Transfer Agreements amend the stock option grant agreements between
the Company and each Insider with respect to an option granted under and modify the terms of any option to purchase common stock held
by each such Insider (collectively, Options) granted under, the Plans. The Option and Transfer Agreements restrict the aggregate amount
of shares of common stock for which the Insiders may exercise Options during calendar years 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019, and provide for
a modified procedure for exercising Options in order to ensure the limit on the aggregate amount of Options that may be exercised in
any such year is not exceeded. Such amendments and modifications also operate to, except with respect to the termination of Options in
connection with an Insider s termination of employment or service in connection with misconduct as described in the Option and
Transfer Agreements, (i) remove all references to an expiration of the exercisability of such Options within a special, delineated time
period following the termination of service to or employment by the Company, and (ii) provide that all vested Options are exercisable
by the Insider until default expiration under the applicable Plan (i.e., ten years from the date of grant). If an Option and Transfer
Agreement is terminated, the limitations on Option exercises described above will terminate, but the exercisability of the Insider s
vested Options until default expiration under the applicable Plan and stock option agreement (i.e., ten years from the date of grant)
will survive indefinitely. 

Stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was generated from stock option and restricted stock awards. Stock
options are awards that allow holders to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a fixed price. Certain options granted
may be fully or partially exercisable immediately, may vest on other than a four-year schedule or vest upon attainment of specific performance
criteria. Restricted stock awards generally vest one to three years after the date of grant, although certain awards may vest immediately
or vest upon attainment of specific performance criteria. Option exercise prices are generally equivalent to the closing market value
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Unexercised options generally terminate ten years after date of grant. 

Volatility 

Unvested forfeiture rate 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Weighted-average fair value per option granted 

No
options were granted under the 2014 Plan and the 2012 Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Share-based
compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, therefore,
awards are reduced for estimated forfeitures. The accounting standard requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised,
if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

General and administrative 

Share-based compensation expense 

Total
unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock options as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is approximately 
million and million, respectively, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of approximately
 years and years, respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired/canceled 

Shares under option, ending 

Options exercisable 

Remaining shares available for granting of options 

The
weighted average exercise price for the Company s stock option activity for the Plans is as follows for each of the years ended
December 31: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Shares under option, beginning 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired/canceled 

Shares under option, ending 

Options exercisable, ending 

6.84 - 11.00 

11.00 - 11.10 

The
aggregate intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between the closing stock price and the price to be paid by the option holder to exercise
the option) is for the Company s outstanding options and for the exercisable options as of December 31, 2022. The amounts
are based on the Company s closing stock price of as of December 31, 2022. 

Non-vested restricted stock granted 

Vested restricted stock 

Non-vested restricted stock exercised 

Non-vested restricted stock forfeited/expired 

Non-vested restricted stock balance, ending December 31 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/ expired 

Restricted stock, ending 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was approximately million and million, respectively of unrecognized compensation cost related
to restricted stock plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining period of years and years, respectively. 

Stock
Warrants: 

Exercised 

Forfeited/ Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

The
following is a summary of common stock warrant activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Number of Warrant 
Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise
 Price ) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/ Expired 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding warrants have a weighted average remaining term of years. 

. Our lease
agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company has no assets recorded under finance leases. 

Short-term lease cost 

Total net lease cost 

Short-term
leases are leases having a term of twelve months or less. The Company recognizes short-term leases on a straight-line basis and does
not record a related lease asset or liability for such leases. 

Non-Cash Activity Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Operating leases: 

ROU assets 

Asset lease expense 

ROU assets, net 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (in years): 

Operating leases 

Weighted Average Discount Rate: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease obligations 

Less: current obligations 

Long-term lease obligations 

Contingencies: 

Spring Lane Capital Contingency 

Legal 

We
are subject to legal proceedings, claims and liabilities which arise in the ordinary course of business. When applicable, we accrue for
losses associated with legal claims when such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. These accruals are adjusted as additional
information becomes available or circumstances change. Legal fees are charged to expense as they are incurred. 

The
Company has been named as a party in the December 19, 2019 United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA Demand Letter
regarding the Malta Rocket Fuel Area Superfund Site (Site) located in Malta and Stillwater, New York in connection with an alleged release
of hazardous materials into the environment. The EPA is seeking reimbursement of response costs from all named parties in the amount
of approximately plus interest in connection with the investigation and disposal activities associated with the various drum
caches discovered at the Site, issuance of the Explanation of Significant Differences ESD of the Site, and implementation
of the work contemplated by the ESD. The Company considers the likelihood of a material adverse outcome to be remote and does not currently
anticipate that any expense or liability it may incur as a result of these matters in the future will be material to the Company s
financial condition. 

NYDIG
filed a complaint against a subsidiary of Company, Soluna MC Borrowing 2021-1, LLC Borrower and Soluna MC, LLC, as
Guarantor Guarantor ), and together with Borrower, Defendants in Marshall Circuit Court of the
Commonwealth of Kentucky on December 29, 2022 regarding a series of loans made by NYDIG to Borrower pursuant to a master equipment
finance agreement that were secured by certain assets of Borrower and guaranteed by Guarantor pursuant to a written guaranty
agreement executed by Guarantor. The Court issued on February 15, 2023 an agreed order granting NYDIG s motion for writ of
possession which, among other things, ordered parties to provide NYDIG access to the collateral described therein and preserved the
rights of NYDIG to pursue a deficiency judgment against the Defendants. Also on February 15, 2023, the Defendants filed their answer
and affirmative defenses in this proceeding. The Defendants believe that NYDIG has liquidated some of the collateral securing the
loans and anticipate that NYDIG will complete the liquidation of collateral and continue to prosecute the complaint to obtain a
judgment against the Defendants. Additionally, NDYIG has stated its intention to pursue SCI, the parent company of Guarantor, under
a piercing of the corporate veil claim relating to Defendants debts and liabilities under the loan documents. SCI denies any
such liability and has filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against NYDIG in the Eighth Judicial District Court in Clark
County, Nevada on March 16, 2023 seeking a declaratory judgment as to such matter. 

thousand to secure the intercompany amounts due to the Company from MeOH Power, Inc. upon the deconsolidation of MeOH Power, Inc.
Interest accrues on the Note at the Prime Rate in effect on the first business day of the month, as published in the Wall Street Journal.
At the Company s option, all or part of the principal and interest due on this Note may be converted to shares of common stock
of MeOH Power, Inc. at a rate of per share. Interest began accruing on January 1, 2014. The Company recorded a full allowance against
the Note. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, thousand and thousand, respectively, of principal and interest are
available to convert into shares of common stock of MeOH Power, Inc. Any adjustments to the allowance are recorded as miscellaneous expense
during the period incurred. 

Legal
Services 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company incurred thousand and thousand, respectively, to Couch White,
LLP for legal services associated with contract review. A partner at Couch White, LLP is an immediate family member of one of our Directors. 

HEL
Transactions 

On
January 8, 2020, the Company formed SCI as a wholly-owned subsidiary to pursue a new business line focused on cryptocurrency and the
blockchain ecosystem. In connection with this new business line, SCI established a facility to mine cryptocurrencies and integrate with
the blockchain network. Pursuant to an Operating and Management Agreement dated January 13, 2020, by and between SCI and HEL, HEL assisted
the Company, and later SCI, in developing, and is now operating, the cryptocurrency mining facility. The Operating and Management Agreement
required, among other things, that HEL provide project sourcing services to SCI, including acquisition negotiations and establishing
an operating model, investments/financing timeline, and a project development path, as well as developmental and operational services,
as directed by SCI, with respect to the applicable cryptocurrency mining facility in exchange for SCI s payment to HEL of a one-time
management fee ranging from to and profit-based success payments in the event that SCI achieved explicit profitability
thresholds. These agreements also provided that once aggregate earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of the
applicable mine exceeded the total amount of funding provided by SCI to HEL (whether pursuant to the applicable agreement or otherwise)
for the purposes of creating, developing, assembling, and constructing the mine, HEL was entitled to ongoing success payments of 20.0 
of the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of the mine. thousand of payments were made for fiscal year
2021, as certain thresholds pursuant to the Operating and Management Agreement were achieved. 

Pursuant
to the Operating and Management Agreement, during the developmental phase of the cryptocurrency mining facility, which ended on March
14, 2020, HEL gathered and analyzed information with respect to SCI s cryptocurrency mining efforts and produced budgets, financial
models, and technical and operational plans, including a detailed business plan, that it delivered to SCI in March 2020 (the Deliverables ),
all of which was designed to assist with the efficient implementation of a cryptocurrency mine. The agreement provided that, following
SCI s acceptance of the Deliverables, which occurred on March 23, 2020, HEL, on behalf of SCI, would commence operations of the
cryptocurrency mine in a manner that would allow SCI to mine and sell cryptocurrency. In that regard, on May 21, 2020, SCI acquired the
intellectual property of GigaWatt, Inc. GigaWatt and certain other property and rights of GigaWatt associated with GigaWatt s
operation of a crypto-mining operation located in Washington State. The acquired assets formed the beginning of SCI s cryptocurrency
mining operation. SCI sells all cryptocurrency it mines for U.S. dollars and is not in the business of accumulating cryptocurrency on
the Company s balance sheet for speculative gains. On October 22, 2020, SCI loaned HEL thousand to acquire additional assets
from the bankruptcy trustee for GigaWatt s assets. On the same day, HEL transferred title of the assets to SCI, which under the
terms thereof paid off the note. 

On
November 19, 2020, SCI and HEL entered into a second Operating and Management Agreement related to a potential location for a cryptocurrency
mine in the southeast United States. In accordance with the terms of the agreement, which are consistent with the first Operating and
Management Agreement noted above, HEL was entitled to ongoing success payments of of the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization of the mine. SCI paid HEL thousand for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 related to the one-time fees. 

On
December 1, 2020, SCI and HEL entered into a third Operating and Management Agreement with respect to a potential location for a cryptocurrency
mine in the Southwestern United States. In accordance with the terms of the agreement, which are consistent with the first Operating
and Management agreement noted above, HEL is entitled to ongoing success payments of of the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization of the mine. SCI did not make any payments in 2021 as this target location did not meet the business requirements to
continue pursuing the potential acquisition, and as a result SCI did not make any further payments to HEL under this agreement. 

On
February 8, 2021, SCI and HEL entered into a fourth Operating and Management Agreement related to a potential location for a cryptocurrency
mine in the Southeast United States. In accordance with the terms of the agreement, which are consistent with the first Operating and
Management agreement noted above, HEL is entitled to ongoing success payments of of the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization of the mine. SCI paid HEL thousand for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 in relation to the one-time fees. 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid thousand in expense reimbursements and other related fees in addition
to the Operating and Management payments. 

Each
Operating and Management Agreement, all of which were terminated effective November 5, 2021, pursuant to the Termination Agreement, among
other things, required that HEL provide project sourcing services to SCI, including acquisition negotiations and establishing an operating
model, investments/financing timeline, and project development path. The Company made one final payment to HEL in the first quarter of
2022 of thousand to settle all final Operating and Management Agreements. 

Simultaneously
with entering into the initial Operating and Management Agreement with HEL, the Company, pursuant to a purchase agreement it entered
into with HEL, made a strategic investment in HEL by purchasing Class A Preferred Shares of HEL for an aggregate purchase price
of thousand on January 13, 2020. After acceptance of the Deliverables, as required by the terms of the purchase agreement, on March
23, 2020, the Company purchased an additional Class A Preferred Shares of HEL for an aggregate purchase price of thousand.
The Company also has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase additional equity securities of HEL and its subsidiaries (including
additional Class A Preferred Shares of HEL) if HEL secured certain levels or types of project financing with respect to its own wind
power generation facilities. Each preferred share may be converted at any time and without payment of additional consideration, into
Common shares. The Company additionally entered into a Side Letter Agreement, dated January 13, 2020, with . The Side Letter Agreement provides for the transfer to the Company, without the payment of any consideration
by the Company, of additional Class A Preferred Shares of HEL in the event HEL issues additional equity below agreed-upon valuation thresholds. 

As
discussed above, on October 29, 2021, we completed the Soluna Callisto acquisition pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The purpose of the
transaction was for SCI to acquire substantially all of the assets (other than those assets physically located in Morocco) formerly held
by HEL, which assets consisted of SCI s existing pipeline of certain cryptocurrency mining projects that HEL previously transferred
to SCI, which was formed expressly for this purpose, and to provide SCI with the opportunity to directly employ or retain the services
of four individuals whose services it had retained through HEL prior to the merger. As a result of the merger, each share of common stock
of Soluna Callisto issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, other than shares owned by the Company
or any of our subsidiaries, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a proportionate share of the Merger Consideration. 

In
connection with the Soluna Callisto acquisition, effective as of October 29, 2021, upon and subject to the terms and conditions of the
Termination Agreement, on November 5, 2021: (1) the existing Operating and Management Agreements between HEL and SCI were terminated
in all respects; and (2)(A) SCI paid HEL , (B) SHI issued to HEL the Termination Shares, and (C) HEL and SHI entered into an
Amended and Restated Contingent Rights Agreement that, among other things, amended the existing Contingent Rights Agreement by and between
HEL and SHI, dated January 13, 2020, to provide SHI the right to invest directly in certain cryptocurrency mining opportunities being
pursued by HEL. SHI filed a registration statement with the SEC to register the resale of the Termination Shares on February 14, 2022. 

Please
see Note 5 for additional information regarding the Soluna Callisto acquisition and related transactions. 

Several
of HEL s equity holders are affiliated with Brookstone Partners, the investment firm that holds an equity interest in the Company
through Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC. The Company s two Brookstone-affiliated directors also serve as directors and,
in one case, as an officer, of HEL and also have ownership interest in HEL. In light of these relationships, the various transactions
by and between the Company and SCI, on the one hand, and HEL, on the other hand, were negotiated on behalf of the Company and SCI via
an independent investment committee of the Board and separate legal representation. The transactions were subsequently unanimously approved
by both the independent investment committee and the full Board. 

Five
of the Company s directors have various affiliations with HEL. 

Michael
Toporek, the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, owns 

In
addition, one of the Company s directors, Matthew E. Lipman, serves as a director and currently acting as President of HEL. Mr.
Lipman does not directly own any equity interest in and . 

John
Belizaire and John Bottomley, who were elected to the Board upon the effective time of SCI s acquisition of Soluna Callisto, serve
as directors of HEL. shares of common stock of HEL and Class
Seed Preferred shares, which are convertible into shares of common stock of HEL. These interests give Mr. Belizaire an ownership
of 10.54 in HEL. Mr. Belizaire also owns an interest in HEL indirectly through his 5.0139 interest of Tera Joule, LLC s 
Class Seed Preferred shares, which are convertible into shares of common stock of HEL. Mr. Bottomley is the beneficial owner
of , or approximately 0.72 , of the outstanding shares of common stock of HEL. 

Finally,
William P. Phelan, Chairman of the Board, served as an observer on HEL s board of directors on behalf of the Company through March
2021. 

The
Company s investment in HEL was initially carried at the cost of investment and was 
thousand. Based on evaluation of projections for the Company s investment in HEL, the Company fully impaired the equity
investment of 
thousand as of December 31, 2022, writing it down to . 

The
Company owned approximately of HEL, calculated on a converted fully-diluted basis, as of December 31, 2022. The Company may enter
into additional transactions with HEL in the future. 

million in cash, net of transaction costs. As of December 31, 2022, our Instrumentation business segment was classified as discontinued
operations in our financial statements for all periods presented. The Company incurred approximately a million pretax gain on sale
of MTI Instruments for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements
of operations report discontinued operations separate from continuing operations. The Company s consolidated statements of equity
and statements of cash flows combine continuing and discontinued operations. 

Cost of sales 

Research and development 

Selling, general, and administrative 

Other income, net 
 - 

Income from discontinued operations before the gain on disposal and income taxes 

Pretax gain on sale of MTI Instruments 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax benefit 

Net income from discontinued operations 

The
following table summarizes information about assets and liabilities from discontinued operations held for sale as of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021: 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets held for sale from discontinued operations: 

Accounts receivable 
 - 

Inventories 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 - 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 - 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 - 

Total Assets held for sale from discontinued operations 
 - 

Liabilities held for sale from discontinued operations: 

Accounts payable 
 - 

Accrued liabilities 
 - 

Operating lease liability 
 - 

Total Liabilities held for sale from discontinued operations 
 - 

million, subject to working capital and certain other adjustments as set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement. The purchase
price did not include specified debt of MTI Instruments, which is the responsibility of the Company. This debt was transferred to the
Purchaser at the date of Sale and is included in the closing balance sheet as shown below, which resulted in a reduction in the consideration
payable to the Company. 

Plus: closing cash 

Less: transaction costs 

Less: closing indebtedness 

Plus: new working capital adjustments 

Adjusted consideration received 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Total liabilities 

Net assets transferred 

Gain on sale 

million to fund certain projects to develop green data centers co-located with renewable energy assets (the Spring Lane
Commitment ). We anticipate that these capital contributions, once deployed into the projects, will help develop up to three
behind-the-meter (BTM) projects designed to convert wasted renewable energy into clean computing services such as Bitcoin mining and
artificial intelligence. The Bilateral Contribution Agreement outlines the framework for the Spring Lane Commitment; however,
neither we nor Spring Lane are obligated to complete any projects under such agreement and any actual capital contributions are
subject to various conditions precedent, including the receipt of requisite lender and other consents, acceptance by Spring Lane of
specific projects and negotiations of agreements regarding those projects, including milestones and structure. In partial
consideration of the amendment to the October Secured Notes discussed above, the investors agreed to release certain collateral
covered by their security agreement to permit the Company to proceed forward with the initial phase of Project Dorothy, which we
expect to be partially funded by Spring Lane, which the Company expects to complete in the near future. 

On
August 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement (the Dorothy Contribution Agreement with Spring
Lane, Soluna DV Devco, LLC Devco ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SCI,
and DVSL an entity formed in order to further the Company s development for the first 25 MW of Project Dorothy, (each, a
 Party and, together, the Parties . 
million to DVSL (the Company Commitment ), and on August 5, 2022, the Company was deemed to have contributed
approximately 8.1 million, through payment of capital expenditures and development costs made on behalf of DVSL by the Company
prior to August 5, 2022. Further under the Agreement, Spring Lane committed to a capital contribution of up to 
million to DVSL (the Spring Lane Dorothy Commitment ), and as of December 31, 2022, Spring Lane contributed
approximately 
million. Under the Dorothy Contribution Agreement, the Company and Spring Lane have committed to make subsequent
contributions, up to their respective Company Commitment and Spring Lane Dorothy Commitment amounts, on a pro rata basis, upon
receipt of a contribution request from DVSL, as set forth in the Dorothy Contribution Agreement and subject to the satisfaction of
certain conditions described therein. The proceeds of any subsequent commitments will be applied to pay project costs in accordance
with the project budget. 

In
exchange for their contributions, the Company and Spring Lane were issued and of the Class B Membership Interests in DVSL,
respectively, and were admitted as Class B members of DVSL. Further pursuant to the Agreement, DVSL issued 100 of its Class A Membership
Interests to Devco. The Dorothy Contribution Agreement contains customary indemnification provisions, liquidation provisions and governance
provisions with respect to DVSL. The Parties also entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of DVSL providing
for the governance of DVSL. 

Soluna
evaluated this legal entity under ASC 810, Consolidations and based on the following factors, determined that DVSL is a variable
interest entity that should be consolidated into Soluna, with a non-controlling interest recorded to account for Spring Lane s
equity ownership of the Company. Soluna has a variable interest in DVSL. The entity was designed by Soluna to create an entity for outside
investors to invest in specific projects. The creation of this entity resulted in Soluna, through its equity interest in DVSL, absorbing
operational risk that the entity was created to create and distribute, resulting in Soluna having a variable interest in DVSL. 

DVSL
is a variable interest entity of Soluna due to DVSL being structured with non-substantive voting rights. This is due to two factors being
met as outlined in ASC 810-10-15-14 that require the Variable Interest Entity model to be followed. 

a. 
 The
 voting rights of Soluna are not proportional to their obligation to absorb the expected losses of the legal entity. Soluna gave Spring
 Lane veto rights over significant decisions, which results in Soluna having fewer voting rights than their obligation to absorb the
 expected losses of the legal entity. 

b. 
 Substantially
 all of DVSL s activities are conducted on behalf of Soluna, who has disproportionally fewer voting rights. 

Also,
Soluna is the primary beneficiary due to having the power to direct the activities of DVSL that most significantly impact the performance
of the Company due to its role as the manager handling the day-to-day activities of DVSL as well as majority ownership of Class B Units
and has the obligation to absorb losses or gains of DVSL that could be significant to Soluna. 

Accordingly,
the accounts of DVSL are consolidated in the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements. 

- 
 
 Other receivable-current 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 
 
 - 

Property, plant, and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 
 
 - 

Current liabilities: 

Due from intercompany 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 - 

Total liabilities 
 
 - 

- 
 
 General and administrative expense 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 
 - 

Subsequent
to year-end, based on a Purchase and Sales agreement defined in Note 20, and for the sum of approximately million, the
Company s ownership in DVSL was reduced from 
to ;
see Footnote 20 for further details. 

and 
of the Company s cryptocurrency mining revenue was generated from Project Edith (data center located in Wenatchee,
Washington), 
and 
from Project Marie, and 
and 
from Project Sophie (data center located in Murray, Kentucky), respectively. 
of the Company s data center hosting revenue was generated from Project Marie from hosting with customers for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company evaluates performance based on profit or loss from operations before income taxes, accounting changes, items management does
not deem relevant to segment performance, and interest income and expense. Inter-segment sales and expenses are not significant. Non-cash
items of depreciation and amortization are included within both costs of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. 

Data hosting revenue 

Total segment and consolidated revenue 

Reportable segment cost of revenue: 

Cost of cryptocurrency mining revenue, inclusive of depreciation 

Cost of data hosting revenue 

Total segment and consolidated cost of revenues 

Reconciling items: 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment on fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment on equity investment 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment and revaluation 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Other income, net 

Income tax (benefit) expense from continuing operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Income before income tax from discontinued operations (including gain on sale of MTI Instruments of for the year ended December 31, 2022) 

Income tax benefit from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net income from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

(Less) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributable to Soluna Holdings, Inc. 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

million . According to NYDIG s analysis of the value of the equipment, NYDIG asserts a recent market value of this
equipment at approximately 
million. 

On February 23, 2023, NYDIG proceeded to foreclose on all of the collateral securing the MEFA, which resulted in
a reportable disposition of all of the Company s mining assets at the site and certain of the operating assets of Project Marie.
 Additionally, NDYIG has stated its intention to pursue SCI,
the parent company of Guarantor, under a piercing of the corporate veil claim relating to Defendants debts and liabilities under
the loan documents. SCI denies any such liability and has filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against NYDIG in the Eighth Judicial
District Court in Clark County, Nevada on March 16, 2023 seeking a declaratory judgment as to such matter. In a related development, also
on February 23, 2023, the Borrower received a notice of termination of the Management and Hosting Services Agreement with CC Metals and
Alloys, LLC. As a result of this action and certain other characteristics of the facility, the Company elected to shut down the Marie
facility. The Company believes it will maximize its profits and return on assets by concentrating its personnel and capital on its Dorothy
Facility. 

With
the notice of termination of the Management and Hosting Services from CCMA, the Company notes that this event triggered the
impairment of the remaining fixed assets at the Marie facility. Based on the closure of operations on Project Marie, the Company
performed an impairment analysis and determined that approximately 
million of equipment and leasehold approvements associated with Project Marie that were not attached with the repossession of NYDIG
collateralized assets were impaired as of year-end. 

Promissory Notes 

The
Company has issued six promissory notes to certain holders totaling an aggregate principal balance of thousand in which were
issued in thousand increments on January 13, 2023, February 3, 2023, and February 10, 2023. Each of the promissory notes accrue
at an interest rate of per annum, and each note matures within nine months subsequent its issuance. On March 24, 2023, the
Company issued to the holders of the promissory notes on January 13, 2023, shares of common stock in satisfaction of the
repayment of thousand in principal plus accrued and unpaid interest and other charges thereon, at the same price per share as
the agreed upon share price conversion rate noted in relation to the December 5, 2022 SPA amendment on February 9, 2023, and
approved during the Special Shareholders Meeting on March 10, 2023. 

Project
Dorothy Definitive Agreements 

On
March 2, 2023, Soluna DV Services, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company ServeCo and an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), entered into a series of agreements with
(a) Briscoe Wind Farm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Briscoe ), (b) Golden Spread Electric Cooperative,
Inc., a Texas cooperative corporation GSEC ), and (c) Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc., a Texas cooperative
corporation LHEC ). All the agreements were effective as of February 24, 2023 (the Effective Date ).
The Company has been developing a modular data center in phases (the Dorothy Facility ). The two phases of the Dorothy
Facility will have a peak demand of 50 megawatts, and if, upon mutual agreement, all four phases are completed, the data center will
have an estimated peak demand of 150 megawatts. The Dorothy Facility will be located next to, and supplied energy from, Briscoe s
150-megawatt wind farm located at or near Briscoe and Floyd Counties, Texas (the Briscoe Wind Farm ). Under the agreements,
LHEC and GSEC will supply the Dorothy Facility with energy from the Briscoe Wind Farm and the Electric Reliability Council of Texas ERCOT market. 

ServeCo
and LHEC entered into an Agreement for Electric Service to Soluna DV Services, LLC (the Retail Agreement for resale
of energy supplied from the Briscoe Wind Farm and the ERCOT market delivered by GSEC for service to the energy load of the Dorothy Facility.
As noted above, GSEC has by separate agreement arranged to purchase power at wholesale from Briscoe or to deliver and purchase power
from the ERCOT market to serve LHEC with electric power and energy for resale to ServeCo for service to the Dorothy Facility. The initial
term of the Retail Agreement is five years, with up to five extension terms of one year each unless terminated by LHEC or ServeCo. 

ServeCo
and Briscoe also entered into a Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement ), pursuant to which Briscoe and
ServeCo agreed to certain rights, obligations, and restrictions with respect to the real property of the Dorothy Facility and the construction,
interconnection, permitting, operation, maintenance, removal, and decommissioning of the Dorothy Facility and applicable credit support.
Soluna DV ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and Soluna DVSL
ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company became parties to the Cooperation
Agreement by each entering into a Joinder Agreement on the Effective Date. Unless terminated sooner in accordance with its terms, the
term of the Cooperation Agreement is from the Effective Date until the expiration or termination of the Power Purchase Agreement, by
and between Briscoe and GSEC, dated as of the Effective Date (the PPA ). 

ServeCo,
Briscoe, LHEC, and GSEC also entered into a Performance and Net Energy Security Agreement (the PSA ), pursuant to
which ServeCo will provide certain credit support to LHEC in connection with its obligations under the Retail Agreement and the other
transaction agreements. The PSA is effective on the Effective Date and will remain in effect for 18 months following the later of the
termination of the Retail Agreement or the termination of the PPA. 

On
the Effective Date, ServeCo and Alice Fay Grabbe Owner entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease to lease certain real property located in Briscoe County, Texas for the Dorothy Facility. Unless terminated sooner in accordance with
its terms, the initial term of the Lease is five years. The initial term of the Lease will automatically extend for five additional one-year
periods, unless terminated by ServeCo or Owner. 

Spring
Lane Contribution and Change in Ownership in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo. 

On March 10, 2023, the Company
along with Soluna DV Devco, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Devco ), and Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (the Project Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase
and Sale Agreement with Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Spring Lane that is wholly owned indirectly by Spring Lane Management LLC. The Project Company is constructing a modular data center with a peak demand
of 25 megawatts (the Dorothy Phase 1A Facility ). 

Under a series of transactions in February 2023 and March 2023, culminating in the March
10, 2023 Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company sold to Spring Lane certain Class B Membership Interests for a purchase price of
 (the
 Sale ). After giving effect to the Sale, the Company owned Class
B Membership Interests (constituting of
the Class B Membership Interests) and Spring Lane owns Class
B Membership Interests (constituting of
the Class B Membership Interests). The cash portion of the purchase price paid by Spring Lane to the Company was ,
which represented the purchase price of less
the Company s pro rata share of certain contributions funded entirely by Spring Lane in the earlier portion of this series of
transactions occurring during February 2023 and March 2023. As a further part of these transactions, the parties agreed that from
Jan. 1, 2023 onwards, Soluna would bear only of
the costs relating to the construction and operation of the Dorothy Phase 1A Facility, compared to its share
until that time, including during the calendar year 2022. 

Concurrently
with the Sale, the Company, Spring Lane, Devco and the Project Company entered into (a) the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability
Company Agreement of the Project Company, dated as of March 10, 2023 (the Fourth A R LLCA ), an amendment and
restatement of the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Project Company dated as of March 3, 2023, and
(b) the Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2023 (the A R Contribution Agreement ),
an amendment and restatement of the Contribution Agreement dated as of August 5, 2022. The Fourth A R LLCA provides for certain updates
in respect of Spring Lane s majority ownership. The A R Contribution Agreement reflects updated pro rata member funding percentages
as a result of the Sale as well as updated contribution caps for each of the Company and Spring Lane. 

F- 45 

<EX-10.64>
 3
 ex10-64.htm

Exhibit
10.64 

PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT 

dated
as of March 10, 2023 

among 

SOLUNA
HOLDINGS, INC. 
as Seller 

and 

SOLUNA
SLC FUND I PROJECTS HOLDCO, LLC 
as Purchaser 

and 

for
purposes of Section 3.3 only 

SOLUNA
DV DEVCO, LLC 

and 

SOLUNA
DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

Purchase
of Membership Interests 
of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I DEFINED TERMS 
 3 

Section
 1.1 
 Definitions 
 3 

Section
 1.2 
 Terms
 Generally 
 5 

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE 
 6 

Section
 2.1 
 Purchase
 and Sale 
 6 

Section
 2.2 
 Purchase
 Price 
 6 

Section
 2.3 
 Conditions
 Precedent 
 6 

ARTICLE
 III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER, DEVCO AND DVSL 
 7 

Section
 3.1 
 LLCA
 Reps 
 7 

Section
 3.2 
 Title
 to Interests 
 7 

Section
 3.3 
 Contribution
 Agreement 
 8 

Section
 3.4 
 Certain
 Tax Matters 
 8 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 
 8 

ARTICLE V INDEMNIFICATION 
 8 

Section
 5.1 
 Indemnification 
 8 

Section
 5.2 
 Tax
 Treatment of Indemnification Payments 
 8 

Section
 5.3 
 Effect
 of Investigation 
 8 

ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS 
 9 

Section
 6.1 
 Notices 
 9 

Section
 6.2 
 Amendments 
 9 

Section
 6.3 
 No
 Waiver by Course of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies 
 9 

Section
 6.4 
 Successors
 and Assigns 
 9 

Section
 6.5 
 Counterparts 
 9 

Section
 6.6 
 Entire
 Agreement 
 9 

Section
 6.7 
 Severability 
 9 

Section
 6.8 
 Governing
 Law 
 10 

Section
 6.9 
 WAIVER
 OF JURY TRIAL 
 10 

Section
 6.10 
 Taxes 
 10 

Section
 6.11 
 Fees
 and Expenses 
 10 

Section
 6.12 
 Phase
 1b Purchase Option 
 10 

i 

PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT 

This
 PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT , dated as of March 10, 2023, is entered into between SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC. , a Nevada corporation
(the Seller ), and SOLUNA SLC FUND I PROJECTS HOLDCO, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the Purchaser ),
and for purposes of Section 3.3 only, Soluna DV Devco, LLC Devco and Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC DVSL ). 

PRELIMINARY
STATEMENTS 

WHEREAS ,
the Seller and the Purchaser, together with Soluna DV Devco, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, are party to that certain Third
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, dated as
of March 3, 2023 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the LLCA ); 

WHEREAS ,
as of February 9, 2023, pursuant to the LLCA, the Seller owned 26,330,434 Class B Membership Interests (as defined in the LLCA), constituting
67.8 of the Class B Membership Interests, and the Purchaser owned 12,500,000 Class B Membership Interests, constituting 32.2 of the
Class B Membership Interests; 

WHEREAS ,
in early 2023, the Parties desired that the Seller sell, and the Purchaser purchase for 7,500,000, membership interests in DVSL such
that after giving effect to such transaction, Seller would own 14.6 of the Class B Membership Interests and Purchaser would own 85.4 
of the Class B Membership Interests (the Proposed SLC Purchase ); 

WHEREAS ,
prior to the Parties consummating the Proposed SLC Purchase, certain project costs of DVSL became due and payable; 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties have agreed in the Contribution Agreement that despite the Proposed SLC Purchase not having been consummated on January 1,
2023, all expenses of DVSL payable from and after January 1, 2023 that are to be funded by capital contributions of the members of DVSL
will be funded by Seller and Purchaser in proportion to their ownership in DVSL as if the Proposed SLC Purchase had been consummated; 

WHEREAS ,
Soluna DV ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Soluna DV is required to fund its share of certain
costs in respect of shared facilities that Soluna DV co-owns with DVSL; 

WHEREAS ,
on February 10, 2023, Purchaser contributed 1,186,676 in exchange for 3,554,068 additional Class B Membership Interests in DVSL (the
 First Advance ), which amount (a) was used by DVSL to fund certain DVSL project costs that would otherwise have been
funded by use of capital contributions from each of Seller and Purchaser in proportion to their ownership had the Proposed SLC Purchase
been consummated on January 1, 2023 (the portion of such capital contributions needed to fund such costs that would have been allocated
to Seller had the Proposed SLC Purchase been consummated on January 1, 2023, the First Advance Seller Obligations ),
and (b) includes (i) an interest-free intercompany loan made by DVSL to Soluna DV to fund certain project costs of Soluna DV (which is
wholly owned by Seller), which loan Seller wishes to repay in full on behalf of Soluna DV (the First Advance Loan Repayment ),
and (ii) certain shared facilities costs required to be reimbursed by Soluna DV (the First Advance Reimbursable Costs ).
The sum of the First Advance Seller Obligations, the First Advance Loan Repayment and First Advance Reimbursable Costs is 859,500 (the
 First Advance Offset ); 

WHEREAS ,
on March 3, 2023, Purchaser contributed 1,500,000 in exchange for 4,126,023 additional Class B Membership Interests in DVSL (the Second
Advance ), which amount (a) was used by DVSL to fund certain DVSL project costs that would otherwise have been funded by use
of capital contributions from each of Seller and Purchaser in proportion to their ownership had the Proposed SLC Purchase been consummated
on January 1, 2023 (the portion of such capital contributions needed to fund such costs that would have been allocated to Seller had
the Proposed SLC Purchase been consummated on January 1, 2023, the Second Advance Seller Obligations ), and (b) includes
an interest-free intercompany loan made by DVSL to Soluna DV to fund certain project costs of Soluna DV, which Seller wishes to repay
in full on behalf of Soluna DV (the Second Advance Loan Repayment ). The sum of the Second Advance Seller Obligations
and Second Advance Loan Repayment is 870,435 (the Second Advance Offset ); 

WHEREAS ,
after giving effect to the First Advance and the Second Advance, the Seller owns 26,330,434 Class B Membership Interests, constituting
56.61 of the Class B Membership Interests, and the Purchaser owns 20,180,091 Class B Membership Interests, constituting 43.39 of the
Class B Membership Interests; 

WHEREAS ,
the Parties desire to consummate the Proposed SLC Purchase; 

WHEREAS ,
in respect of the Proposed SLC Purchase, the Parties desire that the First Advance Offset and Second Advance Offset be offset against
the 7,500,000 purchase price; 

WHEREAS ,
the Seller therefore desires to sell all of its right, title and interest in, to and under 19,539,897 Class B Membership Interests (constituting
42.0 of the total Class B Membership Interests) (the Subject Membership Interests ), and the Purchaser desires to
purchase the Subject Membership Interests from the Seller, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, such that immediately
after giving effect to such purchase, Seller shall own 6,790,537 Class B Membership Interests (constituting 14.6 of the Class B Membership
Interests) and Purchaser shall own 39,791,988 Class B Membership Interests (constituting 85.4 of the Class B Membership Interests); 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows: 

2 

ARTICLE
I DEFINED TERMS 

Section
1.1 Definitions . The following terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth below. Terms used but not defined
in this Agreement shall have the meanings given in the LLCA. 

Agreement 
means this Purchase and Sale Agreement. 

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day that commercial banks in New York, New York are not authorized
or required to be closed. 

CarVal 
means AB Carval Investors, LP, and its affiliates, including without limitation, CVI CD Wind Loan Holdings, LLC. 

Cash
Portion of the Purchase Price means (a) the Purchase Price of 7,500,000, less (b) the sum of (i) the First Advance Offset
of 859,500, and (ii) the Second Advance Offset of 870,435. The Cash Portion of the Purchase Price is equal to 5,770,065. 

Contribution
Agreement means that certain Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2022, by and among the Seller, the Purchaser, Devco
and DVSL. 

Cooperation
Agreement means the Cooperation Agreement to be entered into by Briscoe Wind Farm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Soluna DV ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and
Soluna DV Services, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 

DVSL 
has the meaning given in the Preamble. 

Financing
Deadline has the meaning given in Section 6.12 . 

First
Advance has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

First
Advance Loan Repayment has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

First
Advance Offset has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

First
Advance Reimbursable Costs has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

First
Advance Seller Obligations has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Lien 
means any lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, charge, option, right of first refusal,
right of first offer, easement, covenant, condition, restriction, declaration, servitude, transfer restriction, encumbrance, claims or
other rights or interests of any kind whatsoever. 

3 

Noteholders 
means each purchaser identified on the signature pages to the Note Purchase Agreement, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, and the secured convertible note issued thereunder. 

Note
Purchase Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021 between Seller and the Noteholders. 

Permitted
Equity Encumbrances means (a) those restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities laws, and (b) restrictions imposed
on transfers set forth in the LLCA. 

Person 
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust (including a business or statutory
trust), unincorporated association, sole proprietorship, joint venture, government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) or
other entity. 

Phase
1b Project has the meaning given in Section 6.12 . 

Phase
1b Purchase Option has the meaning given in Section 6.12 . 

Project 
has the meaning given in the LLCA. 

Project
Pro Forma has the meaning set forth in the Contribution Agreement. 

Project
Marie means the 25 MW data center in Kentucky owned by Seller. 

Proposed
SLC Purchase has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Purchase
Price has the meaning specified in Section 2.2 . 

Purchaser 
has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Second
Advance has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Second
Advance Loan Repayment has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Second
Advance Offset has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Second
Advance Seller Obligations has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Seller 
has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Soluna
DV has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Subject
Membership Interests has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

4 

Taxes 
means all forms of taxation or duties in the nature of a tax imposed by a taxing authority or other governmental authority, including
taxes collected through withholding, together with any related interest, penalties or other additional amounts . 

Transfer
Taxes has the meaning specified in Section 6.10(b). 

Section
1.2 Terms Generally . 

(a) The
definitions of terms in this Agreement shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. 

(b) Whenever
the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. 

(c) The
words include , includes and including , when following any general statement, term or matter,
shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . 

(d) The
word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . 

(e) Unless
the context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed
as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject
to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall
be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on such assignments set forth herein),
(iii) the words herein , hereof , hereto , hereunder and this Agreement ,
and words of similar import shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety, including the exhibits and schedules hereto,
and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Schedules, Annexes and Exhibits shall be
construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Schedules, Annexes and Exhibits to, this Agreement, and (v) any reference to any
law or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented and
in effect from time to time. 

(f) In
computing periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including ,
the words to and until each mean to but excluding , and the word through means
 to and including . 

(g) Each
covenant in this Agreement shall be given independent effect, and the fact that any act or omission may be permitted by one covenant
and prohibited or restricted by any other covenant (whether or not dealing with the same or similar events) shall not be construed as
creating any ambiguity, conflict or other basis to consider any matter other than the express terms hereof in determining the meaning
or construction of such covenants and the enforcement thereof in accordance with their respective terms. 

5 

(h) This
Agreement is being entered into by and between competent and sophisticated parties who are experienced in business matters and represented
by legal counsel and other advisors, and has been reviewed by the parties and their legal counsel and other advisors. Therefore, any
ambiguous language in this Agreement will not be construed against any particular party as the drafter of the language. 

(i) Article
and Section headings contained in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof
for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

ARTICLE
II PURCHASE AND SALE 

Section
2.1 Purchase and Sale . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (including, without limitation,
the payment in full of the Purchase Price pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.2 ), the Seller hereby irrevocably sells
and assigns to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby purchases and assumes from the Seller, as of the date hereof, all of Seller s
right, title and interest in, to and under the Subject Membership Interests. 

Section
2.2 Purchase Price . The purchase price for the Subject Membership Interests shall equal 7,500,000 (the Purchase
Price ). The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase Price to the Seller (except as otherwise set forth on Exhibit A on
the date hereof in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Seller in, and in
accordance with, the wire instructions set forth on Exhibit A . 

(a) The
purchase price for the Subject Membership Interests shall equal 7,500,000 (the Purchase Price ). 

(b) The
Purchaser shall pay the Cash Portion of the Purchase Price, which accounts for the First Advance Offset and Second Advance Offset, to
the Seller (except as otherwise set forth on Exhibit A on the date hereof in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the accounts specified by the Seller in, and in accordance with, the wire instructions set forth on Exhibit A . 

Section
2.3 Conditions Precedent . The Purchaser shall pay the Purchase Price in full pursuant to and in accordance with Section
2.2 ; provided, that, the Purchaser shall have received the following, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory
to the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, on or prior to the date hereof: 

(a) Effective
as of the date hereof, the LLCA shall have been amended and restated in the form of the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability
Company Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Restated LLCA ), reflecting, among other things, the
change in ownership percentages as a result of the sale of the Subject Membership Interests contemplated by this Agreement. 

6 

(b) An
executed Second Addendum Amendment, in a form acceptable to Purchaser, by and among the Seller and the purchasers under the Note Purchase
Agreement, a copy of which (including all exhibits and ancillary agreements) has been provided to Purchaser. 

(c) Executed
letters of intent or term sheets between the Seller and hosting counterparties for 20 MW of the Project in accordance with the Project
Pro Forma, copies of which (including all exhibits and ancillary agreements) have been provided to Purchaser. 

(d) A
fully executed Cooperation Agreement or written acknowledgement from CarVal that no material open issues remain with respect to the Cooperation
Agreement, copies of which (including all exhibits and ancillary agreements) have been provided to Purchaser. 

(e) A
legal opinion from Nixon Peabody LLP in respect of the release of the Subject Membership Interests from collateral under the Note Purchase
Agreement. 

(f) Reasonably
satisfactory confirmation that all debt and other obligations incurred by a subsidiary of Seller with respect to Project Marie is non-recourse
debt, which is solely the obligation of the sole project company that owns such project and neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates
(other than such project company) is liable for, or has any other obligation related to, such debt or other obligations. 

(g) John
Belizaire has been formally appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Seller. 

(h) A
fully executed amendment and/or restatement of the Contribution Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C . 

ARTICLE
III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER, DEVCO AND DVSL 

To
induce the Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and to purchase the Subject Membership Interests, the Seller hereby represents and
warrants to the Purchaser the following: 

Section
3.1 LLCA Reps . Each of the representations made by Seller pursuant to Section 3.9(c) of the LLCA is true and correct as of
the date hereof, except to the extent that any such representations specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case such representations
are true and correct as of such earlier date. 

Section
3.2 Title to Interests . The Seller is the record and beneficial owner of the outstanding Subject Membership Interests, and
has good and marketable title to the Subject Membership Interests, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Equity Encumbrances.
The Seller has full right, power and authority to transfer and deliver to the Purchaser valid title to the Subject Membership Interests,
free and clear of all Liens. Immediately following the Closing (as defined below), the Purchaser will be the record and beneficial owner
of the Subject Membership Interests, and have good and marketable title to such Subject Membership Interests, free and clear of all Liens
other than Permitted Equity Encumbrances. Except pursuant to this Agreement, there is no contractual obligation pursuant to which the
Seller has, directly or indirectly, granted any option, warrant or other right to any person or entity to acquire any Subject Membership
Interests or other equity interests in DVSL. 

7 

Section
3.3 Contribution Agreement . Each of the Seller, Devco and DVSL hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser that the representations
and warranties set forth in Sections 6.1 through 6.11 of Article VI and Sections 7.1 through 7.21 of Article VII of the Contribution
Agreement are true, complete and correct as of the date hereof. Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser that the representations
and warranties set forth in paragraphs (a) through (i) of Section 8.2 of the Contribution Agreement are true, complete and correct as
of the date hereof. 

Section
3.4 Certain Tax Matters . Seller agrees to request that DVSL make a valid election under Section 754 of the Code (and under
applicable provisions of state and local law) in accordance with section 7.5(b)(iii) of the LLCA, and such election shall be effective
for the taxable year of DVSL that includes the date of the closing of the transactions contemplated herein (the Closing ). 

ARTICLE
IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 

To
induce the Seller to enter into this Agreement and sell the Subject Membership Interests, the Purchaser hereby represents and warrants
that each of the representations made by the Purchaser pursuant to Section 3.9(c) of the LLCA is true and correct as of the date hereof,
except to the extent that any such representations specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case such representations are true
and correct as of such earlier date. 

ARTICLE
V INDEMNIFICATION 

Section
5.1 Indemnification . Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party, its affiliates, directors, officers
and employees from and against all reasonable and documented claims, judgments, damages, liabilities, settlements, losses, costs and
expenses, including attorneys fees and disbursements, arising from or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the
representations or warranties made by it under this Agreement, or (b) any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement or obligation
to be performed by it pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section
5.2 Tax Treatment of Indemnification Payments . All indemnification payments made by Seller or Purchaser under this
Agreement shall be treated by the parties as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for tax purposes, unless otherwise required by
law. 

8 

Section
5.3 Effect of Investigation . Each party s right to indemnification or other remedy based on the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements contained herein will not be affected by any investigation conducted by the same party with respect to, or any
knowledge acquired by such party at any time, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with, any such representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement. 

ARTICLE
VI MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
6.1 Notices . Section 11.1 of the LLCA is incorporated by reference. 

Section
6.2 Amendments . This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party
hereto. 

Section
6.3 No Waiver by Course of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies . No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective
unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a
waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different
character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power
or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy,
power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive
of any other rights or remedies provided by law. 

Section
6.4 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No assignment shall relieve the assigning party
of any of its obligations hereunder. 

Section
6.5 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by fax or other electronic transmission (i.e. a pdf or tif 
document) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

Section
6.6 Entire Agreement . This Agreement together with the LLCA and Contribution Agreement represent the entire agreement of the
parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 

Section
6.7 Severability . If any provision hereof is found by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, the parties agree that such invalidity or unenforceability will not impair the validity or enforceability of any other
provision hereof. 

9 

Section
6.8 Governing Law . This Agreement and all matters arising out of or in connection herewith shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle that might refer the governance
or construction of this Agreement to the law of another jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of any state or federal court in the State of Delaware with respect to any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any such
Dispute. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any action, suit or proceeding hereunder. 

Section
6.9 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Section
6.10 Taxes . 

(a) Any
and all payments by or on behalf of the Purchaser to the Seller hereunder will be made free and clear of and without deduction for any
and all present or future Taxes, unless otherwise required by applicable law. Purchaser shall provide, to the extent feasible, Seller
with written notice of any deduction and withholding requirement to which Seller is subject no fewer than fifteen (15) Business Days
prior to the date of such payment. To the extent that amounts are so withheld by Purchaser, Purchaser shall remit such withheld amounts
to the applicable governmental authority, provide proof of timely payment to the Seller and such withheld amounts shall be treated for
all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Seller. 

(b) All
sales Taxes, use Taxes, transfer Taxes, filing fees and similar Taxes (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, Taxes measured in whole
or in part by income or gain and withholding Taxes subject to Section 6.10(a)), fees, charges and expenses Transfer Taxes required to be paid in connection with the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be borne and paid equally by the Purchaser
and Seller. Each Party shall use reasonable best efforts to avail itself of any available exemptions from Transfer Taxes, and to cooperate
with the other Party in providing any information and documentation that may be necessary to obtain such exemptions. The obligation to
prepare and file any tax return relating to Transfer Taxes shall be borne by the Party who has that responsibility under applicable law,
provided the other Parties shall provide reasonable assistance with respect thereto. 

Section
6.11 Fees and Expenses . At the Closing, Seller shall reimburse Purchaser or pay directly the reasonable and documented third
party and out-of-pocket fees and costs incurred by Purchaser and its Affiliates. 

Section
6.12 Phase 1b Purchase Option . In the event that Seller has not executed, on or prior to the date that is 45 days after the
date hereof (the Financing Deadline ), an agreement between the Seller or its affiliate and a third-party for a credit
facility, loan, or other financing transaction with a total commitment of 2,000,000 or more to be applied to project costs of the Project
or the adjacent project owned by Soluna DV (the Phase 1b Project ), and delivered copies of such financing documents
(including all exhibits and ancillary agreements) to Purchaser, then Purchaser shall have the right (but not the obligation) to require
Seller to sell 30 of its interests in Soluna DV to Purchaser in exchange for a 2,000,000 payment from Purchaser to Seller (the Phase
1b Purchase Option on substantially the same terms as Purchaser received in connection with their initial investment in DVSL.
In the event that Purchaser elects to exercise the Phase 1b Purchase Option, Purchaser shall deliver, within 30 days after the Financing
Deadline, written notice to Seller of its intent to exercise the Phase 1b Purchase Option, and the parties shall consummate the sale
within 30 days after delivery of such written notice. Seller has provided a true and complete copy of the certificate of formation, operating
agreement and any other governing documents of Soluna DV (collectively, the Soluna DV Documents to Purchaser prior
to the date hereof, and hereby represents, warrants and certifies that such Soluna DV Documents are in full force and effect and have
not been rescinded as of the date hereof, and agrees that such Soluna DV Documents will not be modified or amended without prior written
notice to Purchaser. 

[Remainder
of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow] 

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

SOLUNA
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

as
 Seller 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[signatures
continued on following page] 

SOLUNA SLC FUND I PROJECTS HOLDCO, LLC as Purchaser 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[signatures
continued on following page] 

SOLUNA
 DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SOLUNA
 DV DEVCO, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
A 

Funds
Flow and Use of Proceeds 

Transactions to Close 

Purchase Price: 
 7,500,000 

Less the following amounts deemed
 to have been paid by Purchaser: 

(i) Amount deemed to have been paid by Purchaser on March 3, 2023 on behalf of Seller for capital contribution into DVSL to pay for portion of the Dorothy 1A security deposit: 
 (859,500 1 
 
 (ii) Amount deemed to have been paid by Purchaser on February 10, 2023 on behalf of Seller for capital contribution into DVSL and expenses of Soluna DV: 
 (870,435 2 
 
 Cash Portion of the Purchase Price, which shall be sent to Seller in accordance with the attached wire instructions (see attached): 
 5,770,065 

[1]
 This amount is calculated as Seller s 14.6 share of the capital contribution to DVSL needed for the Dorothy 1A security
deposit in favor of the Briscoe Wind Farm, which amount is 750,000 multiplied times 14.6 , plus Seller s 100.0 share of its direct
obligations for the Dorothy 1B security deposit, which amount is 750,000. The sum of these two amounts is 859,500. 

[2]
 This amount is calculated as Seller s 67.8 share of the capital contribution to DVSL needed to fund certain 2022 Dorothy
1A project costs, plus Seller s 14.6 share of the capital contribution to DVSL needed to fund certain 2023 Dorothy 1A project
costs, plus Seller s 100.0 share of its direct obligations for certain Dorothy 1B project costs. The sum of these three amounts
is 870,435. Documentation regarding the determination of these amounts, including a summary of applicable invoices, has been provided
by Seller to Purchaser. 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-10.65>
 4
 ex10-65.htm

E xhibit
10.65 

FOURTH
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

OF 

Soluna
DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 

D ated
as of March 10, 2023 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 AGREEMENT 
 1 

Section 1.1 
 Definitions 
 1 

Section 1.2 
 Other Definitional Provisions 
 13 

ARTICLE II 
 CONTINUATION; OFFICES; TERM 
 13 

Section 2.1 
 Formation of the Company 
 13 

Section 2.2 
 Name, Office and Registered
 Agent 
 14 

Section 2.3 
 Purpose; No Partnership Intended 
 14 

Section 2.4 
 Term 
 14 

Section 2.5 
 Organizational and Fictitious
 Name Filings; Preservation of Limited Liability 
 14 

Section 2.6 
 Separateness 
 15 

ARTICLE III 
 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF
 THE MEMBERS 
 16 

Section 3.1 
 Members; Membership Interests 
 16 

Section 3.2 
 Actions by the Members 
 17 

Section 3.3 
 Management Rights 
 17 

Section 3.4 
 Other Activities 
 18 

Section 3.5 
 Limitation of Liability of
 Members 
 18 

Section 3.6 
 Company Property 
 19 

Section 3.7 
 Retirement, Resignation, Expulsion,
 Incompetency, Bankruptcy or Dissolution of a Member 
 19 

Section 3.8 
 Withdrawal of Capital 
 19 

Section 3.9 
 Representations and Warranties 
 19 

Section 3.10 
 Affiliate Contracts 
 22 

Section 3.11 
 Fees and Expenses 
 22 

ARTICLE IV 
 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL
 ACCOUNTS 
 22 

Section 4.1 
 Capital Contributions 
 22 

Section 4.2 
 Capital Accounts 
 22 

ARTICLE V 
 ALLOCATIONS 
 24 

Section 5.1 
 Allocations 
 24 

Section 5.2 
 Adjustments to Comply with
 Code 
 24 

Section 5.3 
 Special Allocations 
 25 

Section 5.4 
 Transfer or Change in Membership
 Interest 
 25 

Section 5.5 
 Tax Allocations 
 25 

ARTICLE VI 
 DISTRIBUTIONS; PAYMENTS 
 26 

Section 6.1 
 Distributions 
 26 

Section 6.2 
 Tax Distributions 
 27 

Section 6.3 
 Withholding Taxes 
 27 

Section 6.4 
 Limitation on Distributions 
 28 

i 

Section 6.5 
 No Return of Distributions 
 28 

Section 6.6 
 Calculation of Target Return 
 28 

Section 6.7 
 Use of Proceeds 
 28 

ARTICLE VII 
 ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS 
 29 

Section 7.1 
 Reports; Budget 
 29 

Section 7.2 
 Books and Records and Inspection;
 Right to Audit and Contest 
 30 

Section 7.3 
 Bank Accounts, Notes and Drafts 
 32 

Section 7.4 
 Financial Statements and Other
 Reports 
 32 

Section 7.5 
 Partnership Status and Tax
 Elections 
 33 

Section 7.6 
 Company Tax Returns 
 33 

Section 7.7 
 Tax Matters 
 34 

Section 7.8 
 Cooperation 
 35 

Section 7.9 
 Fiscal Year 
 35 

Section 7.10 
 Member Tax Consistency 
 35 

ARTICLE VIII 
 MANAGEMENT 
 35 

Section 8.1 
 Management of the Company 
 35 

Section 8.2 
 Removal of Manager/Changes
 in Voting 
 37 

Section 8.3 
 Debt 
 37 

Section 8.4 
 Major Decisions 
 37 

Section 8.5 
 Special Class B Members 
 Powers 
 39 

Section 8.6 
 Costs and Expenses; Compensation 
 40 

Section 8.7 
 Indemnification and Exculpation 
 40 

Section 8.8 
 Power of Attorney 
 41 

ARTICLE IX 
 TRANSFERS 
 41 

Section 9.1 
 Prohibited Transfers 
 41 

Section 9.2 
 Conditions Applicable to All
 Transfers 
 41 

Section 9.3 
 Additional Requirements of
 Transfer 
 42 

Section 9.4 
 Transfer Expenses 
 43 

Section 9.5 
 Non-Compliant Transfer 
 43 

Section 9.6 
 Transferee Members 
 43 

Section 9.7 
 Tag-Along 
 44 

Section 9.8 
 Sale of Projects 
 45 

Section 9.9 
 Special Provisions Relating
 to Sales of the Company 
 45 

ARTICLE X 
 DISSOLUTION AND WINDING-UP 
 49 

Section 10.1 
 Events of Dissolution 
 49 

Section 10.2 
 Distribution of Assets 
 50 

Section 10.3 
 In-Kind Distributions 
 50 

Section 10.4 
 Certificate of Cancellation 
 51 

ARTICLE XI 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 51 

Section 11.1 
 Notices 
 51 

Section 11.2 
 Amendment 
 51 

Section 11.3 
 Partition 
 52 

ii 

Section 11.4 
 Waivers and Modifications 
 52 

Section 11.5 
 Severability 
 52 

Section 11.6 
 Successors; No Third-Party
 Beneficiaries 
 52 

Section 11.7 
 Entire Agreement 
 52 

Section 11.8 
 Governing Law 
 52 

Section 11.9 
 Further Assurances 
 53 

Section 11.10 
 Counterparts 
 53 

Section 11.11 
 Dispute Resolution 
 53 

Section 11.12 
 Confidentiality and Publicity 
 54 

Section 11.13 
 Joint Efforts 
 54 

Section 11.14 
 Recourse Only to Party 
 54 

Section 11.15 
 Rule of Interpretation Regarding
 Manager Deliveries 
 54 

Section 11.16 
 Effectiveness 
 54 

Annex 1 
 Members and Membership Interests 
 1 

Schedule 4.2(d) 
 Initial Capital Accounts 
 1 

Exhibit A 
 Form of Class A Membership
 Interest Certificate 
 1 

Exhibit B 
 Form of Assignment and Assumption
 Agreement 
 1 

iii 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

OF 

SOLUNA
DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

This
Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the
 Company ), is dated as of March 10, 2023, by and among the Company, Soluna DV Devco, LLC, a Nevada limited liability
company Developer ), Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation Soluna or Parent ),
and Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Spring Lane ). Each of the Company,
Developer, Spring Lane and Soluna shall be referred to herein as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

RECITALS 

1. The
Company was formed by the filing of a Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on January 26, 2022
(the Certificate of Formation ). 

2. The
Company has been formed to construct, own, operate and maintain one or more variable data centers or crypto-mining centers. 

3. Soluna
Computing, Inc. SCI entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company on July 8, 2022, which was
amended and restated by that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2022, by and among
the Parties, and that certain Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by and
among the Parties and that certain Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2023, by and
among the Parties (the Existing LLCA ). 

4. The
Company, Developer, Soluna and Spring Lane desire to enter into this Agreement to amend and restate the Existing LLCA, and to describe
the respective rights and obligations of Members, and to describe the management of the Company and of the respective project companies. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 AGREEMENT 

Section
1.1 Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below: 

Act 
means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, Delaware Code Ann. 6, Sections 18-101, et seq. and any successor statute, as the same
may be amended from time to time. 

Adjusted
Capital Account shall mean the balance in a Capital Account maintained for a Member as of the end of each fiscal year as adjusted
under Section 5.2 , and further (i) increased by any amounts which such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to any provision
of this Agreement or is treated as being obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c), or is deemed
to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5); and
(ii) decreased by the items described in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6).
The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account is intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)
and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

Adjusted
Capital Account Deficit shall mean, with respect to any Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Member s Adjusted
Capital Account as of the end of the relevant fiscal year. 

Administrative
Services Agreement has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Affiliate 
of a specified Person means any Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with, such specified Person. As used in this definition of Affiliate, the term control of
a specified Person including, with correlative meanings, the terms, controlled by and under common control
with , means (a) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of 50 or more of the equity interest in a Person; or (b) the power
to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise; with respect to a Class B Member, a Class B Affiliate shall constitute an Affiliate. 

Agreement 
means this Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (including all annexes, schedules and exhibits hereto), as
the same may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 

Annual
Budget means, with respect to the Company, a budget in respect of each Fiscal Year, setting forth good faith estimations of
income and expenses, and, if reasonably requested, specifying reasonable reserves, in each case in accordance with Prudent Industry Practice
to the extent applicable or relevant. 

Applicable
Laws means all applicable laws of any Governmental Authority, and any applicable ordinances, judgments, decrees, injunctions,
guidance, writs and orders of like actions of any Governmental Authority and rules and regulations of any federal, regional, state, county,
municipal or other Governmental Authority. 

Applicable
Tax Rate means the combined effective federal, state and local income tax rate applicable to the Members as determined by
the Manager (assuming that all of the Members are individuals paying taxes at the maximum applicable federal income tax rates and a 5 
combined state and local income tax rate). 

Approved
Sale has the meaning established in Section 9.9(c) . 

2 

Asset
Administrator has the meaning in the Contribution Agreement. 

Business
Day has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Calculation
Dispute has the meaning established in Section 11.1(b) . 

Capital
Account has the meaning established in Section 4.2(a) . 

Capital
Commitment means, for any Member, the commitment to contribute capital to the Company as provided herein to the extent, if
any, that the conditions for such contributions have been satisfied or waived, as required. 

Capital
Contribution means, with respect to any Member, the amount of cash and the initial Gross Asset Value of any property contributed
to the Company with respect to the Membership Interests in the Company held by such Member. 

Certificate
of Formation has the meaning established in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Class
A Member means a Member holding one or more Class A Membership Interests. 

Class
A Member Contribution Cap means, with respect to the Class A Member, the Capital Commitment up to an aggregate of US 100,
as provided in the Contribution Agreement. 

Class
A Membership Interests has the meaning established in Section 3.1(b) . 

Class
B Affiliate means a Person that is (i) an investment vehicle managed by a Class B Member or an Affiliate of such Class B Member,
or (ii) an Affiliate of a Class B Member, or (iii) a general partner of a Class B Member, a limited partner of a Class B Member, or an
owner of a Class B Member. 

Class
B Member means a Member holding one or more Class B Membership Interests. 

Class
B Member Contribution Cap means, (i) with respect to Spring Lane, the Capital Commitment of up to such amount equal to (a)
the total aggregate amount of Capital Contributions funded by Spring Lane as of March 10, 2023 plus (b) US 3,000,000, and (ii)
with respect to Soluna, the Capital Commitment of up to such amount equal to (a) the total aggregate amount of Capital Contributions
funded by Soluna as of March 10, 2023 plus (b) US 1,500,000, each as provided in the Contribution Agreement. 

Class
B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle means any Class B Member that is a corporation or entity that has checked the
box to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any corporation or entity that has checked
the box to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes formed by any Class B Member or any Affiliate thereof
that holds, directly or indirectly (including through the Class B Member), Membership Interests of the Company and each of their respective
transferees or Affiliates designated by such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle to be included as a the Class B Member Corporate
Investment Vehicle. 

3 

Class
B Membership Interests has the meaning established in Section 3.1(b) . 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor federal tax statute. 

Company 
has the meaning established in the introductory paragraph. 

Confidential
Information has the meaning established in Section 11.12(a) . 

Consent
of the Members means an affirmative vote of the Requisite Class B Members. 

Contribution
Agreement means that certain Contribution Agreement by and between the Company, Spring Lane, Parent and Developer, dated as
of the Effective Date and as amended from time to time. 

Contribution
Cap means, for each Member, its Class A Member Contribution Cap or Class B Member Contribution Cap as applicable. 

Depreciation 
means for each Fiscal Year or part thereof, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction allowable
for federal income tax purposes with respect to an asset, except that if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs from its adjusted
basis at the beginning of such Fiscal Year, then the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction shall be an amount that
bears the same ratio to such Gross Asset Value as the federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction
for the period bears to the adjusted tax basis. If the asset has a zero adjusted tax basis, then the depreciation, amortization or other
cost recovery deduction shall be determined under a method reasonably selected by the Manager and the Requisite Class B Members. 

Designated
Individual has the meaning established in Section 7.7(a) . 

Developer 
has the meaning established in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Dispute 
has the meaning established in Section 11.11 (a) . 

Disputing
Member has the meaning established in Section 11.11(a) . 

Disqualified
Transferee means any entity that: 

(a) has,
 directly or indirectly, its principal/controlling office in a country that is subject to
 economic/political sanctions imposed by the United States for terrorism, terrorist activity
 financing, arms proliferation (nuclear, chemical, biological or otherwise), export control
 violations, narcotics trafficking, money laundering, and other similar reasons, such that
 the transfer would be unlawful; 

(b) the
 business (or any portion thereof) of which is involved in illegal narcotics, arms or terrorism
 or the export of technology in violation of export control laws; or 

4 

(c) has
 been convicted of a money laundering offense or terrorist activity financing offense. 

Dissolution
Event has the meaning established in Section 10.1 . 

Distributable
Cash means, as of any Distribution Date, all Available Cash Flow (as defined in Section 6.7 less reserves in
respect of expenses of the Company expected to be incurred in the following Quarter not to exceed amounts for such Quarter shown in the
applicable Annual Budget then in effect. 

Distribution
Date means March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next Business
Day). 

Effective
Date means August 5, 2022. 

EPC
Agreement has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Equity
Interests means any shares, membership interests, participations, or other equivalent ownership interest in a Person, including
any and all options, warrants, rights or convertible securities to purchase or other rights to acquire any of the foregoing. 

Estimated
Tax Amount means, for a Fiscal Year (or fiscal period), a Member s Tax Amount for such Fiscal Year (or fiscal period)
as estimated from time to time by the Manager acting in good faith. 

Fair
Market Value with respect to any asset means the price at which the asset would change hands between a willing buyer and a
willing seller, neither being under any compulsion to buy or to sell, and both having reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts and
taking into account the full useful life of the asset and if installed and operating at the time of determination, as installed and operating.
When used in connection with the value of the Company, Fair Market Value shall mean the value of the entire Company as a going concern,
and not the liquidation value of its assets. 

Financing
Documents has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Fiscal
Year has the meaning established in Section 7.9 . 

For
Reason shall mean (i) fraud, deceit, gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Manager in the conduct of its duties the
Company or any Affiliate of the Company, (ii) breach by Manager of any material term of this Agreement, as determined by the Requisite
Class B Members, or (iii) a proceeding is commenced in respect of the Manager or the Parent relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or relief of debtors, or the Manager seeks appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for all or any part
of Manager s or Parent s property, and any such action that is not dismissed or terminated within sixty (60) days of commencement;
provided, however, that in the case of clause (ii), Manager shall have the opportunity to cure such breach within 30 days of the earlier
of (a) receiving written notice from any Member of such breach, and (b) the date on which the Manager was obligated to notify any Member
of the circumstances regarding such breach if the Manager has not delivered such notice on or prior to such date as required under the
Transaction Documents; provided, further, that if such breach cannot be cured within such period, and the Managing Member is proceeding
with diligence to cure such breach, the 30-day cure period shall be extended by an additional 60 days, for a total cure period of 90
days. 

5 

Force
Majeure Event means, solely as to the performance by a Party hereto of its obligations hereunder, any event or circumstance
which wholly or partly prevents or delays such Party in the performance of any material obligation arising under this Agreement, but
only if and to the extent: (a) such event is not within the reasonable control, directly or indirectly, of the Party claiming such Force
Majeure Event; (b) the Party claiming such Force Majeure Event has taken all reasonable precautions and measures in order to prevent
or avoid such event or mitigate the effect of such event on its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and which by
the exercise of due diligence the Party claiming such Force Majeure Event could not reasonably have been expected to avoid and which
by the exercise of due diligence it has been unable to overcome; and (c) such event is not the direct or indirect result of the negligence
or the failure of, or caused by, the Party claiming such Force Majeure Event. 

GAAP 
means (i) generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied;
or (ii) upon agreement of the Parties, internationally recognized generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 

Governmental
Authority has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Gross
Asset Value means, with respect to any asset, the asset s adjusted tax basis for federal income tax purposes, except
as follows: 

(a) the
initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the Fair Market Value of such asset as of the
date of contribution; provided that the initial Gross Asset Values of the assets contributed to the Company pursuant to Section 4.2(d)
 shall be as shown in Schedule 4.2(d) ; 

(b) the
Gross Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective Fair Market Values at the times described in Section
4.2(c) ; 

(c) the
Gross Asset Value of any item of Company assets distributed to any Member shall be adjusted to equal the Fair Market Value of such asset
on the date of distribution; 

(d) the
Gross Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to reflect any adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets pursuant to
Sections 734(b) or 743(b) of the Code, but only to the extent that such adjustments are required to be taken into account in determining
Capital Accounts pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m); provided, however, that Gross Asset Values shall not be
adjusted pursuant to this subsection (d) to the extent that an adjustment pursuant to subsection (b) is made in connection with a transaction
that would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant to this subsection (d); and 

(e) if
the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to subsection (a), (b) or (d) above, such Gross Asset Value
shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such asset for purposes of computing Net Income and
Net Losses. 

6 

Indebtedness 
shall have the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Initial
Reimbursement Amount means Spring Lane s and its Affiliates reasonable and documented third-party out of pocket
legal and professional expenses in connection with the due diligence investigation and evaluation of entering into (i) this Agreement,
including the negotiation, authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement, up to a maximum amount of 50,000; and (ii) the other
Transaction Documents and the Project Documents. 

Internal
Rate of Return or IRR means, with respect to a Member as of the date of determination, the discount rate
which makes (i) the sum of the separate present values of each distribution made to the Member, when discounted to their present values
as of the date of the each Capital Contribution made by such Member at such discount rate equal to (ii) the sum of the separate present
values of each Capital Contribution made to the Company by the applicable Member, when discounted to their present values as of the date
of each applicable Capital Contribution made by such Member to the Company, using the same discount rate. The XIRR function in Microsoft
Excel, U.S. English Version or any other program agreed by the Members shall be used to calculate whether a specified Internal Rate of
Return has been achieved. The Internal Rate of Return with respect to a Member shall be deemed to include any amount paid or received
by any predecessor in interest of a Member. 

IRS 
means the Internal Revenue Service or any successor agency. 

Lien 
has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Major
Decisions has the meaning established in Section 8.4 . 

Manager 
means any Person appointed by the Requisite Class B Members, who shall initially be the Class A Member. The Manager is a manager of the
Company within the meaning of the Act. 

Material
Adverse Effect means, (a) with respect to the Company or Devco, a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect on
the business, operations, Properties, Liabilities or financial condition of such Person; (b) a material adverse change in, or material
adverse effect on (i) with respect to the Company, Devco or the Class A Member, the ability of such Person to perform any of its material
obligations under any Transaction Document, Financing Document or Project Document to which it is a party; or (ii) the validity or enforceability
of any Transaction Document against the Company, Devco or the Class A Member, as applicable, or any Financing Document or Project Document;
except to the extent in subclauses (a) or (b) above, that such change or effect results from an event or condition affecting
the economy generally (provided that such conditions do not affect such Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a disproportionate
manner relative to similarly situated participants in the market or markets in which such Person operates, if any similarly situated
participants then exist). 

7 

Member 
means the Class A Member and the Class B Members or any Person admitted to the Company as a member as provided in this Agreement (each
in the capacity as a member of the Company), but does not include any Person who has ceased to be a member of the Company. 

Membership
Interest means the entire interest of a Member in the Company, including rights to distributions (liquidating or otherwise),
allocations of profits and losses, and to vote, consent or approve or receive information, if any. 

Net
Income or Net Losses shall mean with respect to each fiscal year or other period, an amount equal to
the Company s income or loss for such fiscal year or period determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose,
all items of income, gain, loss, or deduction required to be separately stated pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(i) shall be included in
such taxable income or loss), together with the following adjustments (without duplication): 

(a) any
income of the Company that is exempt from federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Net Income or Net Losses
pursuant to this definition shall be added to such taxable income or loss; 

(b) any
expenditures of the Company described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Treasury
Regulations 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i) and not otherwise taken into account in computing Net Income or Net Losses pursuant to this definition
shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss in the year paid, and shall not be taken into account in any other year; and 

(c) in
the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company property is adjusted pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (d) of the definition of Gross
Asset Value above, the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as a gain or loss on the disposition of such property
for purposes of computing Net Income and Net Loss; 

(d) in
lieu of the depreciation, amortization, and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing such taxable income or taxable
loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such fiscal year or other period, computed in accordance with the definition
of Depreciation herein; 

(e) gain
or loss resulting from any disposition of Company property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes
shall be computed by reference to the property s Gross Asset Value, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such property
may differ from its Gross Asset Value; and 

(f) notwithstanding
any other provision of this definition of Net Income and Net Losses, any items comprising the Company s Net Income or Net Losses
that are allocated pursuant to Section 5.1 shall not be taken into account in computing Net Income or Net Losses. 

The
amount of the items of Company income, gain, loss or deduction available to be specially allocated pursuant to Section 5.3 shall be determined
by applying rules analogous to those set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (f) above. 

Notice 
has the meaning established in Section 11.1 . 

8 

O M
Agreement has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Partnership
Representative has the meaning established in Section 7.7(a) . 

Percentage
Interest means the percentage interest shown for a Member in Schedule 4.2(d) . 

Permit 
has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Permitted
Lien has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement 

Person 
has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

POCo 
has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Prohibited
Class B Entity means any entity listed on Schedule 9.2(i) and their controlling owners. 

Project 
has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Project
Capital Recovery Date means the date on which each of the Class B Members have received from the Company, cash distributions
equal to the Capital Contributions made by each such Class B Member. 

Project
Budget means the budget for the development and construction of the applicable Project as approved by Spring Lane in accordance
with the Contribution Agreement. 

Project
Documents has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Project
Pro Forma has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Prudent
Industry Practices has the meaning established in the Contribution Agreement. 

Project
Opex and Capex Budget means the periodic operating or capital budgets of the Company. 

Project
Schedule means the schedule for the development and construction of the applicable Project as approved by Spring Lane in accordance
with the Contribution Agreement. 

Quarter 
means a fiscal quarter. 

Quarterly
Estimated Tax Amount means, with respect to any quarter of a Fiscal Year, the excess of (i) the product of (A) in
the case of the first quarter of the Fiscal Year, in the case of the second quarter of the Fiscal Year, in the case
of the third quarter of the Fiscal Year, and 1 in the case of the fourth quarter of the Fiscal Year and (B) such Member s Estimated
Tax Amount for such Fiscal Year over (ii) all prior distributions made to such Member for such Fiscal Year (including Quarterly
Estimated Tax Amounts for such Fiscal Year). 

9 

Representatives 
means, with respect to any Person, the managing members, the officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents (including investment
bankers, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, brokers and other advisors) of such Person, to the extent that such officer, director,
employee, representative or agent of such Person is acting in his or her capacity as an officer, director, employee, representative or
agent of such Person. 

Requisite
Class B Members means the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Class B Membership Interests, which majority must
include Spring Lane for so long as Spring Lane holds any Membership Interests; provided , however , that 

(a)
for any matter described in Section 8.1(c)(i) , the Requisite Class B Members shall mean an affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B Membership Interests held by Class B Members other than the Developer, POCo or Soluna,
or their respective Affiliates, or any of their respective transferees or successors, or their respective Affiliates, and, for so long
as Spring Lane or its Affiliates hold any Membership Interests, which majority must include Spring Lane, and 

(b)
for any matter described in Section 8.5 , the Requisite Class B Members shall mean an affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Class B Membership Interests held by Class B Members other than the Developer, POCo or Soluna, or their
respective Affiliates, or any of their respective transferees or successors, or their respective Affiliates, and which majority must
include Spring Lane for so long as Spring Lane or its Affiliates hold any Membership Interests. 

Sale
of the Company shall mean any of the following events: (a) a merger in which the Company is a constituent party, except any
such merger involving the Company in which the Membership Interests outstanding immediately prior to such merger continue to represent,
or are converted into or exchanged for shares of equity interests that represent, immediately following such merger, at least a majority,
by voting power, of the equity interests of (1) the surviving or resulting company or, (2) if the surviving or resulting company is a
wholly owned subsidiary of another company immediately following such merger, the parent company of such surviving or resulting company
and (b) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions,
by the Company of all or substantially all the assets of the Company, directly or indirectly, by the Company, except where such sale,
lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Sale
Proceeds has the meaning established in Section 9.10 . 

Shared
Facilities Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Contribution Agreement. 

Soluna 
has the meaning established in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Spring
Lane has the meaning established in the preamble to this Agreement. 

Subsidiary 
means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity of which such
Person (either alone or through or together with any other Person pursuant to any agreement, arrangement, contract or other commitment)
owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the stock or other equity interests the holders of which are generally entitled
to vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of such corporation or other legal entity. 

10 

Tag-Eligible
Members shall mean all Members other than Developer, POCo or Soluna, or their respective Affiliates, or any of their respective
transferees or successors or their respective Affiliates. 

Target
Achievement Date means the last day of the Quarter (or if such date is not a Business Day, the next Business Day) in which
each Class B Member has achieved its Target Return. 

Target
Return means the amount of cash distributed to the Class B Members that results in the Class B Members achieving a eighteen
percent (18 Internal Rate of Return on the Capital Contributions made by it. 

Tangible
Net Worth means with respect to any entity (i) all shareholders equity in such entity and its subsidiaries, determined
on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (less the value of all assets properly classified as intangible assets under GAAP and
minority interests) or (ii) if such entity is a fund or similar entity, (a) partners capital (including in the form of shareholder
loans to such entity) in such entity (determined in accordance with GAAP, it being understood that the calculation of partners 
capital in such entity is already net of any liabilities of such entity) plus (b) the unfunded/uncalled capital commitments (including
in the form of shareholder loan commitments to such entity) of the partners in such entity determined in accordance with such entity s
limited partnership agreement or equivalent constituent documents, other than the unfunded/uncalled capital commitment (including in
the form of shareholder loan commitments to such entity) of any defaulting partner or any partner whose commitment cannot be called in
respect of the obligations under the Contribution Agreement or any guaranty of those obligations being provided by such entity, less
(c) without duplication, the full amount of unfunded obligations of such entity to or related to investments and other activities of
such entity (including amounts committed to be funded on a conditional or contingent basis). 

Tax 
(and, with correlative meaning, Taxes and Taxable means any taxes, customs, duties, charges,
fees, levies or other assessments imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, including, but not limited to, income,
gross receipts, windfall profit, severance, property, production, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, net worth, employment, occupation,
payroll, withholding, social security, alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, transfer, stamp, or environmental tax, or any other
tax, custom, duty, levy or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign taxing
authority, together with any related interest, penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attributable thereto. 

Tax
Amount means, for a Fiscal Year, the product of (A) the Applicable Tax Rate multiplied by (B) the net taxable income allocated
by the Company to such Member for such Fiscal Year. 

Tax
Distribution means the quarterly distribution to each Member of an amount of cash equal to such Member s Quarterly Estimated
Tax Amount for such quarter of the Fiscal Year. 

Tax
Proceeding has the meaning established in Section 7.7(b) . 

11 

Tax
Return means any return, report or similar statement required to be filed with respect to any Taxes (including any attached
schedules), including an IRS Form K-1 to be issued to Members, any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration
of estimated Tax. 

Termination
Payment means, in the event that an EPC Agreement or O M Agreement is terminated in connection with the Sale of the Company,
an amount equal to (a) the aggregate out-of-pockets costs reasonably incurred to implement such termination and conduct an orderly demobilization
under the applicable agreement, plus (b) all employee termination costs reasonably incurred by the Asset Administrator directly resulting
from such termination, if such Person is an Affiliate of the Class A Member, and, solely with respect to costs incurred in connection
with terminating employees of Asset Administrator or an Affiliate thereof, up to (in the case of subclause (b) above only) an aggregate
per employee amount of one month of the gross cash salary prior to such termination of such terminated employee who is dismissed from
employment by the Asset Administrator as a direct result of such termination and is not reassigned to employment with any Affiliate thereof;
 provided that such Termination Payment (i) shall be without duplication of any termination payment provided for in the applicable
EPC Agreement, O M Agreement or Administrative Services Agreement and (ii) shall not be payable if at the time of such termination,
there is any other basis on which the applicable EPC Agreement, O M Agreement or Administrative Services Agreement is terminable
by the Company in accordance with its terms (other than any provision providing that such agreement may be terminated upon a change in
control). 

Third
Party means any Person who is not a Member or an Affiliate of a Member and that is not the Company. 

Tracking
Account means a tracking account for the Company, showing the actual financial results of the Company, on a cash basis, including
the Distributable Cash therefrom, all distributions of such Distributable Cash hereunder and, until the Target Achievement Date, the
Internal Rate of Return realized as of the date of determination by the Requisite Class B Members. 

Transaction
Documents means collectively and individually, this Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the Shared Facilities Agreement,
the Administrative Services Agreement, and the other documents, instruments, or certificates delivered under this Agreement or the foregoing
agreements or documents. 

Transfer 
(and any corollary use thereof) means, with respect to any Membership Interests, a direct or indirect sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance,
abandonment, disposition, alienation, hypothecation, gift or other transfer, whether voluntary, involuntary, or by operation of law,
of such Membership Interests. 

Treasury
Regulations means regulations issued under the Code. 

UCC 
means the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction. 

Unfunded
Commitment means, as to any Member and as of any date, the excess of such Member s Capital Commitment over such Member s
Capital Contribution as of such date. 

12 

Section
1.2 Other Definitional Provisions . 

(a) As
used in this Agreement and in any certificate or other documents made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, financial and accounting
terms not defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document, and financial and accounting terms partly defined in
this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them
under GAAP. To the extent that the definitions of financial and accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other
document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under GAAP, the definitions contained in this Agreement or in any such certificate
or other document shall control. 

(b) This
Agreement is the result of the joint efforts of the parties hereto, and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation,
negotiation and agreement of the parties and there is to be no construction against either party based on any presumption of that party s
involvement in the drafting hereof. Any reference to any Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and such laws and regulations as amended from time to time, unless the context requires otherwise. Whenever used in this Agreement, except
as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, any noun or pronoun shall be deemed to include the plural as
well as the singular and to cover all genders and the terms include, includes and including 
shall be inclusive and not exclusive and shall be deemed to be followed by the following phrase without limitation. Unless
otherwise specified, the terms hereof, herein, hereunder, herewith and similar
terms refer to this Agreement as a whole (including the schedules and exhibits to this Agreement) and references herein to Sections,
Articles, Schedules or Exhibits refer to the applicable sections, articles, schedules or exhibits of this Agreement; the words or 
and any are not exclusive and shall be interpreted to mean and/or and any and all , respectively.
All references to dollars or are to United States dollars. 

(g) The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms. 

(h) Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means
such agreement, instrument or statute as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and includes (in the
case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. 

(i) Any
references to a Person are also to its successors and permitted assigns. 

ARTICLE
II 

 CONTINUATION;
OFFICES; TERM 

Section
2.1 Formation of the Company . The Members hereby acknowledge the formation of the Company as a limited liability company pursuant
to the Act, the Certificate of Formation and this Agreement. 

13 

Section
2.2 Name, Office and Registered Agent . 

(a) The
name of the Company shall be Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC or such other name or names as may be agreed to by the Members
from time to time. The principal office of the Company shall be 325 Washington Ave. Extension, Albany, NY 12205, 518-218-2550, Attn:
CFO, email: DVnotice@soluna.io. The Manager may at any time change the location of such office to another location; provided that
the Manager gives prompt written notice of any such change to the registered agent of the Company. 

(b) The
registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is located at 1209 Orange Street, County of New Castle, Wilmington, Delaware
19801. The registered agent of the Company for service of process at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. The registered office
and registered agent may be changed by the Manager at any time in accordance with the Act; provided that the Manager gives prompt
written notice of any such change to all Members. The registered agent s primary duty as such is to forward to the Company at its
principal office and place of business any notice that is served on it as registered agent. 

Section
2.3 Purpose; No Partnership Intended . 

(a) The
nature of the business or purpose to be conducted or promoted by the Company is: (i) to engage in the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, Project Documents and Financing Documents; and (ii) to engage in any lawful act or activity, enter into any agreement
and to exercise any powers permitted to limited liability companies formed under the Act that are incidental to or necessary, suitable
or convenient for the accomplishment of the purposes specified above. The Company shall exist for the purposes and business specified
in this Section 2.3(a) . 

(b) This
Agreement shall not be deemed to create a partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Partnership Act, company, joint venture or other
arrangement among the Members with respect to any actions whatsoever other than the purposes and business specified in Section 2.3(a)
 and the activities related thereto provided, that the Members intend that the Company shall constitute a partnership for all tax
purposes. 

Section
2.4 Term . The term of the Company commenced on the date of its formation and shall continue until the Company is dissolved
in accordance with Article X . Except as provided in Article X , the Company shall not be dissolved. 

Section
2.5 Organizational and Fictitious Name Filings; Preservation of Limited Liability . Prior to the Company conducting business
in any jurisdiction other than Delaware, the Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, register the Company as a foreign limited liability
company and file such fictitious or trade names, statements or certificates in such jurisdictions and offices as necessary or appropriate
for the conduct of the Company s business. The Manager shall take any and all other actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate
to perfect and maintain the status of the Company as a limited liability company under the laws of Delaware and any other state or jurisdiction
other than Delaware in which the Company engages in business and continue the Company as a limited liability company and to protect the
limited liability of the Members as contemplated by the Act and as provided herein. 

14 

Section
2.6 Separateness . The Company shall maintain its existence separate and distinct from any other Person, including taking the
following actions: 

(a) maintaining
in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and obtaining
and preserving its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect
the validity and enforceability of this Agreement and each other instrument or agreement necessary or appropriate to properly administer
this Agreement and permit and effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; 

(b) maintaining
its own deposit accounts, separate from those of any other Person; 

(c) conducting
all transactions between the Company and any of its Affiliates on an arm s length basis and on a commercially reasonable basis; 

(d) conducting
its affairs separately from those of any other Person and maintaining accurate and separate books, records and accounts and financial
statements, it being agreed that performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents, Project Documents and Financing Documents
shall not result in the Company contravening this Section 2.6(d) ; 

(e) acting
solely in its own limited liability company name and not that of any other Person, and at all times using its own stationery, invoices
and checks separate from those of any other Person, any of its officers or any of their respective Affiliates; 

(f) maintaining
all of its assets in its own name and not commingling its assets with those of any other Person; 

(g) paying
its own operating expenses and other liabilities out of its own funds; 

(h) observing
all limited liability company formalities, including maintaining meeting minutes or records of meetings and acting on behalf of itself
only pursuant to due authorization, required hereby and by the Certificate of Formation; 

(i) maintaining
adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in light of its contemplated business operations; and 

(j) holding
itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person. 

15 

ARTICLE
III 

 RIGHTS
AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE MEMBERS 

Section
3.1 Members; Membership Interests . 

(a) The
names of the Members, their addresses, contact information and Membership Interests held are listed on Annex I . Annex I 
shall be amended from time to time by the Manager without requiring the consent of any Member to reflect the change in a Member s
name, address or contact information, the withdrawal of any Member, the admission of any additional Member, Transfers of Membership Interests
or the issuance of additional Membership Interests, in each case, pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. The Manager shall upon each amendment to Annex I, provide each Member, on a confidential basis for informational purposes,
with a copy of such amended Annex I. 

(b) The
authorized Membership Interests consist of One Hundred (100) Class A Membership Interests (the Class A Membership Interests and 42,384,502 Class B Membership Interests (the Class B Membership Interests ). 

(c) Issuances
of Membership Interests. 

(i) As
of the Effective Date, 100 Class A Membership Interests were issued to the Developer, 12,500,000 Class B Membership Interests were issued
to Spring Lane, and 26,330,434 Class B Membership Interests were issued to Soluna. 

(ii) On
February 10, 2023, 3,554,068 additional Class B Membership Interests were issued to Spring Lane (such additional issuance of Class B
Membership Interests, the February 2023 Subsequent Issuance in exchange for an additional Capital Contribution
made by Spring Lane in the amount of 1,186,676 paid by Spring Lane as specified in the Contribution Request dated February 10, 2023. 

(iii) On
March 3, 2023, 4,126,023 additional Class B Membership Interests were issued to Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC (such additional
issuance of Class B Membership Interests, the March 2023 Subsequent Issuance in exchange for an additional Capital
Contribution made by Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC in the amount of 1,500,000 paid by Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC
as specified in the Contribution Request dated March 3, 2023. 

(iv) On
March [__], 2023, Soluna sold and transferred to Spring Lane, and Spring Lane purchased and accepted from Soluna, 19,539,897 Class B
Membership Interests for an aggregate purchase price of 5,770,065 in accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Purchase
and Sale Agreement dated as of March [__], 2023 (the 2023 Purchase Agreement ). 

(d) On
the Effective Date, Spring Lane was admitted to the Company as a Class B Member, and Soluna was admitted to the Company as a Class B
Member. 

(e) The
Membership Interests shall (i) have the rights and obligations ascribed to such Membership Interests in this Agreement and the Act; (ii)
be recorded in a register of Membership Interests, which register the Manager shall maintain; and (iii) be transferable only on recordation
of such Transfer in the register of Membership Interest, which recordation the Manager shall make, upon compliance with the provisions
of Article IX . The Members hereby specify, acknowledge and agree that all Membership Interests are securities governed by Article
8 of the UCC, and pursuant to the terms of Section 8-103(c) of the UCC, such interests shall be securities for all
purposes under such Article 8 and under all other provisions of the UCC. All Membership Interests shall be recorded in a register
thereof maintained by the Company and shall be represented by certificates substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
 duly executed by the Manager. 

16 

(f) The
Company shall treat the registered holder of a Membership Interest, as shown in the register of Membership Interests referred to in Section
3.1 of this Agreement as a Member for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(g) Upon
the Transfer by a Member of all of its Membership Interest to another Person pursuant to and in accordance with the terms set forth in
 Article IX , the transferor shall automatically cease to be a Member. 

(h) Subject
to Article IX , no Member will have any right to voluntarily resign or otherwise withdraw from the Company without the prior written
consent of all remaining Members of the Company which consent may be given or withheld in their sole and absolute discretion. 

(i) SCI
forfeited any and all Membership Interests held by it as of the Effective Date, and irrevocably, and unconditionally waived, released
and discharged the Company, and all of its Members and Managers, and their respective present and former Affiliates, on its own behalf
and on behalf of SCI s present and former Affiliates, agents, heirs, legatees, successors and assigns and any other Person that
may assert any Claims (as defined below) by, through or under SCI or any of the forgoing, from any and all past, present and future disputes,
claims, counter-claims, controversies, demands, rights, obligations, liabilities, judgments, damages, accountings, losses, actions and
causes of action of every kind and nature, whether contingent, unknown, undisclosed or otherwise (collectively, Claims by, or incurred by, such party of any kind or nature whatsoever, and in any capacity and under any theory, whether existing or arising
at any time prior to and including the date hereof, in each case, whether arising under the forfeited Membership Interests or otherwise
at Law or in equity, and any events, matters, causes, things, acts, omissions or conduct, occurring or existing at any time up to and
including the date hereof. 

Section
3.2 Actions by the Members . To the extent that any act or matter requires the vote of the Members, and except as may be otherwise
specifically provided herein, such vote shall be by the Consent of the Members. The Manager is hereby authorized by the Members to take
any and all actions on behalf of the Company except for (i) any action that is a Major Decision and (ii) any action which is reserved
to or requires the approval of the Requisite Class B Members under any provision of this Agreement. 

Section
3.3 Management Rights . No Member, in its capacity as such shall have any right, power or authority to take part in the management
or control of the business of, or transact any business for, the Company, to sign for or on behalf of the Company or to bind the Company
in any manner whatsoever. Except in the case of an exercise by the Class B Members of its rights under Section 8.1(c) , the Manager
shall not hold out or represent to any Third Party that any Member, other than the Manager, in its capacity as such, has any such power
or right or that any Member is anything other than a member in the Company. The Parties intend that a Member does not control, is not
controlling, and is not participating in the control of the Company or the business of the Company by virtue of its possessing or exercising
any rights as a Member set forth in this Agreement or the Act or any other agreement relating to the Company. 

17 

Section
3.4 Other Activities . Notwithstanding any duty otherwise existing at law or in equity, and except as provided in this Agreement
or the other Transaction Documents, any Member may engage in or possess an interest in other business ventures of every nature and description,
independently or with others, even if such activities compete directly with the business of the Company, and neither the Company nor
any of the Members will have any rights by virtue of this Agreement in and to such independent ventures or any income, profits or property
derived from them. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.4 , the foregoing shall not be deemed to limit any
requirement to act reasonably or for any such consent or approval to not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, in each case
wherever expressly stated in this Agreement. 

Section
3.5 Limitation of Liability of Members . 

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary and to the fullest extent permitted under Applicable Law, no Member will be liable to the Company, any
Member, the Manager, any transferee or any other equity holder in or creditor of the Company for any action taken by or on behalf of
the Company, except for such actions as constitute gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of such Member. Except as otherwise
required by the Act, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, will be the
debts, obligations and liabilities solely of the Company, and the Members of the Company will not be obligated personally for any of
such debts, obligations or liabilities solely by reason of being a Member or Manager of the Company. No Member shall have any personal
liability for the repayment of the positive balance in the Capital Account of a Member. 

(b) This
Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create or impose any fiduciary duty on any Member in its capacity as a member of the Company.
Furthermore, each of the Members and the Company hereby waives any and all fiduciary duties of a Member in its capacity as a member of
the Company that, absent such waiver, may be implied by Applicable Law, and in doing so, acknowledges and agrees that the duties and
obligation of each Member to each other and to the Company are only as expressly set forth in this Agreement. The provisions of this
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict the duties and liabilities of a Member otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed
by the Members to replace such other duties and liabilities of such Member. To the extent that, at law or in equity, a Member, in its
capacity as a member of the Company, has duties (including fiduciary duties) or liabilities relating thereto to the Company or to any
Member or other Person bound by this Agreement more expansive than those set forth in Section 3.5(a) , such duties and liabilities
are hereby limited to the extent permitted under the Act, including to the fullest extent permitted Section 18-1101 of the Act, to those
set forth in Section 3.5(a) ; provided , that this Section 3.5(b) or Section 3.5(a) will not be construed to
limit obligations or liabilities expressly provided for in this Agreement (including the obligations with respect to Capital Contributions)
or any other Transaction Document. The provisions of this Agreement, including this Section 3.5(b) , to the extent that they limit
the duties and liabilities of a Member otherwise existing at law or in equity, in its capacity as a member of the Company, are agreed
by the Members to replace such other duties and liabilities of such Member. 

18 

(c) Whenever
in this Agreement a Member, in its capacity as a member of the Company or otherwise (other than in its capacity as a Manager), is permitted
or required to make a decision (including a decision that is in such Member s discretion or under a grant of similar
authority or latitude), the Member shall be entitled to consider only such interests and factors as such Member desires, including its
own interests, and shall have no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting the Company or
any other Person. Whenever in this Agreement a Member is permitted or required to make a decision in such Member s good
faith, the Member shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standard imposed by
this Agreement or any other Applicable Law. 

Section
3.6 Company Property . All property owned by the Company, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible and wherever located,
will be deemed to be owned by the Company, and no Member, individually, will have any ownership of such property. 

Section
3.7 Retirement, Resignation, Expulsion, Incompetency, Bankruptcy or Dissolution of a Member . The retirement, resignation, expulsion,
bankruptcy or dissolution of a Member will not, in and of itself, dissolve the Company. The successors in interest to the bankrupt Member
shall, for the purpose of settling the estate, have all of the rights of such Member, including the same rights and subject to the same
limitations that such Member would have had under the provisions of this Agreement to Transfer its Membership Interest. A successor in
interest to a Member will not become a substituted Member except as provided in Article IX of this Agreement. Each of the Parties
to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that it has material ongoing obligations to the other Parties under this Agreement and intends
for this Agreement to be an executory contract under 11 U.S.C. 365. 

Section
3.8 Withdrawal of Capital . No Member will have the right to withdraw capital from the Company or to receive or demand distributions
(except as to distributions to which it is entitled under Article VI or return of its Capital Contributions until the Company
is dissolved in accordance with this Agreement and applicable provisions of the Act. No Member will be entitled to demand or receive
any interest on its Capital Contributions. 

Section
3.9 Representations and Warranties . 

(a) The
Class A Member makes the following representations and warranties to the Company and each other Member as of the Effective Date and as
of the date hereof: 

(i) Organization,
Good Standing, Etc . The Class A Member is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the
law of the jurisdiction of its formation. The Class A Member has the limited liability company power and authority to own, lease and
operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. 

(ii) Authority .
The Class A Member has the limited liability company power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
to perform its obligations under such Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. Each of the Transaction
Documents to which the Class A Member is a party represents a valid and binding obligation of the Class A Member, enforceable against
it in accordance with the terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting
enforcement of creditors rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity. 

19 

(iii) No
Conflicts . The execution and delivery by the Class A Member of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the performance
by the Class A Member of its obligations under such agreements will not (A) violate any constitution or statute, regulation, rule, injunction,
order, decree, ruling, charge or other restriction of any Governmental Authority to which the Class A Member is subject, (B) conflict
with or cause a breach of any provision in the organizational documents of the Class A Member, (C) conflict with, cause a breach of,
constitute a default under, cause the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require
any authorization, consent, waiver or approval under any contract, license, instrument, decree, judgment or other arrangement to which
the Class A Member and/or its Affiliates is a party or under which any of them is bound or to which any of their assets are subject (or
result in the imposition of a security interest or encumbrance upon any such assets), or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization
from, filing or registration with, or notice to any Governmental Authority or Person, unless such requirement has already been satisfied. 

(iv) Absence
of Litigation . The Class A Member is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge and, to
the knowledge of the Class A Member, is not threatened in writing with being made a party to any action, suit, proceeding, hearing or
investigation of, in, or before any Governmental Authority or before any arbitrator that could affect its ability to complete the transactions
contemplated in the Transaction Documents to which it or any Affiliate of the Class A Member is a party or could have a material effect
on the operation of the Company. 

(v) Acknowledgment .
The Class A Member acknowledges that, except with respect to the representations and warranties expressly made by the Class B Members
in the Transaction Documents, none of the Class B Members have made any representation or warranty, whether express or implied under
the Transaction Documents, to the Class A Member. 

(b) The
Manager makes the following additional representations and warranties as to the Company to each other Member as of the Effective Date
and as of the date hereof: 

(i) Organization,
Good Standing, Etc . The Company is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the law of
the jurisdiction of its formation. The Company has the limited liability company power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as now being conducted. 

(ii) Authority .
The Company has the limited liability company power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to
perform its obligations under such Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. Each of the Transaction
Documents to which the Company is a party represents a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance
with the terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting enforcement of
creditors rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity. 

(iii) Taxes .
The Company is a newly formed entity that has not yet filed and has not been required to file any Tax Returns and the Company has not
paid or been required to pay any Taxes. Prior to the Effective Date, the Company was an entity that was disregarded as separate from
its owner for federal income Tax purposes. 

20 

(iv) Tax
Character . No election has been filed with the IRS to treat the Company as a corporation for federal income tax purposes. 

(v) Obligations .
The Company is not a party to any contracts or agreements other than as contemplated herein. It has no debts or other liabilities other
than as contemplated in the Transaction Documents, Project Documents and Financing Documents. 

(vi) Employee
Matters . The Company does not have and has never had any employees and has not maintained, sponsored, administered or participated
in any employee benefit plan or arrangement. 

(c) Each
Class B Member, severally and not jointly, makes the following representations and warranties to the Company and each other Member as
of the Effective Date and as of the date hereof: 

(i) Organization,
Good Standing, Etc . The Class B Member is a limited liability company, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, and it has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as now being conducted. 

(ii) Authority .
The Class B Member has the power and authority to enter into the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to perform its obligations
under such Transaction Documents, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. Each of the Transaction Documents to which
the Class B Member is a party represents a valid and binding obligation of the Class B Member, enforceable against it in accordance with
the terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors 
rights and remedies generally and to general principles of equity. 

(iii) No
Conflicts . The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents to which the Class B Member is a party and the performance
by the Class B Member of its obligations thereunder will not (A) violate any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, order,
decree, ruling or other restriction of any Governmental Authority to which the Class B Member is subject, (B) conflict with or cause
a breach of any provision in the charter, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Class B Member, (C) cause a breach of, constitute
a default under, cause the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require any
authorization, consent, waiver or approval under any contract, license, instrument, decree, judgment or other arrangement to which the
Class B Member is a party or under which it is bound or to which any of its assets are subject (or result in the imposition of a security
interest or encumbrance upon any such assets), or (D) require any consent, approval or authorization from, filing or registration with,
or notice to any Governmental Authority or Person, unless such requirement has already been satisfied. 

21 

(iv) Absence
of Litigation . The Class B Member is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling or charge and, to
the knowledge of the Class B Member, is not threatened in writing with being made a party to any action, suit, proceeding, hearing or
investigation of, in, or before any Governmental Authority or before any arbitrator that could affect its ability to complete the transactions
contemplated in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or could have a material effect on the operation of the Company. 

(v) Acknowledgment .
The Class B Member acknowledges that, except with respect to the representations and warranties expressly made by the Class A Member
in the Transaction Documents, the Project Documents or the Financing Documents, the Class A Member has made no representation or warranty,
whether express or implied under the Transaction Documents, to the Class B Member. 

Section
3.10 Affiliate Contracts . The Company shall enter into the Project Documents to which it is anticipated to be a party, in each
case in accordance with the terms of the Contribution Agreement. 

Section
3.11 Fees and Expenses . For avoidance of doubt, before making any distributions to any party, the Company shall have paid Spring
Lane the Initial Reimbursement Amount, to the extent not previously paid in accordance with Section 10.9 of the Contribution Agreement. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 CAPITAL
CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS 

Section
4.1 Capital Contributions . 

(a) The
initial Capital Contributions of the Members are set forth on Schedule 4.2(d) . 

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions of the Contribution Agreement, each Member shall make Capital Contributions at such time or times and in
such amounts as provided in the Contribution Agreement, up to such Member s aggregate Contribution Cap. The proceeds of such Capital
Contribution shall be applied solely as provided in the Contribution Agreement for purposes of funding Project Costs in accordance with
the Project Budget and Project Schedule or as otherwise established in the Contribution Agreement. No Member shall have the obligation
to make any Capital Contribution hereunder in excess of such Member s Contribution Cap, respectively. 

(c) Except
as may be specifically set forth elsewhere in this Agreement and as provided in Section 2.2 of the Contribution Agreement, no
Member shall be required to make any further Capital Contributions after the Commitment Expiration Date. 

(d) Except
as elsewhere set forth in this Agreement, the Members will have no obligation to make any Capital Contributions other than as described
in this Section 4.1 . 

Section
4.2 Capital Accounts . 

(a) A
capital account (a Capital Account shall be established and maintained for each Member in the manner required by
the Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) of the Code. 

22 

(b) A
Member s Capital Account shall be increased by (i) the amount of cash the Member contributes to the Company, (ii) the net value
of any property the Member contributes to the Company (i.e., the Fair Market Value of the property net of liabilities secured by the
property that the Company is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the Code), (iii) the Member s distributive
share of Net Income or other income and gain allocated in accordance with this Agreement, and (iv) the net amount of any Company liabilities
that are assumed by such Member or that are secured by any Company assets distributed to such Member. A Member s Capital Account
shall be decreased by (i) the amount of cash distributed to the Member by the Company, (ii) the net value of any property distributed
to the Member by the Company (i.e., the Fair Market Value of the property net of liabilities secured by the property that the Member
is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the Code), (iii) the Member s distributive share of Net Loss or
other loss and deduction allocated in accordance with this Agreement, (iv) the net amount of any liabilities of such Member that are
assumed by the Company or that are secured by any property contributed by such Member to the Company (without duplication of any liabilities
taken into account in determining the amount of any increase in a Member s Capital Account), and (v) an amount equal to an allocation
of downward basis adjustment to such Member as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(j), if any. The Members 
Capital Accounts shall be maintained and adjusted as required by the provisions of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) and
1.704-1(b)(4), including adjustments to reflect the allocations to the Members of depreciation, depletion, amortization and gain or loss
as computed for book purposes rather than the allocation of the corresponding items as computed for tax purposes, as required by Treasury
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g). 

(c) The
Gross Asset Value of the Company s property shall be revalued, and the Capital Accounts of the Members shall be reset to reflect
a revaluation as directed by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), immediately prior to the following events: (i) if any
new or existing Member makes more than a de minimis Capital Contribution in exchange for a new or additional Membership Interest, (ii)
if more than a de minimis amount of property is distributed by the Company to a Member to redeem all or any portion of its Membership
Interest, or (iii) if the Company is liquidated within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); provided, however,
that the adjustments pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be made only if the Manager reasonably determines that such adjustments
are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the Members in the Company. 

(d) For
federal income tax purposes, each of the initial Members will be treated as acquiring an interest in a new partnership in exchange for
its initial Capital Contribution on the Effective Date, and with respect to the February 2023 Subsequent Issuance and March 2023 Subsequent
Issuance, Spring Lane will be treated as acquiring an interest in a partnership in exchange for its additional Capital Contribution on
the date hereof. The Company will be an entity disregarded as separate from the Class A Member for federal income tax purposes prior
to the admission of the Class B Members as Members of the Company. 

(e) Following
the Members initial Capital Contributions in accordance with the Contribution Agreement, the Capital Account balance and Percentage
Interest of each Member are as shown in Schedule 4.2(d) . The Manager shall update Schedule 4.2(d) from time to time. Any
such updating will be consistent with the requirements regarding the maintenance of Capital Accounts set forth in this Article IV .
Any reference in this Agreement to Schedule 4.2(d) will be treated as a reference to Schedule 4.2(d) as amended and in
effect from time to time. 

23 

(f) If
all or a portion of a Membership Interest in the Company is Transferred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, then the transferee
shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent of the Membership Interest so Transferred. 

(g) The
Capital Accounts shall be maintained in accordance with Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b) and the provisions regarding Capital
Accounts in this Agreement will be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Treasury Regulation or any successor provision. 

ARTICLE
V 

 ALLOCATIONS 

Section
5.1 Allocations . Subject to Section 5.2 and Section 5.3 , for each Fiscal Year or portion thereof, the Company s
Net Income or Net Losses (and, to the extent necessary, items thereof) shall be allocated among the Members in amounts that, as of the
end of such Fiscal Year or other period, would result in Capital Account balances for each Member, increased by such Member s share
of partnership minimum gain (as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(g)) and such Member s partner nonrecourse
debt minimum gain (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(2)), equal to all amounts required to be distributed pursuant
to Section 10.2(b)(iv) in the priority and manner provided therein on a hypothetical liquidation of the Company. In determining
the amounts distributable to the Members under Section 10.2(b)(iv) upon a hypothetical liquidation, it shall be presumed that
(i) all of the Company s remaining assets are sold at their respective Gross Asset Values, (ii) all Company liabilities are satisfied
(limited with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Gross Asset Value securing that liability), (iii) all Membership Interests
are vested and (iv) the proceeds of such hypothetical sale are applied and distributed in accordance with Section 6.1(a) . 

Section
5.2 Adjustments to Comply with Code . The manner in which Capital Accounts are to be maintained and in which the income, gain,
loss, deductions and credits of the Company are to be allocated pursuant to this Agreement are intended to comply with the requirements
of Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. If, in the opinion of the Company s accountants
and subject to the consent of the Manager and the Requisite Class B Members, modifications are required in the manner in which Capital
Accounts are to be maintained or the manner in which income, gain, deductions or losses, or items included therein, are to be allocated
in order to comply with Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, such modifications shall be made, provided, however, that any change in the manner of maintaining Capital
Accounts or allocating income, gain, deductions or losses, or items included therein, shall not materially alter the economic agreement
between or among the Members as set forth in this Agreement. 

24 

Section
5.3 Special Allocations . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, appropriate adjustments shall be made to the
allocations to the extent required to comply with the provisions of the Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) of the Code relating
to qualified income offset, minimum gain chargeback, minimum gain chargeback with respect to partner nonrecourse debt, allocations of
nonrecourse deductions, allocations with respect to partner nonrecourse debt, limitations on allocations of losses that might cause or
increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, corrective allocations with respect to partnership non-compensatory options, and forfeiture
allocations with respect to substantially nonvested partnership interests, and such provisions are hereby incorporated by reference and
shall be applied to the allocation of profits and losses in the manner provided in the Treasury Regulations. The Manager may, with the
consent of the Requisite Class B Members, adjust the subsequent allocations of Net Income and Net Losses to prevent distortion of the
economic arrangement of a Member, as otherwise described in this Agreement, due to allocations resulting from the preceding sentence.
Nonrecourse deductions (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(1)), tax credits, and other items the allocation
of which cannot have economic effect shall be allocated to the Members in accordance with their Percentage Interest. To the extent permitted
by such Treasury Regulations, the allocations pursuant to this Section 5.3 in such year and subsequent years shall be further
adjusted so that the cumulative effect of all the allocations shall be the same as if all such allocations were made pursuant to the
allocation provisions of this Agreement without regard to this Section 5.3 . 

Section
5.4 Transfer or Change in Membership Interest . If the respective Membership Interests or allocation ratios described in this
 Article V of the existing Members in the Company change or if a Membership Interest is Transferred in compliance with this Agreement
to any other Person, then, for the Fiscal Year or other period in which the change or Transfer occurs, tax items shall be allocated,
as between the Members for the Fiscal Year in which the change occurs or between the transferor and transferee, by taking into account
their varying interests using any method permitted by Section 706 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section
706 of the Code (such as an interim closing of the books or a proration method) as determined by the Manager with the consent of the
Requisite Class B Members. 

Section
5.5 Tax Allocations . 

(a) In
General . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.5 , taxable income and loss and all items thereof shall be allocated
to the Members to the greatest extent practicable in a manner consistent with the manner set forth in Section 5.1 and Sections
704(b) and (c) of the Code. Allocations pursuant to this Section 5.5 are solely for federal income tax purposes and shall not
affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Member s Capital Account or share of Net Income, Net Losses, other
items or distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement. 

(b) Section
704(c) of the Code . In accordance with Section 704(c) of the Code, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to any property
contributed to the capital of the Company shall, solely for income tax purposes, be allocated among the Members so as to take account
of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Company for federal income tax purposes and its initial Gross Asset
Value. 

(c) Adjustments
under Section 704(c) of the Code . In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to paragraph (b) of
the definition of Gross Asset Value , subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to
such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted tax basis of such asset and its Gross Asset Value in the same manner
as under Section 704(c) of the Code. 

25 

(d) Decisions
Relating to Section 704(c) of the Code . Any elections or other decisions relating to allocations under this Section 5.5 , including
the selection of any allocation method permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-3, shall be made by the Manager with the consent
of the Requisite Class B Members. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 DISTRIBUTIONS;
PAYMENTS 

Section
6.1 Distributions . 

(a) Except
as provided otherwise in Section 10.2 , and subject to Section 6.2 , Distributable Cash shall be distributed to the Members
on each Distribution Date as follows: 

(i) first,
until the Project Capital Recovery Date, one hundred percent (100 of the Distributable Cash received by the Company shall be distributed
to the Class B Members on a pro rata basis until the Class B Members have received one hundred percent (100 of such Member s
respective aggregate Capital Contributions; 

(ii) second,
from and after the Project Capital Recovery Date and through the Target Achievement Date, the Distributable Cash received by the Company
shall be distributed ninety percent (90 to the Class B Members, and ten percent (10 to the Class A Member, until each of the Class
B Members has received its Target Return; 

(iii) after
the Target Achievement Date, the portion of Distributable Cash received by the Company shall be distributed fifty percent (50 to Spring
Lane (or its respective assigns), and fifty percent (50 to the Class A Member and Soluna (or their respective assigns) pro rata based
on the amount of Membership Interests held by such Members. 

(b) Distributions
required to be made by operation of Section 6.1(a) shall be made by the Company on each Distribution Date, unless otherwise agreed
with the Consent of the Members. 

(c) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any Member fails to make a Capital Contribution in accordance with Section 4.1(b) or otherwise is in material
breach of any provision in this Agreement (such Member, a Breaching Member ), and such breach is continuing, such
Breaching Member (i) shall not be entitled to and shall forfeit any right to any distributions pursuant to this Section 6.1 , and
(ii) shall not be entitled to vote on any matters as a Member of the Company with respect to any Membership Interests held by such Breaching
Member (for avoidance of doubt, the Membership Interests held by such Breaching Member shall not be included in either the numerator
or denominator for determining whether the voting threshold for the Requisite Class B Members has been reached). Upon any breach, a non-Breaching
Member shall promptly provide written notice to the Breaching Member and each other Member of such breach Breach Notice ).
The Breaching Member shall have five (5) Business Days after such Breach Notice has been received by the Breaching Member to challenge
such Breach Notice by providing written notice to the non-Breaching Members of such challenge (a Breach Challenge ).
Upon receipt of a Breach Challenge by the non-Breaching Member, the Members shall in good faith collaborate to resolve such dispute set
forth in the Breach Challenge. If the Members cannot resolve such dispute within thirty (30) calendar days, the Members shall engage
a third party mediator, acceptable to the Members, to resolve the dispute in a timely manner thereafter. 

26 

Section
6.2 Tax Distributions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6.1 , to the extent that the Manager, in its
reasonable discretion, determines that the Company has sufficient current and projected cash flow to make Tax Distributions, the Company
may make Tax Distributions quarterly to each Member. Tax Distributions pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall be treated as advances
of distributions to be made pursuant to Section 6.1 (including Section 10.2(b) and credited against future distributions
pursuant to Section 6.1 (including Section 10.2(b) ). No Member shall be entitled to any Tax Distributions (or further Tax
Distributions, as the case may be) during a Fiscal Year if such Member has already received cumulative distributions during such Fiscal
Year pursuant to Section 6.1 or this Section 6.2 equal to or in excess of such Member s Tax Amount for such Fiscal
Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Member shall be liable to return any Tax Distribution, even if the Tax Distributions made to
such Member exceed the amount such Member could be entitled to receive under Section 6.1 (including Section 10.2(b) ); provided
such excess Tax Distribution shall be treated as an advance to such Member with respect to the next distributions in the distribution
waterfall pursuant to Section 6.1. If the cumulative distributions made to any Member pursuant to Section 6.1 or this Section
6.2 with respect to a Fiscal Year is less than the Tax Amount of such Member for such Fiscal Year, the Company shall distribute the
excess of the Tax Amount over such cumulative distributions to such Member within sixty (60) days following the filing of Internal Revenue
Service Form 1065 by the Company for the Fiscal Year; provided, however, such Tax Distributions shall only be made to the extent the
Company has sufficient cash and any shortfall in the Tax Distributions for any Fiscal Year shall be included in the Tax Amount used for
calculating the Tax Distributions for each subsequent Fiscal Year until all Tax Distributions are paid in full. In determining the amount
of any Tax Distribution, the amount of taxable income allocated to each Member for any Fiscal Year shall be reduced by any Net Losses
previously allocated to such Member in any prior Fiscal Year provided that no such Net Loss (or partial Net Loss) shall be counted
more than once for this purpose. No Tax Distributions shall be made pursuant to this Section 6.2 in connection with a Sale of
the Company. 

Section
6.3 Withholding Taxes . If the Company is required to withhold Taxes with respect to any allocation or distribution to any Member
pursuant to any applicable federal, state or local Tax laws, the Company may, after first notifying the Member and permitting the Member,
if legally permitted, to contest the applicability of such Taxes, withhold such amounts and make such payments to Taxing authorities
as are necessary to ensure compliance with such Tax laws. Any funds withheld by reason of this Section 6.3 will nonetheless be
deemed distributed to the Member in question for all purposes under this Agreement. If the Company did not withhold from actual distributions
any amounts it was required to withhold, the Company may, at its option, (a) require the Member to which the withholding was credited
to reimburse the Company for such withholding, or (b) reduce any subsequent distributions by the amount of such withholding. This obligation
of a Member to reimburse the Company for Taxes that were required to be withheld shall continue after such Member Transfers its Membership
Interests in the Company. Each Member agrees to furnish the Company with any representations and forms as will reasonably be requested
by the Company to assist it in determining the extent of, and in fulfilling, any withholding obligations it may have. 

27 

Section
6.4 Limitation on Distributions . No distribution shall be made if such distribution would violate any contract or agreement
to which the Company is then a party that was approved by the Requisite Class B Members or any Applicable Law then applicable to the
Company. 

Section
6.5 No Return of Distributions . Any distribution of cash or property pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a compromise
within the meaning of Section 18-502(b) of the Act and, to the full extent permitted by law, no Member receiving the payment of any such
money or distribution of any such property will be required to return any such money or property to any Person, the Company or any creditor
of the Company. However, if any court of competent jurisdiction holds that, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any Member
is obligated to return such money or property, then such obligation will be the obligation of such Member and not of the other Members.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a deficit Capital Account of a Member will not be deemed to be a liability of such
Member nor an asset or property of the Company. 

Section
6.6 Calculation of Target Return . 

(a) Tracking
Accounts . The Manager shall maintain the Tracking Account and shall deliver updated Tracking Accounts to the Members in accordance
with Article VII . Distributions of Distributable Cash pursuant to Section 6.1(a) shall be made to the Members in the allocated
percentages specified in such Section, which shall vary as provided in such Section, and which shall be determined by reference to data
in the Tracking Accounts, subject to any corrections or adjustments by Manager that may be necessary from time to time to reflect the
transactions herein specified (including, for the avoidance of doubt, such corrections and adjustments requested by any Member). 

(b) Notice
of Date . The Manager shall notify the Members in writing on or before the earlier of (i) fifteen (15) calendar days before the Distribution
Date on which the Manager expects the Class B Members to achieve the Project Capital Recovery Date and Target Return and (ii) thirty
(30) calendar days before making any liquidating distributions after a liquidation of the Company under Section 10.1 (or on such
later date as the liquidation is ordered). The notice shall include the Tracking Accounts showing the Manager s calculations of
the Class B Members Internal Rate of Return (which calculations shall apply the methodology used in the applicable Project Pro
Forma) and the allocations and distributions that the Manager proposes to make to the Class B Members on the Distribution Date in accordance
with Section 6.1(a) or Section 10.2 , as applicable, based on such calculations. 

Section
6.7 Use of Proceeds . The Company shall apply revenues (inclusive of any net refinancing proceeds) from its operations in accordance
with this Section 6.7 , unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Members or required in any Financing Documents: 

(a) first,
Tax Distributions pursuant to Section 6.2 , if any; 

28 

(b) second,
to pay its operating costs and expenses and capital expenses then due, after taking appropriate reserves and making provision for losses
in accordance with Prudent Industry Practice and as may otherwise be required by the Financing Documents (including, without limitation,
costs of goods sold, operational and maintenance expenses, insurance payments, asset management fees, reserve build up, professional
expenses and other expenses related to the relevant Project); 

(c) third,
to reimburse to the Class B Members any amounts contributed to the Company to pay costs incurred by the Company pursuant to Section
8.6 and to reimburse to the Manager any amounts paid by Manager pursuant to Section 8.6 ; 

(d) fourth,
to pay any indebtedness as and when due under Financing Documents (if any); 

(e) fifth,
decommissioning costs, as agreed by the Requisite Class B Members, or if and to the extent required by the Financing Documents; and 

(f) last,
to use one hundred (100 percent of all remaining cash (including, without limitation, net cash flows from asset sales and refinancing
proceeds) (such remaining cash, the Available Cash Flow ), to make distributions to the Members in accordance with
 Section 6.1 . 

ARTICLE
VII 

 ACCOUNTING
AND RECORDS 

Section
7.1 Reports; Budget . 

(a) Thirty
days after the last Business Day of each Quarter, Manager shall update the Tracking Accounts and deliver to the Class B Members a report
showing the calculation of (i) each Class B Member s aggregate Internal Rate of Return, and (ii) the Internal Rate of Return achieved
by the Class B Members, in each case as of the end of the immediately preceding Quarter (the Target Return Report ).
In the event that distributions made to the Class B Members prior to and as of the Target Achievement Date exceeded the Target Return,
for the next following Distribution Date or Distribution Dates, the Company shall adjust distributions to the Members until Distributable
Cash shall have been distributed in accordance with Section 6.1(a) . 

(b) The
Manager will promptly notify each Member of upon having actual knowledge of (a) any breach, default or event of default by the Company
under any Project Documents, Financing Documents or Transaction Document, including any default by a counterparty under any Contracts
or Transaction Document or any other material contract, and shall provide each Member with copies of any notices received by the Manager
in connection with such breach, default or event of default and (b) any event or circumstance that is reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, the Class A Member, Parent or, in the reasonable estimation of the Manager based on facts known to it
without inquiry, any Class B Members. 

(c) The
Manager will promptly make available copies of each report delivered to the Company pursuant to the O M Agreement, if any. 

29 

(d) The
Manager shall prepare and deliver to each Member a monthly operations report in a form that is reasonable acceptable to the Requisite
Class B Members and such other information relating to the financial condition, business, prospects, or corporate affairs of the Company
as any Member may from time to time reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, delivery by the Manager to the Members of a copy
of a monthly operations and maintenance report from the O M provider under the O M Agreement (in the form agreed on or prior
to execution of the Contribution Agreement) shall be deemed to satisfy the obligations under this Section 7.1(d) . 

(e) The
Manager shall prepare a proposed Annual Budget no later than November 15 of each Fiscal Year starting with 2023 with respect to the upcoming
year. Each Annual Budget will contain a line-item specification of projected revenues and expenses (including reserves), and such other
line items required by any O M Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement or any other agreement that the Company and the Members
(or any of their Affiliates) are party to. The Members will review promptly each proposed Annual Budget, as presented, and will approve,
deny, or request modifications within fifteen (15) days of receipt of such draft. If a proposed Annual Budget is not approved by the
Members, the Manager shall prepare and submit a revised budget or portion thereof until the Annual Budget is approved as provided in
this Section 7.1(e) ; provided , that in the event that an Annual Budget for a Fiscal Year is not approved by the first day
thereof, the Annual Budget for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year shall automatically and without further action continue to be the
 Annual Budget until an Annual Budget is approved. 

Section
7.2 Books and Records and Inspection; Right to Audit and Contest . 

(a) The
Manager will, on behalf of the Company, maintain full and accurate books of account, financial records and supporting documents, which
will in all material respects reflect, completely, accurately and in reasonable detail each transaction of the Company, and such other
matters as are customarily entered into the records or maintained by Persons engaged in a business of like character or as are required
by law. The books of account, financial records, and supporting documents and the other documents and writings of the Company will be
kept and maintained by the Manager at the principal office of the Company. The financial records and reports of the Company (which, for
the avoidance of doubt, do not for purposes of this sentence include Tracking Accounts) will be kept in accordance with GAAP and kept
on an accrual basis. The Manager shall not delegate its responsibilities in this Section 7.2 to any Person without the Consent
of the Members; provided that such Consent of the Members shall be deemed to be given with respect to the delegation to the initial administrator
under the Administrative Services Agreement to the extent set forth in such agreement as in effect on the Effective Date; and provided
further that such delegation shall not in any way reduce or eliminate the obligations of the Manager under this Agreement, including
this Section 7.2 . 

(b) In
addition to and without limiting the generality of Section 7.2(a) , the Manager will, on behalf of the Company, maintain at the
Company s principal office: 

(i) true
and full information regarding the status of the financial condition of the Company, including any financial statements for the three
most recent Fiscal Years; 

(ii) promptly
after filing, a copy of the Company s federal, state, and local income Tax Returns for each year; 

30 

(iii) consents
and resolutions of the Members and the Manager with respect to the Company; 

(iv) a
current list of the name and last known business, residence or mailing address of each Member; 

(v) a
copy of this Agreement, the Company s Certificate of Formation, and all amendments thereto, together with executed copies of any
written powers of attorney pursuant to which such agreements and Certificate of Formation and all amendments thereto have been executed; 

(vi) true
and full information regarding the amount of cash and a description and statement of the agreed value of any other property and services
contributed by each Member, and the date upon which each became a Member; and 

(vii) copies
of records that would enable a Member to determine the Member s relative shares of the Company s distributions and the Member s
relative voting rights. 

(c) Upon
at least five (5) Business Days prior notice to the Manager, all books and records of the Company and its subsidiaries will be open to
inspection and copying by any of the Members or their Representatives during business hours and at such Member s expense, for any
purpose reasonably related to such Member s interest in the Company; provided that any such inspection or copying is conducted
in a manner which does not unreasonably interfere with the Company s business, and each Member shall be entitled to visit and inspect
the Company s properties of the Company and its subsidiaries (if any) and discuss the affairs, finances, and accounts of the Company
and its subsidiaries (if any) with the Manager, during normal business hours of the Company as may be reasonably requested by the Member;
provided that such Member shall follow all applicable safety, security and site rules and comply with all Applicable Laws, applicable
permits and Prudent Industry Practices when on the Project site. 

(d) Upon
at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice to the Manager, each Class B Member shall have the right, at its sole cost and expense,
to audit all of the books and records of the Manager relating to the Tracking Account and the Target Return. Such audit may be conducted
by such Class B Member or its designated Representatives. Each Class B Member shall have the right, upon notice to the Manager, to contest
any calculation of the Target Return or any element of the Tracking Accounts. The Members shall thereupon, together, expeditiously and
in good faith, attempt to resolve any such dispute. If such dispute shall not be resolved within twenty (20) Business Days after such
notice from such Class B Member, any Member may submit the dispute for resolution pursuant to Section 11.11 . If such resolution
determines that any such calculation was incorrect, the Tracking Account shall be adjusted accordingly, the Class B Member with respect
to which such calculation was incorrect shall be reimbursed by the Company for all of its costs and expenses incurred in connection with
such audit, and, if affected thereby, the Target Achievement Date shall be adjusted and (x) the Class A Member shall promptly reimburse
the Class B Members for any distribution received by the Class A Member which should have been made to the Class B Members, or (y) the
Class B Members shall promptly reimburse the Class A Member for any distribution received by the Class B Members which should have been
made to the Class A Member 

31 

Section
7.3 Bank Accounts, Notes and Drafts . 

(a) The
Members acknowledge that the Company may maintain funds in cash, money market funds, certificates of deposit, or other permitted investments
as approved by the Members in excess of the insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or other depository insurance
institutions, and that the Manager shall not be accountable or liable for any loss of such funds resulting from failure or insolvency
of the institution, so long as any such maintenance of funds is at a federally or state chartered banking institution consented to by
the Requisite Class B Members. As an initial matter, Requisite Class B Members consent to KeyBank. Each Class B Member shall have access
to view the account balance at any time at such bank. 

(b) Checks,
notes, drafts and other orders for the payment of money shall be signed by such Persons employed by the Manager or its Affiliate as the
Manager from time to time may authorize in writing. When the Manager so authorizes, and subject to Applicable Law, the signature of any
such Person may be given electronically. 

Section
7.4 Financial Statements and Other Reports . 

(a) The
Company shall maintain true and proper books, records, reports, and accounts in which shall be entered all transactions of the Company.
The Company shall also maintain all schedules to this Agreement and shall update such schedules promptly upon receipt of new information
relating thereto. 

(b) As
soon as available, but in any event not later than May 31 of each Fiscal Year, the Company shall furnish each Member a copy of the audited
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its subsidiaries (if any) as at the end of such year and the related audited statements
of income, retained earnings and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous
year and a comparison between the audited balance sheet of the Company and its subsidiaries (if any) and the related statements of operations,
shareholders equity and cash flows referred to above, all such financial statements audited and certified by independent public
accountants acceptable to the Requisite Class B Members. Such financial statement shall be prepared on a consolidated basis if the Company
has any subsidiaries during any relevant period of time. 

(c) As
soon as practicable, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each of the first three (3) quarters of each Fiscal Year,
Company shall furnish to each Member unaudited statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries (if any) for such
fiscal quarter, and an unaudited balance sheet and a statement of members equity of the Company and its subsidiaries (if any)
as of the end of such fiscal quarter, all prepared in accordance with GAAP (except that such financial statements may (i) be subject
to normal year-end audit adjustments; and (ii) not contain all or any notes thereto that may be otherwise required by GAAP). Such financial
statement shall be prepared on a consolidated basis if the Company has any subsidiaries during any relevant period of time. 

(d) The
Company shall deliver draft Schedule K-1s to the Members prior to March 1 of each Fiscal Year and final Schedule K-1s to the Members
prior to March 15 of each Fiscal Year. 

32 

Section
7.5 Partnership Status and Tax Elections . 

(a) The
Members intend that the Company will be taxed as a partnership for United States federal, state and local income tax purposes. No Member
shall elect to be excluded from the application of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of Subtitle A of the Code or any similar state statute nor
elect for the Company to be treated as a corporation, or an association taxable as a corporation, under the Code or any similar state
statute. 

(b) The
Company shall make the following elections or applications on the appropriate Tax Returns or other documentation: 

(i) to
the extent permitted under Section 706 of the Code, to adopt as the Company s fiscal year a year that ends on December 31 as long
as such fiscal year remains the Company s majority interest taxable year, as defined in Treasury Regulations Section
1.706-1(b)(2); 

(ii) to
adopt the accrual method of accounting; 

(iii) if
a distribution of the Company s property as described in Section 734 of the Code occurs or a transfer of Membership Interest as
described in Section 743 of the Code occurs, on request in writing from any Member, to elect, at such Member s cost, pursuant to
Section 754 of the Code to adjust the basis of the Company s properties; 

(iv) to
elect to amortize the organizational expenses of the Company ratably over a period of 180 months as permitted by Section 709(b) of the
Code; 

(v) to
make an election with respect to bonus depreciation, if such election is agreed to by the Manager and the Class B Members; and 

(vi) any
other election the Manager and the Class B Members agree to be appropriate. 

Section
7.6 Company Tax Returns . The Manager shall prepare all Tax Returns of the Company in accordance with the Code, provided that
the income Tax Returns of the Company shall be subject to the review and approval of the Requisite Class B Members, as provided in this
 Section 7.6 , and the Manager shall retain a nationally recognized accounting firm to advise on such preparation and review. The
Manager shall deliver a draft of all income Tax Returns of the Company to the Members not less than thirty (30) calendar days prior to
the deadline for filing (taking into account any extensions). The Members may propose revisions to such Tax Returns not more than five
(5) Business Days after the date of delivery, and the Manager shall consider and shall incorporate any such revisions so long the revisions
are in compliance with Applicable Laws and this Agreement, and no Member is disadvantaged by any such revisions without its written consent.
To the extent that any Tax Returns are not prepared in a timely manner as a result of the breach by the Manager of its obligations under
this Agreement, the Requisite Class B Members may elect to assume the preparation of any such Tax Return on behalf of and at the expense
of the Company, and the Company and Manager shall provide access to all information necessary or useful in such preparation. The Manager
may extend the time for filing any Tax Returns as provided for under Applicable Laws, provided that prior notice thereof is given to
the Class B Members. Each Member shall provide such information, if any, as may be reasonably needed by the Company for purposes of preparing
such Tax Returns; provided that such information is readily available or reasonably can be obtained from regularly maintained
accounting records. 

33 

Section
7.7 Tax Matters . 

(a) (i)
the Manager shall be designated as the Partnership Representative within the meaning of Section 6223(a) of the Code (the
 Partnership Representative and the Manager shall be authorized to take any actions necessary under Treasury Regulations
or other guidance to be designated as the Partnership Representative; (ii) subject to Section 7.7(b) , the Company and each Member
agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the Partnership Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii)
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code shall be made as provided in Section 7.7(b), and the Members agree to take any
action, and furnish the Company, the Manager, and the Partnership Representative with any information necessary, to give effect to such
election if made in accordance with such section; and (iv) any imputed underpayment imposed on the Company pursuant to Section 6232 of
the Code (and any related interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the Partnership Representative reasonably determines is
attributable to one or more Members (including any former Members), shall be promptly paid by such Members (including any former Members)
to the Company (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such underpayment) within fifteen (15) days following the Company s
request for payment (and any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in distributions otherwise payable to
such Member); provided, that the Company shall provide the Members with its calculation of the portion of any imputed underpayment applicable
to each of the Members and an opportunity to review and comment, which comments shall be considered in good faith by the Company. If
the Partnership Representative is not an individual, the Partnership Representative shall appoint a designated individual 
in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 301.6223-1(b)(3) (the Designated Individual ). 

(b) The
Partnership Representative shall (i) keep all Members reasonably and contemporaneously apprised regarding all tax audits, examinations,
proceedings and other material tax matters related to the Company or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries (a Tax Proceeding and (ii) promptly furnish to all Members copies of any and all material documents and correspondence sent or received in connection with
any such Tax Proceeding. All Members shall be entitled to be present at, and participate in, any and all meetings and conference calls
with respect to any Tax Proceeding. The Partnership Representative shall not settle or otherwise agree to, or cause or permit the Company
or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries to settle or agree to, any matter, determination or outcome without the prior written consent
of the Requisite Class B Members, if such resolution would have an adverse effect on any Class B Member or the Company. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, unless otherwise agreed to by the Partnership Representative and the Requisite Class B Members, the Partnership Representative
shall cause the Company to make an election pursuant to Section 6226 of the Code with respect to any imputed underpayment 
(within the meaning of Section 6225 of the Code) to make the provisions of Section 6225 of the Code inapplicable to such imputed underpayment
(a Section 6226 Election to the extent the Company is eligible to make such election; provided, however, that if any Member
objects in writing to such Section 6226 Election, and provides an alternative to such Section 6226 Election that is materially more favorable
to such Member and no less favorable to the other Members or the Company (as determined by the written Consent of the Members, such consent
not to be unreasonably withheld), then the Company shall in good faith pursue such alternative so long as it can be implemented without
jeopardizing the Members rights to the Section 6226 Election. 

34 

(c) The
Company shall indemnify and reimburse the Partnership Representative for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including legal and accounting
fees (including tax preparation fees), claims, liabilities, losses and damages, incurred in connection with the exercise of its duties
as Partnership Representative. 

Section
7.8 Cooperation . Subject to the provisions of this Article VII , each Member shall, at the requesting Member s
expense, provide the other Members with such assistance as may reasonably be requested by such other Members in connection with the preparation
of any Tax Return, any audit or other examination by any taxing authority, or any judicial or administrative proceedings relating to
the liability for any Taxes with respect to the operations of the Company. 

Section
7.9 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Company (the Fiscal Year shall be a year that ends on December
31. The taxable year of the Company will be a year that ends on December 31 as long as such taxable year remains the Company s
 majority interest taxable year, as defined in Treasury Regulations Section 1.706-1(b)(2), or such other date as required
by federal income tax law. 

Section
7.10 Member Tax Consistency . Each Member agrees that on such Member s federal, state, local, foreign, and other income
tax returns, such Member shall not take any position with regard to any Company item that is inconsistent with the treatment of such
item on the Company s return, unless otherwise required by applicable law, in which case such Member shall provide prior written
notice to the Company of such inconsistency. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 MANAGEMENT 

Section
8.1 Management of the Company . 

(a) The
Manager and Spring Lane shall meet to review the business, operations, finances and prospects of the Company at least bi-weekly or more
frequently as requested by Spring Lane, in each case at a mutually agreeable time after reasonable prior notice. Such meetings may include
other Members. For the avoidance of doubt, any meeting between Manager and any Member may be via telephone or videoconference, at the
request of any such Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Spring Lane has access and meeting rights in connection with the O M
Agreement that are substantially similar to the foregoing, compliance with such rights by the O M provider under the O M Agreement
shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements under this Section 8.1(a) . 

35 

(b) Subject
to Section 8.2 and this Section 8.1 , the Manager will have responsibility, control and supervision over the day-to-day
operation of the Company and all actions with respect to the management and operation of the Company that are those necessary, convenient
or incidental for the accomplishment of the purposes of the Company set out in Section 2.3(a) that are not (i) Major Decisions pursuant
to Section 8.4 or (ii) decisions reserved to, or subject to the consent of, the Requisite Class B Members, including pursuant
to this Section 8.1 and Section 8.5 . The Manager shall devote such time to the business and affairs of the Company as is
necessary to carry out the Manager s duties set forth in this Agreement. The Manager shall perform their managerial duties (i)
in good faith, (ii) in a manner it believes in good faith to be in the best interests of the Company, (iii) in a manner it believes in
good faith to represent the care as an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar circumstances, (iv)
without intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; and (v) without engaging in any transaction for which it receives a personal
benefit in violation or breach of any provision of this Agreement. 

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, (i) in connection with (A) any payment being made by or on behalf of the Company to POCo that
is not contemplated in the Shared Facilities Agreement or any other Project Document, (B) any default by POCo under the Shared Facilities
Agreement (including the enforcement of any remedies thereunder or the waiver of any such default) or any other Project Document, (C)
any consent, approval, waiver, or other material decision pertaining to POCo (including with regard to termination for cause) under the
Shared Facilities Agreement or any other Project Document, (D) any matter subject to Section 8.2.2 of the Shared Facilities Agreement
or similar provisions in any other Project Document, or (E) matters arising under or affecting any Transaction Documents between the
Company on the one hand and Developer or its Affiliates on the other hand, or under any Project Document (each, an Affiliate
Contract (for purposes of this clause (c)(i)(E), other than those addressed in clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) of this Section
8.1(c)) between the Company and POCo, including in its capacity as a Member or Manager hereunder, and including the enforcement, prosecution,
waiver, or conduct of any claims, disputes or material rights thereunder or with respect thereto, then, in each case, the Requisite Class
B Members shall have the sole right and power to exercise decisions on behalf of the Company, each Class B Member acknowledges, solely
for the avoidance of doubt and not in derogation of any right of indemnity or otherwise of the Class B Members hereunder, that neither
the Manager nor Class A Member shall have any responsibility or liability of any kind whatsoever for actions taken by the Requisite Class
B Members in the exercise of its rights under this Section 8.1(c); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall this
Section 8(c) be deemed to limit the Class A Member s voting rights with respect to any matter falling under the Shared Facilities
Agreement or any other Project Document to the extent pertaining to the need for or the nature and substance of any services that happen
to be provided by POCo (such as upgrades to the Shared Facilities), as opposed to pertaining directly to POCo (and POCo s performance)
itself; provided that the Class A Member shall be recused from any decision regarding the price paid to POCo with respect to any such
services, and (ii) other than in the event of an emergency that requires the Company to take an action within twenty four hours (in which
event, the Class B Members shall be promptly notified), the Requisite Class B Members shall have the sole right and power to approve
or consent or to refrain from approving or consenting to any amendment, supplement, extension, waiver or other modification to or deviation
from any Project Document, excepting from the foregoing requirements under clause (ii) the following: immaterial waivers or modifications,
and waivers or modifications to the extent solely affecting the administration, operations or logistics of the Company such that the
Company is in a substantially equivalent position consistent with the terms of the applicable Project Document without materially expanding
the liabilities of the Company and without materially affecting the Project Budget, the Project Schedule or the assumptions in the Project
Pro Forma. 

36 

(d) Notwithstanding
anything herein (x) the Manager shall have no obligation to expend any of its own funds in carrying out its duties and obligations under
this Agreement if it is not reasonably satisfied, to the extent any amounts are reimbursable hereunder, that such amounts will be timely
reimbursed in accordance with the terms hereof, and (y) the Manager shall not be liable for any failure to perform any of its duties
or obligations hereunder to the extent that such failure was due to (i) failure of the Class B Members (or the Company, to the extent
caused by the Class B Members) to make funds available for such performance as required hereunder, (ii) a Force Majeure Event, or (iii)
the breach by any other Person of a Contract where such compliance was inherently a predicate for the performance by Manager of its obligations
hereunder; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the foregoing exception to Manager s obligation to perform shall not relieve
the other Person of any liability for any such breach. 

Section
8.2 Removal of Manager/Changes in Voting . The Requisite Class B Members shall have the right to remove the Manager as Manager
at any time upon notice to the Manager and the other Members and replace the Manager with a designee of the Requisite Class B Members
selected in a commercially reasonable manner, which may be a Class B Member, if (a) the Manager, Soluna, Developer or POCo, or their
respective successors or assigns, or any of their respective Affiliates, is terminated as a service provider under any of the Project
Documents or (b) the Requisite Class B Members have concluded in their reasonable judgement that any of the events described in clause
(iii) of the definition of For Reason are imminently likely to occur with respect to the Manager or Parent. Parent shall
notify Spring Lane (i) ten (10) days prior to filing a bankruptcy petition, apply for a receivership, or otherwise institute insolvency
proceedings or consenting to the institution of bankruptcy, receivership or insolvency proceedings, or (ii) immediately if it reasonably
believes that the events described in clause (iii) of the definition of For Reason are imminently likely to occur. In addition,
the Requisite Class B Members shall have the right to remove the Manager For Reason, and upon such removal For Reason, any Membership
Interest of the removed Manager shall convert automatically into a non-voting membership interest (including that the consent of such
Member shall not be required pursuant to Section 8.4); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding such conversion the
Member shall continue to be entitled to the economic rights provided in Articles V and VI . 

Section
8.3 Debt . Except as otherwise provided in the Act or by Applicable Law, no Member will be obligated personally for any debt,
obligation or liability of the Company or other Members, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, solely by reason of being a
Member. 

Section
8.4 Major Decisions . In addition to any other approval required by Applicable Laws or this Agreement, and subject to Section
8.5(f) , the Company shall not, without the consent of the Requisite Class B Members, directly or indirectly take any of the following
actions Major Decisions ): 

(a) amend
its limited liability company operating agreement or its certificate of formation, or, subject to Section 8.1(c) , any Project
Document or Project Schedule; 

(b) except
as provided in Article IX , issue, sell or exchange, agree to issue, sell or exchange, or reserve or set aside for issuance, sale
or exchange, any Membership Interests or interests, or other equity or debt securities (or any securities or instruments convertible
or exchangeable into the foregoing) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (if any); 

37 

(c) repurchase
any equity or debt securities (or any securities or instruments convertible into the foregoing) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
(if any); 

(d) perform
any act that could subject the Members to liability in their capacity as Members; 

(e) change
the general nature of the business activity of the Company; 

(f) execute,
modify or terminate, or waive or enforce any material right or claim under, (i) any contract between the Company (or any of its subsidiaries,
if any), on the one hand, and the Manager, any Affiliate of the Manager, or employee of the Manager or Affiliate of the Manager, on the
other hand, in each case, in which any such Person has a direct or indirect economic interest, or (ii) any Affiliate Contract, unless,
in each case, expressly permitted under Section 8.1(c) ; 

(g) create
a new subsidiary or invest in any other Person; 

(h) delegate
any power or authority of the Manager to one or more Persons except as otherwise set forth herein; 

(i) make
any distribution, other than as set forth in Article VI or Article X ; 

(j) change
the tax classification of the Company or make any material tax election (including as regards tax credits) not specifically provided
for in this Agreement; 

(k) elect
the alternative depreciation system or make any change to any material tax depreciation or accounting methods of the Company that would
have a disproportionate, material and adverse impact on any Member; 

(l) to
confess a judgment against the Company, pursue a claim of the Company against a third party (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the
Class A Member and its Affiliates), or bring, dismiss, or settle litigation or claims involving the Company (excluding, for the avoidance
of doubt, in respect of the Class A Member and its Affiliates); 

(m) engage
or terminate an auditing firm; 

(n) hire
or allow for any employees of the Company; 

(o) approve,
amend, modify, or incur costs in excess of, an Annual Budget or any Project Pro Forma, Project Schedule, and the Project Opex and Capex
Budget; 

(p) enter
into any merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination; 

38 

(q) sell,
lease, exchange or other disposal of any material assets of the Company; provided that (A) the Company may sell products and services
in the ordinary course of business as part of its revenue generation pursuant to business operations that are part of the Annual Budget,
and (B) the Company may sell, lease, otherwise transfer or dispose of property or assets that (1) are obsolete, damaged or no longer
useful for the business of the Company, (2) are not in excess of 1,000,000 per annum, (3) are cash or cash equivalent investments in
a manner consistent with the Project Budget, or (4) are condemned as a result of the exercise of eminent domain or other
similar policies to the respective governmental authority or agency that has condemned the same (whether by deed in lieu of condemnation
or otherwise); 

(r) create,
issue, or guarantee, or incur or agree to incur, or enter into any agreement, any Indebtedness for borrowed money, other than pursuant
to any Financing Documents pursuant to any Qualifying Debt (as defined in the Contribution Agreement); and 

(s) refinance
the Indebtedness and other obligations under the Financing Documents or place Liens on the assets of the Company in connection with such
refinancing. 

Section
8.5 Special Class B Members Powers . The Requisite Class B Members shall have the right, in their sole discretion without
the consent of the Class A Member, acting by a vote of the Requisite Class B Members, to cause the Company to: 

(a) except
as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement and for so long as Spring Lane or any of its Affiliates holds any Membership Interests,
dissolve the Company; 

(b) file
a bankruptcy petition, apply for a receivership, or otherwise institute insolvency proceedings or consent to the institution of bankruptcy,
receivership or insolvency proceedings, in each case related to the Company; 

(c) enter
into, modify, or terminate, waive or enforce any right or claim under any agreement or transaction in which the Manager, any Affiliate
of the Manager, any employee of Manager or its Affiliates may have a direct or indirect economic interest other than in its capacity
as a Member; 

(d) except
in the case of any such transaction between the Company and a Class B Member or a Class B Affiliate, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, on terms acceptable to the Requisite Class B Members, and in connection with
such sale or other disposal, at the election of the Requisite Class B Members, terminate the rights and obligations of the Company under
any Shared Facilities Agreement, EPC Agreement, O M Agreement or Administrative Services Agreement with such termination effective
upon payment of the Termination Payment therefor (if applicable); provided that Class B Members shall provide a right of first offer
to the Developer in accordance with Section 9.10 ; 

(e) except
in the case of any such transaction between the Company and a Class B Member or a Class B Affiliate, enter into or allow the Company
to enter into any merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination or transaction under Section 9.7 , Section
9.8 or Section 9.9 , and in connection with such transaction terminate the rights and obligations of the Company under any
EPC Agreement, O M Agreement or Administrative Services Agreement, with such termination effective upon payment of the Termination
Payment therefor (if applicable); provided that Class B Members shall provide a right of first offer to the Developer in accordance with
 Section 9.10 ; 

39 

(f) if
the Class A Member is removed as the Manager, take or refrain from taking any of the actions in Section 8.4(h) , Section 8.4(l) ,
 Section 8.4(m) , and Section 8.4(n) ; 

(g) to
confess a judgment against the Company, pursue a claim against the Class A Member or any of its Affiliates, or bring or settle litigation
or claims involving the Company or in respect of the Class A Member or its Affiliates; 

(h) prepare
and send Contribution Requests (as defined in the Contribution Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Contribution Agreement,
and to require the Class B Members to make subsequent Capital Contributions in accordance with the Contribution Agreement; and 

(i) take
the actions and cause the Company to take the actions specified in Section 8.1(c). 

Section
8.6 Costs and Expenses; Compensation . All out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Manager in performing
its duties as Manager hereunder, including travel and the fees, costs and expenses of accountants and other third party service providers
shall be the costs and expenses of the Company and Company shall promptly reimburse the Manager for all such out-of-pocket costs and
expenses; provided, that Manager shall not be permitted to pass through any out-of-pocket expense hereunder that (a) Manager has expressly
agreed in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any Corporate Document to pay on its own account, or (b) that are customary
items of overhead (including, without limitation, office supplies, office expenses, office space, employee salaries and benefits, utilities,
internet access, cellular phone service, computers, software and tools of the trade used by Manager to perform its management duties)
or (c) that are paid pursuant to any Administrative Services Agreement. All out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the
Class B Members in connection with the exercise of their rights and duties pursuant to Section 8.4 or Section 8.5 shall be costs and
expenses of the Company, and the Company shall promptly reimburse the Class B Members for all such costs and expenses to the same extent
they would be reimbursable to the Manager pursuant to the foregoing sentence. 

Section
8.7 Indemnification and Exculpation . 

(a) To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company shall exculpate, hold harmless, and indemnify the Manager (only in its capacity
as Manager), each Member (only in its capacity as a Member) and their respective members, officers, directors, employees and agents from
and against, all claims, suits, demands, injunctions, actions, causes of action, assessments, costs, expenses judgments, awards, liabilities,
losses Losses any of them incur by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by such Person in good faith, in
a manner reasonably believed to be consistent with its rights and obligations under Applicable Law and this Agreement; provided ,
that this indemnity does not apply to such matters that are attributable to the gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud, or the
breach by such Person in any capacity. 

40 

(b) To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, expenses to be incurred by an indemnified Person under this Section 8.7 shall,
from time to time, be advanced by or on behalf of the Company prior to the final disposition of any matter upon receipt by the Company
of an undertaking from a Person with sufficient credit capacity to repay such amount if it shall be determined that the indemnified Person
is not entitled to be indemnified under this Agreement. 

Section
8.8 Power of Attorney . In the event that the Requisite Class B Members approve the issuance of any debt securities, term loan
or any Financing Documents, or modifications, amendments or changes to the same, each Party to this Agreement hereby grants a power of
attorney to the Manager, and a designee of Spring Lane, and each of them, with full power of substitution, to sign such Financing Documents
or related documents on behalf of such Party, including, without limitation, any pledge of membership interests in the Company required
by the lender. The power of attorney granted hereunder shall authorize the Manager and a designee of Spring Lane to execute and deliver
such documentation referred to in the previous sentence on behalf of any Party failing to do so within five (5) business days of a request
by the Company. The power of attorney granted pursuant to this Section 8.8 is given in consideration of the agreements and covenants
of the Company and the parties in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, as such, each is coupled with
an interest and shall be irrevocable unless and until this Agreement terminates or expires. Each party hereto hereby revokes any and
all previous proxies or powers of attorney with respect to the matters addressed in the first sentence of this Section 8.8 and
shall not hereafter, unless and until this Agreement terminates or expires pursuant to the terms hereof, purport to grant any other proxy
or power of attorney with respect to any of the Membership Interests, deposit any of the Membership Interests into a voting trust or
enter into any agreement (other than this Agreement), arrangement or understanding with any person, directly or indirectly, to vote,
grant any proxy or give instructions with respect to the voting of any of the Membership Interests, in each case, with respect to the
matters addressed in the first sentence of this Section 8.8 , other than as set forth in Section 9.9(d) . 

ARTICLE
IX 

 TRANSFERS 

Section
9.1 Prohibited Transfers . Each Member may Transfer only in compliance with this Article IX . Any attempted Transfer that
does not comply with this Article IX shall be null and void and of no force or effect whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Transfer contemplated by the 2023 Purchase Agreement shall be exempt from the requirements of Sections 9.2(a) , (b) 
and (h) , Section 9.9 and Section 9.10 . 

Section
9.2 Conditions Applicable to All Transfers . Except as otherwise provided in this Article IX , all Transfers of Membership
Interests must satisfy the following conditions: 

(a) The
transferring Member must give notice of the proposed Transfer to the Manager and the other Members not less than 10 Business Days prior
to the proposed date for the consummation of the proposed Transfer; provided that, with respect to any Transfer by a Class B Member,
such Class B Member must also give notice to the Manager and the other Members promptly upon commencing a marketing process for the sale
of Class B Membership Interests and promptly upon entering into advanced negotiations with a third party with respect to the Transfer
of Class B Membership Interests; 

41 

(b) The
transferring Member and the prospective transferee must each execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company an assignment and assumption
agreement substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto with respect to such Transfer and such other instruments as
are reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the other Members to effect such Transfer and confirm the transferor s intention
that the transferee become a Member in its place with respect to the Membership Interests so transferred, and the prospective transferee
makes the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in Section 3.9 as of the date of such Transfer; 

(c) The
Transfer will not violate any Applicable Law; 

(d) The
transferee is not a Disqualified Transferee; 

(e) The
Transfer will not cause the Company to be classified as a corporation or publicly traded partnership for federal income tax purposes; 

(f) The
Transfer will not cause the assets of the Company to be treated as tax-exempt use property within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the
Code; 

(g) For
Transfers by the Class A Member of the Class A Member s interests, the Transfer shall have been approved in writing by the Requisite
Class B Members in their sole discretion, unless such Transfer is made in compliance with Section 9.9 ; 

(h) For
Transfers by any Class B Member, the Class B Member has made all of the contributions contemplated to be made by such Class B Member
under the Contribution Agreement; provided that , this restriction shall not apply if the transferee has reasonably demonstrated
that they have the ability to make all remaining Capital Contributions required of the transferring Class B Member (an Eligible
Transferee ); provided further that any transferee that has (i) a long-term credit rating of at least BBB- by Standard 
Poor s and Baa3 by Moody s, (ii) a Tangible Net Worth of at least 25,000,000, or (iii) has provided a parent guaranty from
an entity that meets the requirements set forth in clause (i) or (ii), which guaranty is in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Class A Member, shall be deemed to be an Eligible Transferee; and 

(i) For
Transfers by any Class B Member, such Transfer is not to a Prohibited Class B Entity. 

Section
9.3 Additional Requirements of Transfer . As additional conditions to the validity of any transfer of a Membership Interest,
such transfer shall not: (a) violate the Act, (b) violate the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from
time to time, or the securities laws of any jurisdiction, (c) cause the Company to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
thereunder, (d) result in the Company being classified as a publicly traded partnership under the Code or treated as an
entity other than a partnership for federal income tax purposes or (e) be to a benefit plan investor (as defined in the
Plan Assets Regulation), unless such transfer would not result in all or any portion of the assets of the Company constituting plan
assets for purposes of ERISA. The Company may require reasonable evidence as to the satisfaction of any of the foregoing conditions,
including a favorable opinion of tax counsel on behalf of the transferor Member. 

42 

Section
9.4 Transfer Expenses . All reasonable documented, out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Class B Members, its Affiliates
or the Company for the benefit of all holders of Membership Interests in connection with a Sale of the Company in accordance with the
applicable terms hereof (whether or not consummated), including all attorneys fees and expenses, all accounting fees and charges
and all finders, brokerage or investment banking fees, charges or commissions, will be paid by the Company, and, if not paid by the Company,
borne by the Members based upon the pro rata share of the proceeds to which each Member is entitled to receive under Section 6.1(a)
 such that proceeds from any Sale of the Company will be distributed pursuant to Section 6.1(a) as if they had been distributed
after giving effect to such costs and expenses. 

Section
9.5 Non-Compliant Transfer . Any proposed Transfer of a Membership Interest that does not satisfy the conditions for such Transfer
set forth in this Agreement shall be null and void ab initio and shall not be recognized by the Company for any purpose. Unless and until
all of the requirements of this Agreement have been satisfied with respect to a proposed Transfer of a Membership Interest, the Company
shall (a) continue to treat the transferor of such Membership Interest as the sole owner of the Membership Interest for all purposes
hereunder and incur no liability for allocations or distributions made to such transferor with respect to such Membership Interest, (b)
make no allocations or distributions to the proposed transferee with respect to such Membership Interest, (c) not furnish to such transferee
any tax, financial or other information regarding the Company with respect to such Membership Interest and (d) not otherwise treat such
proposed transferee as the legal or equitable owner of such Membership Interest, except and only to the extent as required by Applicable
Law. 

Section
9.6 Transferee Members . 

(a) A
transferee of a Membership Interest that is admitted as a substitute Member in accordance with this Agreement shall succeed to the rights
and obligations of the transferor of such Membership Interest under this Agreement and Applicable Law with respect to such Membership
Interest as of immediately prior to the effective time of such admission and, as of such effective time, any Unfunded Commitment and
the Capital Account of such transferor. The Capital Contributions and the Capital Account balance of the transferee with respect to such
Membership Interest shall equal the Capital Contribution and the Capital Account balance of the transferor with respect to such Membership
Interest as of immediately prior to such time. 

(b) Any
transferee of all or part of any Membership Interests pursuant to a Transfer made in accordance with this Agreement shall be admitted
to the Company as a Member only upon its execution of a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the other
Members. 

43 

Section
9.7 Tag-Along . 

(a) In
the event that a Member (a Selling Member seeks or otherwise receives and wishes to accept an offer by a third
party to purchase forty percent (40 or more of its Membership Interest (other than a Class B Affiliate), and without limitation of
the consent right in Section 9.2(g) , or if the Class A Member is the Selling Member and the transferee is not an Affiliate of
the Selling Member, then such Selling Member shall give written notice, specifying the cash purchase price and the other material terms
of such offer (and providing a copy of the proposed agreement for such purchase and sale if then available) Tag-Along Notice ),
to all Tag-Eligible Members, and such Tag-Eligible Members and the Selling Member shall have the right to participate in the proposed
sale on a pro rata basis calculated as set forth in Section 9.7(c) on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Tag-Eligible
Members than those applicable to the Selling Member, exercisable by delivery of written notice delivered to the Selling Member (the Tag
Along Election ), within ten (10) Business Days following receipt of the Tag Along Notice (the Election Period ),
which Tag Along Election shall be irrevocable, and shall be for the sale of all of the Membership Interest of the electing Tag-Eligible
Member set forth in the Tag Along Election (a Tag Along Sale ). 

(b) If
a Tag-Eligible Member delivers the Tag Along Election (any such Member, a Tag Along Member ), then such Tag Along
Member shall be irrevocably bound (subject to the terms and conditions set forth set forth in the definitive documentation for such purchase
and sale) to sell its Membership Interests on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Tag Along Member than those applicable to
the Selling Member (taking into account the differences in rights, obligations and values between Class B Membership Interests and Class
A Membership Interests), unless otherwise agreed to in writing by such Tag Along Member in its sole discretion. The proceeds of such
Tag Along Sale shall be allocated to the Selling Member and the Tag Along Member in the amounts as would have been distributed had the
proceeds been distributions pursuant to Section 6.1(a) and further provided that any proceeds held in escrow pursuant to such
sale shall not constitute sale proceeds until released from such escrow for payment to the Selling Member and the Tag Along Member (which
proceeds shall be so applied at the time of release from such escrow). 

(c) In
order to be entitled to participate pursuant to a Tag Along Election, each Tag Along Member shall agree to make and shall make to the
proposed transferee substantially the same representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and agreements as the Selling Member agrees
to make to the purchaser of the Selling Member s Membership Interests and agree to the same conditions as the Selling Member agrees
(except that, in the case of representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities, agreements and conditions pertaining specifically to
the Selling Member, each Tag Along Member shall make comparable representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and agreements and
shall agree to comparable conditions, in each case to the extent applicable and pertaining specifically to itself and only to itself);
 provided , that all representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and agreements shall be made by Members severally and not
jointly; and provided further , that the liability for indemnification, in addition to being several and not joint, shall be allocated
pro rata based on the decrease in the amount of the aggregate consideration each such Member would receive in such Tag Along Sale if
the amount of the aggregate consideration to be distributed was reduced by the aggregate amount of such obligations (i.e., reverse waterfall),
other than as to such liability in respect of the representations and warranties made to the transferee as to itself and its properties
and liability in respect of its performance of its obligations to the transferee, as to which its liability shall not be limited by such
allocation, and as to which no other Member shall have liability unless otherwise agreed in writing. Members liability in respect
of such transfer will not exceed such Member s Proceeds, except that in the case of potential liability for fraud or willful misconduct
by such Member, such Member shall bear the full liability therefor. 

44 

(d) The
closing of the purchase of the Membership Interests with respect to which a Tag Along Election has been made will take place concurrently
with the closing of the sale of the Selling Member s Interests. The closing of such sale shall take place at a time and place to
be designated by mutual agreement between the Selling Member and the applicable purchaser; provided, that the date designated for such
closing shall be within ninety (90) days following the end of the Election Period unless otherwise agreed by the Selling Member and the
Tag Along Member. The net proceeds of the sale of the Membership Interests in such Tag Along Sale shall be distributed to the applicable
Members as if such sale were a liquidation of the Company in the amounts and order of priority in accordance with Section 6.1 . 

Section
9.8 Sale of Projects . 

(a) If
the Requisite Class B Members seek or otherwise receive and wish to accept an offer for the sale, lease or other disposal of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, then the Requisite Class B Members shall have the right to require the Company to sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of all of the Company s assets, on terms acceptable to the Requisite Class B Members in accordance with Section 8.5(d) ,
and the proceeds of such sale, lease or disposal shall be promptly first applied to then outstanding obligations of the Company in accordance
with Section 6.7 , and thereafter distributed to the Class B Members and the Class A Member as distributions pursuant to Section
6.1(a) and further provided that any proceeds held in escrow pursuant to such sale, lease or disposal shall not constitute sale proceeds
until released from such escrow for distribution first to any outstanding obligations of the Company in accordance with Section 6.7 ,
and thereafter in accordance with Section 6.1(a) (and which proceeds shall be so applied at the time of release from such escrow).
In connection with any such sale, lease or other disposal of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, the Requisite Class
B Members shall have the right to cause the Company to terminate the O M Agreement or Administrative Services Agreement of the Company,
subject to the payment of the applicable Termination Payment, if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Class B Members shall provide
a right of first offer to the Developer in accordance with Section 9.10 and will ensure that proceeds from such transaction are
distributed to the Class A Member in accordance with Article VI . 

Section
9.9 Special Provisions Relating to Sales of the Company . 

(a) In
the event of a sale or exchange by the Members of all or substantially all of the Membership Interests held by the Members (whether by
sale, merger, recapitalization, reorganization, consolidation, combination or otherwise), each Member shall receive in exchange for the
Membership Interests transferred by such Member provided that, as provided in Section 9.9(b) , owners of the Class B Member
Corporate Investment Vehicles may deliver the capital stock, other equity interests and all outstanding indebtedness of such Class B
Member Corporate Investment Vehicles in lieu of such Membership Interests), the same portion of the aggregate consideration from such
sale or exchange that such Member would have received if such aggregate consideration had been distributed by the Company in complete
liquidation pursuant to the rights and preferences set forth in Section 6.1(a) as in effect immediately prior to such sale or
exchange; provided that any proceeds held in escrow pursuant to such sale or exchange shall not constitute sale proceeds until released
from such escrow for payment to the Class B Members and the Class A Member (which proceeds shall be so applied at the time of release
from such escrow). Each Member shall take all necessary or desirable actions in connection with such distribution of the aggregate consideration
from such sale or exchange as requested by the Requisite Class B Members. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
proceeds of the sale of the Membership Interests of the Class B Members shall not be distributed pursuant to Section 6.1 hereof
in the event that substantially all of the Membership Interests are being sold pursuant to a Tag Along Sale if the Class A Member is
not participating in a Tag Along Sale pursuant to Section 9.7 , and such proceeds shall be paid to the Class B Members with no
obligation to distribute any such proceeds to the Class A Member. 

45 

(b) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement (including the requirements of the conditions specified
in Section 9.7 and this Section 9.9 ), it is understood and agreed that the following structure for a Sale of the Company
with respect to the Class B Members shall be implemented by the Company and approved by the Manager and each Member if so requested by
the Requisite Class B Members: a Sale of the Company in which the purchaser or purchasers acquire(s) separately each of the following:
(i) all Membership Interests of the Company other than the Membership Interests held by the Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles;
and (ii) all outstanding capital stock, other equity interests and all outstanding indebtedness of the Class B Member Corporate Investment
Vehicles and/or all of their options, warrants and/or other rights to acquire equity interests in the Company (which options, warrants
or rights the purchaser or purchasers will then exercise). The price to be paid to the owners of the debt and equity securities of the
Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles will be the aggregate value of all Membership Interests held, directly or indirectly, by
such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle (as if all options, warrants and/or other rights to acquire equity interests in the
Company had been exercised) as if all such Membership Interests were directly sold in such transaction plus the amount of any cash held
by the Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle. If such structure is implemented, then the relevant Class B Member(s) shall be deemed
to include the stockholders and other securities holders of such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle and the Membership Interests
held by such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle shall be determined based on the indirect sale of such Membership Interests
by such holders. For the sake of clarity, the value of each Membership Interest sold or exchanged pursuant to Section 9.7 or Section
9.9 shall be determined by (i) calculating the aggregate equity value of the Company after taking into account the benefit of any
step-up in basis attributable to the purchase of all of the Membership Interests and all of the debt and equity securities of the Class
B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles and (ii) allocating to each such Membership Interests, whether sold directly or pursuant to the
sale of all of the debt and equity securities of the Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles, the same portion of the aggregate
consideration from such sale or exchange that would have been allocated to such Membership Interest if such aggregate consideration had
been distributed by the Company in complete liquidation pursuant to the rights and preferences set forth in Section 6.1(a) as
in effect immediately prior to such sale or exchange. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Class B Members
may Transfer to any Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle, in connection with an Approved Sale, Class B Membership Interests representing
such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle s indirect interest in the Company and the holders of such Class B Member Corporate
Investment Vehicle shall be entitled to sell their outstanding capital stock, other equity interests and outstanding indebtedness of
the Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles as set forth in Section 9.9(a) and this Section 9.9(b) . Such Transfer
may be made through a series of Transfers between any Persons who hold an interest in any Class B Member, directly or indirectly, between
such Class B Member and such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle, as the case may be. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, in connection with any Transfer of equity securities of any Person held by the Company, a Class B Member may direct
the Company to distribute such applicable portion of such equity securities indirectly held by a Class B Member Corporate Investment
Vehicle to such Class B Member in accordance with Section 6.1(a) , a Class B Member may Transfer such equity securities to such
Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle, or through a series of Transfers between any Persons who hold an interest in such Class
B Member, directly or indirectly, between such Class B Member and such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle, as the case may be,
and the holders of such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle shall be entitled to sell their outstanding capital stock, other
equity interests and outstanding indebtedness of such Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles at the same price per equity security
as the equity securities being sold by the Company (such price to be paid to the holders of the debt and equity securities of such Class
B Member Corporate Investment Vehicle). 

46 

(c) If
the Requisite Class B Members approve, or notify the Company of the Requisite Class B Members desire to pursue (or initiate a
process to effect), a Sale of the Company in accordance with Sections 8.5(d) or (e) (an Approved Sale to an unaffiliated Person (and in any event, not including an entity that is an investment vehicle managed by any Class B Member or an
Affiliate of such Class B Member or the general partners of such Class B Member), each Member (including, for these purposes, the owners
of debt or equity securities of Class B Member Corporate Investment Vehicles): (i) shall vote for (if such Member is entitled to vote
thereon), consent to (to the extent required or requested) and raise no objections against such Approved Sale; (ii) waive any dissenters
or appraisal rights with respect to such Approved Sale; (iii) shall not make any claim with respect to or take any action that is reasonably
likely to hinder or cause an adverse effect on such Approved Sale, (iv) to the extent requested by such Class B Member, shall become
a party to, and cause the Company to become party to, any applicable purchase agreement, agreement of merger, consolidation or reorganization,
or other agreement to effect the Sale of the Company, (v) shall take all actions necessary or required to consummate the Sale of Company,
and (vi) the Company and each Member shall consummate such Approved Sale on the terms and conditions so approved. Notwithstanding any
provision of this Agreement to the contrary, no authorization or approval of the Manager or any Member other than the Requisite Class
B Members shall be required to approve and authorize an Approved Sale. In connection with any Approved Sale, the Company, the Manager,
each Subsidiary of the Company, each Representative and each Member (solely in such Person s capacity as such), to the extent within
such Member s control, shall take all necessary or reasonably desirable actions in connection with the consummation of the Approved
Sale and any related transactions (including any auction or competitive bid process in connection with or preceding such Sale of the
Company) as requested by the Requisite Class B Members (at the Company s expense, including: (i) causing the Company to retain
investment bankers and other advisors selected by the Requisite Class B Members; (ii) participating in management meetings and preparing
pitchbooks and confidential information memorandums; (iii) furnishing information and copies of documents; (iv) filing, on behalf of
the Company or the Class B Members, reasonably necessary applications, reports, returns, filings and other documents or instruments with
Governmental Authorities relating to the Company; (v) providing assistance with legal, accounting, tax, financial, benefits and other
forms of due diligence; and (vi) otherwise reasonably cooperating with the Requisite Class B Members (who shall control all decisions
in connection with such Approved Sale by the Requisite Class B Members (including the hiring or terminating of any investment bank or
other professional advisor(s), if any)), the prospective buyer(s), any investment bankers, consultants or other professional advisors
who have been retained in connection with such Approved Sale and their respective representatives. Without limiting the foregoing, the
obligations of each Member with respect to an Approved Sale shall not in any way be limited or otherwise affected by the amount, nature,
form or terms of the consideration to be paid in any Approved Sale, even if such Approved Sale results in no consideration being paid
or payable to such Member. Each Member must agree to make to the proposed transferee substantially the same representations, warranties,
covenants, indemnities and agreements as approved by the Requisite Class B Members and agree to the same conditions as approved by the
Requisite Class B Members (except that, in the case of representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities, agreements and conditions
pertaining specifically to the Class B Members, the other Members shall make comparable representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities
and agreements and shall agree to comparable conditions, in each case to the extent applicable and pertaining specifically to itself
and only to itself); provided , that all representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities and agreements shall be made by the
Members severally and not jointly and provided further, that the liability for indemnification, in addition to being several and not
joint, shall be allocated pro rata based on the decrease in the amount of the aggregate consideration each such Member would receive
in such Sale of the Company if the amount of the aggregate consideration to be distributed was reduced by the aggregate amount of such
obligations (i.e., reverse waterfall), other than as to such liability in respect of the representations and warranties made to the transferee
as to itself and its properties and liability in respect of its performance of its obligations to the transferee, as to which its liability
shall not be limited by such allocation, and as to which no other Member shall have liability unless otherwise agreed in writing. Members 
liability in respect of such transfer will not exceed such Member s Proceeds, except that in the case of potential liability for
fraud or willful misconduct by such Member, such Member shall bear the full liability therefor. 

47 

(d) Each
Member shall promptly take all necessary or reasonably desirable actions requested by the Requisite Class B Members in connection with,
and in order to expeditiously consummate, such Approved Sale and any related transactions, including executing, acknowledging and delivering
transfer agreements, sale agreements, escrow agreements, consents, assignments, customary releases (including general releases (with
customary exclusions), whether relating to the Company or its Affiliates or otherwise), waivers and other documents or instruments. Solely
with respect to any Approved Sale, each Member hereby: (i) appoints Spring Lane or its designee as its representative in connection with
any sale agreement with customary provisions (including the right to resolve any potential indemnification claims or other disputes on
behalf of all (but not less than all) Members, execute and deliver all amendments, waivers, releases, and other documents, necessary,
proper, required, contemplated or deemed advisable by Spring Lane, receive and distribute funds (including in making payments of expenses)
and receiving notices) and (ii) irrevocably grants to, and appoints, Spring Lane or its designee, such Member s proxy and attorney-in-fact
(with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of such Member, to (A) vote the Membership Interests held by
such Member, (B) to grant a consent or approval in respect of such Membership Interests, in connection with any meeting of the Members
or any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting of the Members with respect to an Approved Sale or (C) to transfer such Member s
Membership Interests in the Approved Sale and to execute any purchase (or similar) agreement or other documentation required to consummate
such transfer in the Approved Sale or otherwise required or contemplated by this Section 9.9 . Each Member hereby affirms that
the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Section 9.9(d) is given to secure the performance of the duties of such Member under this
Agreement in connection with an Approved Sale. Each Member hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Section
9.9(d) is coupled with an interest and irrevocable. 

(e) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, at the Requisite Class B Members may determine, in good faith, that the proceeds with respect
to a Sale of the Company may be withheld from any Member pending the execution of the deliveries set forth in Section 9.7 and
 Section 9.9 , as applicable, or that the posting of such Member s pro rata share of any security as the Requisite Class B
Members deem reasonably necessary to cover any purchase price adjustments, indemnification or such other obligations of the Company or
a Member as set forth in this Section 9.9 in connection with such Sale of the Company. 

(f) The
Requisite Class B Members shall, in their sole discretion, decide whether or not to pursue, consummate, postpone or abandon any Approved
Sale and the terms and conditions thereof. None of the Members, the Representatives of any Member nor any of their Affiliates shall have
any liability to any other Members arising from, relating to or in connection with the pursuit, consummation, postponement, abandonment
or terms and conditions of any such Approved Sale except to the extent any such Person shall have failed to comply with the provisions
of this Section 9.9 . To the maximum extent permitted by law, in connection with any Sale of the Company, each Member hereby waives
all claims (including any claims for breach of fiduciary duty (which has been eliminated pursuant to Section 3.5(b) ), but excluding
claims based on fraud, bad faith or willful misconduct) arising out of or related to any Sale of the Company, including claims relating
to the fairness of the Sale of the Company, the price paid for the Membership Interests in such Sale of the Company, the process or timing
of such Sale of the Company, or any similar claims arising from or relating to a Sale of the Company and, without limiting the foregoing,
acknowledges and agrees such Member is not entitled to any dissenter s rights, appraisal rights or similar rights under Section
18-210 of the Act or otherwise. 

(g) In
no manner shall this Section 9.9 be construed to grant to any Member any dissenters rights or appraisal rights or give any Member
any right to vote in any Approved Sale, including any Approved Sale structured as a merger or consolidation and each Member grants to
the Class B Members the sole right to approve or consent to an Approved Sale, including an Approved Sale structured as a merger or consolidation
of the Company, without approval or consent of the Members (other than the Class B Members). 

(h) If
any Member fails to deliver any certificates representing its Membership Interests as required by this Section 9.9 , or in lieu
thereof to deliver, a customary affidavit attesting to the loss or destruction of such certificate(s), upon consummation of the Approved
Sale, such Member will not be entitled to the consideration they would otherwise receive in the Approved Sale until such failure is cured
(provided that, after curing such failure, such Member will be so entitled to such consideration). 

(j) T his
Agreement shall terminate as to the Class A Member, Class B Members and Manager as of the consummation of any Sale of the Company, but
shall survive until any payments due to the Class A Member and the Class A Member from the proceeds of such transaction shall have been
irrevocably paid in full. 

48 

(k) For
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Class A Member nor the Class B Members shall be required to enter into any non-compete in connection
with any sale pursuant to this Section 9.9 . 

Section
9.10 Class A Member Right of First Offer . If at any time during the term of this Agreement the Company or any Class B Member
receives a bona fide offer from a third party to purchase all or substantially all of the assets or outstanding equity interests in the
Company or the Project (collectively, the Covered Transactions ), the Company or the Class B Member(s), as the case
may be, will promptly and in any event within five (5) Business Days deliver to the Developer written notice describing such offer (including
with such notice all material, non-confidential information and material terms thereof) (the ROFO Notice ). Developer
will have the right Right of First Offer ), by written notice to the Company and/or the Class B Members, as the
case may be, within ten (10) Business Days following receipt of the ROFO Notice Exercise Notice to elect to enter
into a transaction with the Company and/or the Class B Members, as the case may be, in lieu of such third party. Developer and the Company
and/or the Class B Members, as the case may be, will close the Transactions not later than forty-five (45) days after the date of the
Exercise Notice or at such other time as the parties may agree in writing. If Developer does not send a timely Exercise Notice to the
Company and/or the Class B Members, as the case may be, then the Company and/or the Class B Members, as the case may be, will have the
right to enter into the original Covered Transaction with the third party that prompted the ROFO Notice; provided that if no transaction
is entered into by the Company and/or the Class B Members, as the case may be, and such third party within one hundred twenty (120) days
after the date of the ROFO Notice, then Developer s Right of First Offer will remain in effect with respect to any offer subsequently
made by or to a third party and the process above will be repeated. Upon the consummation of a Covered Transaction as permitted herein,
the Company and/or the Class B Members, as the case may be, shall provide written notice to the Developer and the Developer s Right
of First Offer shall be terminated. 

ARTICLE
X 

 DISSOLUTION
AND WINDING-UP 

Section
10.1 Events of Dissolution . The Company shall be dissolved upon the first to occur of the following (each a Dissolution
Event ): 

(a) the
written consent of (i) each of the Members or (ii) the Requisite Class B Members pursuant to Section 8.5(a), to dissolve the Company,
but only on the effective date of dissolution specified by the Members or the Requisite Class B Members, as the case may be, in such
writing at the time of such consent; 

(b) entry
of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Act; 

(c) the
issuance of a final, nonappealable court order which makes it unlawful for the business of the Company to be carried on; or 

(d) the
termination of the legal existence of the last remaining Member of the Company or the occurrence of any other event which terminates
the continued membership of the last remaining Member of the Company unless the Company is continued in a manner permitted by this Agreement
or the Act. 

49 

Section
10.2 Distribution of Assets . 

(a) The
Members hereby appoint the Manager to act as the liquidator upon the occurrence of one of the events in Section 10.1 , provided
 that the Requisite Class B Members shall have the right to appoint at any time after such event a replacement liquidator, which may
not be any Class B Member, and such replacement shall serve as the liquidator. Upon the occurrence of such an event, the liquidator will
proceed diligently to wind up the affairs of the Company and make final distributions as provided herein and in the Act. The liquidator
may sell, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the best possible price for, any or all Company property, including
to Members. 

(b) Promptly
after the termination of the Company, the liquidator shall cause to be prepared and furnished to the Members a statement setting forth
the assets and liabilities of the Company as of the date of termination. The liquidator shall liquidate the properties of the Company
in an orderly and businesslike manner as promptly as possible and shall update the Tracking Accounts to allocate the proceeds thereof
(and related liabilities) to the Company in a reasonable manner, and apply and distribute the proceeds thereof in the following order
of priority: 

(i) to
the payment of the expenses of liquidation; 

(ii) to
payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company; 

(iii) to
the establishment of such reserves as the liquidator shall deem reasonably necessary for the contingent or unforeseen obligations of
the Company, said retained funds to be held by said Company for the purpose of distributing such reserves in payment of the contingent
and unforeseen liabilities should they become due and payable, the balance remaining from said retained funds to be distributed to the
Members at such time as the liquidator shall deem advisable; 

(iv) to
the Members as distributions in accordance with Section 6.1(a) . 

(c) The
distribution of cash to a Member in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.2 constitutes a complete return to the Member
of its Capital Contributions and a complete distribution to the Member on its Membership Interests in the Company of all the Company s
property and constitutes a compromise to which all Members have consented within the meaning of Section 18-502(b) of the Act. If the
assets of the Company remaining after the payment or discharge of the debts and liabilities of the Company are insufficient to return
Capital Contributions of each Member, such Member shall have no recourse against the Company or any other Member. 

Section
10.3 In-Kind Distributions . There shall be no distribution of assets of the Company in-kind without the written affirmative
consent of each Member. 

50 

Section
10.4 Certificate of Cancellation . 

(a) When
all debts, liabilities and obligations have been paid and discharged or adequate provisions have been made therefor and all of the remaining
property and assets have been distributed to the Members, a certificate of cancellation shall be executed and filed by the liquidator
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which certificate shall set forth the information required by Section 18-203 of
the Act. 

(b) Upon
the filing of the certificate of cancellation, the existence of the Company shall cease. 

(c) All
costs and expenses in fulfilling the obligations under this Article X shall be borne by the Company. 

ARTICLE
XI 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
11.1 Notices . Unless otherwise provided herein, any offer, acceptance, election, approval, consent, certification, request,
waiver, notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder (collectively referred to as a Notice ),
shall be in writing and delivered (a) in person, (b) by registered or certified mail with postage prepaid and return receipt requested,
(c) by recognized overnight courier service with charges prepaid or (d) by facsimile or electronic mail transmission, directed to the
intended recipient at the address of such Member set forth on Schedule 4.2(d) attached hereto (as applicable) or at such other
address as any Member hereafter may designate to the others in accordance with a Notice under this Section 11.1 . Copies of such
Notices, which shall not constitute notice for purposes of this Agreement, shall be provided by the means noted above to the persons
designated for such copies on such Schedule 4.2(d) . A Notice or other communication will be deemed delivered on the earliest to
occur of (i) its actual receipt when delivered in person, (ii) the fifth (5 th Business Day following its deposit in registered
or certified mail, with postage prepaid, and return receipt requested, (iii) the second (2 nd Business Day following its deposit
with a recognized overnight courier service or (iv) the date of receipt of a facsimile or electronic mail or, if such date of receipt
is not a Business Day, the next Business Day following such date of receipt, provided the sender can and does provide evidence of successful
transmission. Any Notice or other communication received on a day that is not a Business Day or later than 5:00 p.m. on a Business Day
shall be deemed to be received on the next Business Day. 

Section
11.2 Amendment . Except for an amendment of Schedule 4.2(d) hereto in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, an
amendment of Annex I in accordance with Section 3.1(a) , and a Transfer of Membership Interests and the admission of a new Member
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement may only be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified by an
instrument in writing duly executed by each of the Manager and the Requisite Class B Members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement
may not be amended, modified or terminated and the observance of any term hereof may not be waived with respect to any Class B Member
without the written consent of such Class B Member, unless such amendment, modification, termination, or waiver applies to all Class
B Members in the same fashion. No amendment hereto may reduce the rights of, increase the liabilities of or otherwise adversely and disproportionately
affect any Member without the consent of such Member. 

51 

Section
11.3 Partition . Each of the Members hereby irrevocably waives, to the extent it may lawfully do so, any right that such Member
may have to maintain any action for partition with respect to the Company property. 

Section
11.4 Waivers and Modifications . Any waiver or consent, express, implied or deemed, to or of any breach or default by any Person
in the performance by that Person of its obligations with respect to the Company or any action inconsistent with this Agreement is not
a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by that Person of the same or any other obligations of that
Person with respect to the Company or any other such action. Failure on the part of a Person to insist in any one or more instances upon
strict performance of any provisions of this Agreement, to take advantage of any of its rights hereunder, or to declare any Person in
default with respect to the Company, irrespective of how long that failure continues, does not constitute a waiver by that Person of
its rights with respect to that Person or its rights with respect to that default until the applicable statute of limitations period
has lapsed. All waivers and consents hereunder shall be in writing duly executed by the mutual consent of the Members and shall be delivered
to the other Members in the manner set forth in Section 11.1 . 

Section
11.5 Severability . Except as otherwise provided in the next succeeding sentence, every term and provision of this Agreement
is intended to be severable, and if any term or provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to illegal
or invalid, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the legality or validity of the remainder of this Agreement. 

Section
11.6 Successors; No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is binding on and inures to the benefit of the Members and their
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement shall provide any benefit to any
third party (other than the Company) or entitle any third party (other than the Company) to any claim, cause of action, remedy or right
of any kind, it being the intent of the Members that this Agreement shall not be construed as a third-party beneficiary contract. To
the full extent permitted by law, no creditor or other third party having dealings with the Company shall have the right to pursue any
other right or remedy hereunder or at law or in equity, it being understood and agreed that the provisions of this Agreement shall be
solely for the benefit of, and may be enforced solely by, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. None
of the rights or obligations of the Members herein set forth to make Capital Contributions or loans to the Company shall be deemed an
asset of the Company for any purpose by any creditor or other third party. 

Section
11.7 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, including the schedules attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference, constitutes
the entire agreement of the Members with respect to the matters covered herein. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and oral
understandings among the parties hereto with respect to such matters. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Existing LLCA shall
be deemed amended and restated and superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement, and shall be of no further force or effect. 

Section
11.8 Governing Law . This Agreement and all matters arising out of or in connection herewith shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle that might refer the governance
or construction of this Agreement to the law of another jurisdiction. The Members irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of any state or federal court in the State of Delaware with respect to any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any such
Dispute. Each Member irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any action, suit or proceeding hereunder. 

52 

Section
11.9 Further Assurances . In connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, each Member shall execute
and deliver any additional documents and instruments and perform any additional acts that may be reasonably required or useful to carry
out the intent and purpose of this Agreement and as are not inconsistent with the terms hereof. 

Section
11.10 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which may be delivered by facsimile
transmission or electronically in .PDF format and each of which shall be an original but all of which together will constitute one instrument,
binding upon all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all of such parties may not have executed the same counterpart. Delivery of an
electronic counterpart shall be effective as manual delivery thereof. 

Section
11.11 Dispute Resolution . 

(a) This
 Section 11.11 shall apply to any dispute arising under or related to this Agreement (whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise,
and whether arising at law or in equity), including (a) any dispute regarding the construction, interpretation, performance, validity
or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement or whether any Person is in compliance with, or breach of, any provisions of this
Agreement, and (b) the applicability of this Section 11.11 to a particular dispute. Any dispute to which this Section 11.11
 applies is referred to herein as a Dispute . With respect to a particular Dispute, each Member that is a party
to such Dispute is referred to herein as a Disputing Member . 

(b) If
a Dispute arises, the Disputing Members shall attempt to resolve such Dispute through the following procedure: (i) first, the representatives
of each of the Disputing Members shall promptly meet (whether by phone or in person) in a good faith attempt to resolve the Dispute;
(ii) second, if the Dispute is still unresolved after twenty (20) calendar days following the commencement of the negotiations described
in Section 11.11(b)(i) , then the designated executive officer of each Disputing Member shall meet (whether by phone or in person)
in a good faith attempt to resolve the Dispute; and (iii) third, if the Dispute is still unresolved after ten (10) calendar days following
the commencement of the negotiations described in clause (ii), then any Disputing Member may seek any and all remedies available to it
at law or in equity; provided, however, that if the subject matter of a Dispute is primarily of an accounting or financial nature, or
is related to the calculation of any amounts or the determination of the amount or proportionate allocation of any distribution, any
such Dispute (a Calculation Dispute shall be referred for adjudication to a firm of certified public accountants
of national or regional repute mutually acceptable to the Members (the Independent Calculation Agent ), and the determination
of the Independent Calculation Agent shall be binding. The fees and expenses of the Independent Calculation Agent shall be borne 50 
by the Company and 50 by the Member that is the substantially non-prevailing Party. 

53 

Section
11.12 Confidentiality and Publicity. 

(a) Confidential
Information . Subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 11.12 , the Members shall, and shall cause their Affiliates
and their respective stockholders, members, Subsidiaries and Representatives to, hold confidential all information they may receive from
or on behalf of the other Members concerning the Class A Member, Developer, the Class B Members, the Company, the other parties to the
Project Documents, and their respective assets, business, operations or prospects or this Agreement (the Confidential Information );
provided, that Confidential Information shall not include information that (i) becomes generally available to the public other than as
a result of a disclosure by a recipient Member or any of its Representatives, or (ii) becomes available to a recipient Member or any
of its Representatives on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure by the Company or its Representatives. In addition, each Member
acknowledges its obligations under the United States federal securities laws. If a party becomes compelled by legal or administrative
process to disclose any Confidential Information, such party shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, provide the other Members
with prompt Notice so that the other Members may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the non-disclosure
provisions of this Section 11.12 with respect to the information required to be disclosed. If such protective order or other remedy
is not obtained, or such other Members waive compliance with the non-disclosure provisions of this Section 11.12 with respect
to the information required to be disclosed, the first party shall furnish only that portion of such information that it is advised,
by opinion of counsel, is legally required to be furnished and shall exercise reasonable efforts, at the disclosing Member s expense,
to obtain reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information. 

(b) Disclosure
to Representatives . Notwithstanding Section 11.12(a) , a Member may disclose Confidential Information received by it to its
employees, consultants, legal counsel, lenders or other agents who have a need to know such information in connection with the Transaction
Documents; provided that such Member informs each such Person who has access to the Confidential Information of the confidential nature
of such Confidential Information, the terms of this Agreement, and that such terms apply to them, and the Member shall be responsible
for the disclosure by any such Person in violation of this Section 11.12 . 

(c) Disclosure
by Member . Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 11.12 but subject to Section 11.12(d) , Members may
disclose Confidential Information to any of its Affiliates, its current or prospective direct or indirect investors and equity owners,
prospective lenders and, provided such Persons are party to a reasonable non-disclosure agreement, to prospective parties to a Sale of
the Company or prospective parties to one or more transactions pursuant to Section 9.7, Section 9.8 or Section 9.9 . 

(d) Publicity .
No Member shall may make any public announcement or issue any press release respecting the Company, the transaction contemplated by the
Transaction Documents, or any Project, that references the other Member or any of its Affiliates without the consent of such other Member. 

Section
11.13 Joint Efforts . To the fullest extent permitted by law, neither this Agreement nor any ambiguity or uncertainty herein
will be construed against or in favor of any of the parties hereto, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise, by virtue of
the fact that such party had primary drafting responsibility for such Agreement. On the contrary, this Agreement has been prepared by
the joint efforts of the respective attorneys for, and has been reviewed by, each of the parties hereto. 

Section
11.14 Recourse Only to Party . The sole recourse of the Company for performance of the obligations of any party hereto shall
be against such party and its assets and not against any assets or property of any present or future stockholder, partner, member, officer,
employee, servant, executive, director, agent, authorized representative or Affiliate thereof. 

Section
11.15 Rule of Interpretation Regarding Manager Deliveries . Whenever in this Agreement the Manager is required to deliver or
 make available to the Members any draft, report, document, instrument, or copy of any of the foregoing (including any revisions
to any of the foregoing, and to Tracking Accounts) (collectively deliverables the posting of any such deliverable to a
secure electronic dataroom maintained by or at the behest of Manager and to which the Members have access, shall in all respects constitute
such document having been delivered or made available. 

Section
11.16 Effectiveness. Upon execution of this Agreement by the Parties, the Existing LLCA shall be deemed amended and restated and
superseded and replaced in its entirety by this Agreement. 

[REMAINDER
OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

54 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties, each a Member, have caused this Limited Liability Company Agreement to be signed by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY : 

Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO SOLUNA DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties, each a Member, have caused this Limited Liability Company Agreement to be signed by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

DEVELOPER: 

Soluna
 DV Devco, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO SOLUNA DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties, each a Member, have caused this Limited Liability Company Agreement to be signed by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

SPRING
 LANE: 

Soluna
 SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO SOLUNA DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties, each a Member, have caused this Limited Liability Company Agreement to be signed by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

PARENT: 

SOLUNA
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO SOLUNA DVSL COMPUTECO, LLC 

 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

Annex
I 

Members
and Membership Interests 

Class
 A Member 
 
 Number
 of Class A 
 Membership
 Interests 
 Owned 

Percentage
 of Class A 
 Membership
 Interests 
 Owned 

Name:
 Soluna DV Devco, LLC 
 
 Address: 
 325
 Washington Ave. Extension 
 Albany,
 NY 12205 
 518-218-2550 
 
 Attention:
 CFO 
 
 Email:
 DVnotice@soluna.io 

100 
 
 100 

Class
 B Members 
 
 Number
 of Class B 
 Membership
 Interests 
 Owned 

Percentage
 of Class B 
 Membership
 Interests 
 Owned 

Name:
 Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC 
 
 Address: 
 100
 Cambridge Street 
 Suite
 1802 
 Boston,
 MA 02114 
 Attention:
 Rob Day 
 Email:
 rob@springlanecapital.com 

39,719,988 
 
 85.4 
 
 Name:
 Soluna Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Address: 
 325
 Washington Ave. Extension 
 Albany,
 NY 12205 
 518-218-2550 
 
 Attention:
 CFO 
 
 Email:
 DVnotice@soluna.io 

6,790,537 
 
 14.6 
 
 TOTAL: 
 
 46,510,525 
 
 100.00 

Copies
of Notices to the Class A Member (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

 Norton
Rose Fulbright US LLP 

 1301
Avenue of the Americas 

 New
York, New York 10019-6022 

 Attention:
Christine Brozynski 

Copies
of Notices to the Class B Members (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

 Mintz,
Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky Popeo, P.C. 

 One
Financial Center 

 Boston,
MA 02111 

 Attention:
Sahir Surmeli and Ayaz Shaikh 

Annex I- 1 

Schedule
4.2(d 

Initial
Capital Accounts 

Member Name 
 Initial Capital 
 Contribution 
 Capital Account 
 Balance 
 Percentage Interest 
 
 Soluna DV Devco, LLC 
 100 
 100 
 100 of the Class A Membership Interests 
 
 Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC 
 3,851,317.42 
 3,851,317.42 
 32.2 of the Class B Membership Interests 
 
 Soluna Holdings, Inc. 
 8,112,548.64 (1) 
 8,112,548.64 
 67.8 of the Class B Membership Interests 

(1) 
 8,112,548.64
 of which has been deemed to be contributed to the Company by Parent through payment of capital expenditures and development costs
 made on behalf of the Company by Parent prior to the date hereof. 

Current
Capital Accounts 

Member Name 
 Capital Contribution 
 Capital Account 
 Balance 
 Percentage Interest 
 
 Soluna DV Devco, LLC 
 100 
 100 
 100 of the Class A Membership Interests 
 
 Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 85.4 of the Class B Membership Interests 
 
 Soluna Holdings, Inc. 
 (1)(2) 
 (1)(3) 
 14.6 of the Class B Membership Interests 

(1) 
 To be determined
 by Spring Lane and the Parent and agreed upon in writing no later than March 31, 2023. 

(2) 
 8,112,548.64 of which
 has been deemed to be contributed to the Company by Parent through payment of capital expenditures and development costs made on
 behalf of the Company by Parent prior to the date hereof. 

(3) 
 Parent s Capital
 Account Balance shall not exceed 14.6 of the total Capital Account Balance attributable to the Class B Members. 

Schedule 4.2(d)- 1 

Schedule
9.2(i 

Prohibited
Class B Entities 

1. 
 Compute
 North LLC and its Affiliates 

2. 
 Lancium
 Technologies Corporation and its Affiliates 

3. 
 Priority
 Power Management, LLC and its Affiliates 

4. 
 Rhodium
 Enterprises, Inc. and its Affiliates 

5. 
 Marathon
 Digital Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates 

Schedule 4.2(d)- 2 

Exhibit
A 

FORM
OF CLASS A MEMBERSHIP INTEREST CERTIFICATE 

 Soluna
DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, 

 a
Delaware limited liability company 

THIS
CERTIFICATE EVIDENCES A CLASS A MEMBERSHIP INTEREST IN Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC AND SHALL BE A SECURITY FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE
8 OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AS IN EFFECT IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE. THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF SO REGISTERED AND QUALIFIED
OR IF AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION EXISTS. 

No.
[__] 

THIS
CERTIFIES THAT [________] is the owner of [_______ (___)] fully paid and non-assessable Class A Membership Interests (as defined
in the LLC Agreement referred to herein) in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company and certain other rights in connection therewith in the Company, as set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement
of the Company, dated as of August 5, 2022, as amended, restated, modified and supplemented from time to time (the LLC Agreement ).
Such Class A Membership Interests are not transferable except as provided in the LLC Agreement and are otherwise subject to the terms
and conditions of the LLC Agreement. 

THIS
CERTIFICATE is not negotiable or transferable except in connection with the transfer of the Class A Membership Interests evidenced
hereby as provided in and in accordance with the LLC Agreement; provided , however , that this Certificate, when coupled
with an assignment in the form set forth on the reverse hereof or attached hereto or otherwise sufficient to convey an interest in the
Company, duly executed in blank or assigned to the named assignee, may be deposited with the Secretary of the Company and shall constitute
direction by the registered owner of this Certificate to the Secretary to register the change of ownership of the Class A Membership
Interests evidenced hereby to such assignee and to issue a new Certificate reflecting such change of ownership to such assignee subject
to any restrictions on Transfer in the LLC Agreement. The Class A Membership Interests in the Company shall constitute securities 
within the meaning of (i) Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Delaware and (ii) the
law of any other applicable jurisdiction that presently or hereafter is substantially similar to such Article 8. 

This
Certificate has been executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company and the issuance recorded in its limited liability company
books as of the [__] day of [___________], 20[_]. 

Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, 

a
 Delaware limited liability company 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

[(REVERSE
OF CERTIFICATE)] 

ASSIGNMENT
OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Assignor hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfer unto 

(Please
 insert taxpayer identification 
 number
 of Assignee) 
 
 (Please
 print name and address) 

all
rights and interest of the Assignor in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC represented by Certificate No. [__] and irrevocably constitutes and
appoints __________________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution in the premises to transfer the same on the books
of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC. 

Dated: 

[________________], 

a
 [_________________] 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF SO REGISTERED AND QUALIFIED OR IF AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION EXISTS. 

FORM
OF CLASS B MEMBERSHIP INTEREST CERTIFICATE 

 Soluna
DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, 

 a
Delaware limited liability company 

THIS
CERTIFICATE EVIDENCES A CLASS B MEMBERSHIP INTEREST IN Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC AND SHALL BE A SECURITY FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE
8 OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AS IN EFFECT IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE. THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF SO REGISTERED AND QUALIFIED
OR IF AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION EXISTS. 

No.
[__] 

THIS
CERTIFIES THAT [________] is the owner of [_______ (___)] fully paid and non-assessable Class B Membership Interests (as defined
in the LLC Agreement referred to herein) in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company and certain other rights in connection therewith in the Company, as set forth in the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement
of the Company, dated as of August 5, 2022, as amended, restated, modified and supplemented from time to time (the LLC Agreement ).
Such Class B Membership Interests are not transferable except as provided in the LLC Agreement and are otherwise subject to the terms
and conditions of the LLC Agreement. 

THIS
CERTIFICATE is not negotiable or transferable except in connection with the transfer of the Class B Membership Interests evidenced
hereby as provided in and in accordance with the LLC Agreement; provided , however , that this Certificate, when coupled
with an assignment in the form set forth on the reverse hereof or attached hereto or otherwise sufficient to convey an interest in the
Company, duly executed in blank or assigned to the named assignee, may be deposited with the Secretary of the Company and shall constitute
direction by the registered owner of this Certificate to the Secretary to register the change of ownership of the Class B Membership
Interests evidenced hereby to such assignee and to issue a new Certificate reflecting such change of ownership to such assignee subject
to any restrictions on Transfer in the LLC Agreement. The Class B Membership Interests in the Company shall constitute securities 
within the meaning of (i) Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Delaware and (ii) the
law of any other applicable jurisdiction that presently or hereafter is substantially similar to such Article 8. 

This
Certificate has been executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company and the issuance recorded in its limited liability company
books as of the [__] day of [___________], 20[_]. 

Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, 

a
 Delaware limited liability company 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

[(REVERSE
OF CERTIFICATE)] 

ASSIGNMENT
OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Assignor hereby assigns, conveys, sells and transfer unto 

(Please
 insert taxpayer identification 
 
 (Please
 print name and address) 
 
 number
 of Assignee) 

all
rights and interest of the Assignor in Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC represented by Certificate No. [__] and irrevocably constitutes and
appoints __________________ as its attorney-in-fact with full power of substitution in the premises to transfer the same on the books
of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC. 

Dated: 

[________________], 

a
 [_________________] 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF SO REGISTERED AND QUALIFIED OR IF AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION EXISTS. 

Exhibit
B 

 FORM
OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

This
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of this [__] day of [_________], by and among [____________________],
a [_____________] (the Assignor and [____________________], a [_____________] (the Assignee ). Capitalized
terms used in this Agreement but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the LLC Agreement (defined
below). 

RECITALS: 

WHEREAS ,
the Assignor is a Class [_] Member of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ); 

WHEREAS ,
 Article IX of the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, dated as of March
8, 2023 (the LLC Agreement by and among the Members party thereto, permits, under certain circumstances, the Transfer
of the Assignor s Membership Interest in the Company; 

WHEREAS ,
the Assignor has agreed to sell, grant, convey, transfer, assign and deliver to the Assignee (or its designee), and the Assignee has
agreed to purchase, accept and assume (or will cause its designee to purchase, accept and assume), all [or a portion thereof] of the
rights, duties and obligations of the Assignor with respect to its Membership Interest in the Company. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , for value received, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, receipt
and sufficiency thereof being hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Assignment .
The Assignor hereby irrevocably sells, grants, conveys, transfers, assigns, and delivers unto Assignee (or its designee), without recourse
to the Assignor, all [or a portion thereof] of the Assignor s rights, title and interest in and to Assignor s Membership
Interest in the Company (the Assigned Interest ). The Assignor hereby irrevocably delegates, without recourse by
Assignee to the Assignor, any and all duties, obligations, responsibilities, claims, demands and other commitments in connection with
the Assigned Interest, as applicable, unto Assignee. 

Acceptance
of Assignment . Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases, accepts and assumes the Assigned Interest and from the date hereof agrees to
be admitted to the Company as a Member of the Company, to perform and be bound by all the terms, conditions and covenants of and assumes
the duties and obligations of the Assignor with respect to the Assigned Interest. 

Representations
and Warranties of Assignor . The Assignor hereby represents and warrants to the Assignee as follows: 

The
Assignor (i) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation; (ii) is in good
standing under such laws; and (iii) has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

Exhibit B- 1 

The
rights and duties assigned by the Assignor pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to any prior sale, transfer, assignment or participation
by the Assignor or any agreement to assign, convey, transfer or participate, in whole or in part. 

Representations
and Warranties of Assignee . The Assignee hereby represents and warrants to the Assignor as follows: 

The
Assignee (i) is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation; (ii) is in good
standing under such laws; (iii) has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

LLC
Agreement Requirements . 

Assignee s
notice address for purposes of the LLC Agreement is: [___________________]. 

Assignee
hereby ratifies the LLC Agreement and confirms that the representations, warranties and covenants in Section 3.9[(a)][c] 1 
of the LLC Agreement are and will be true and correct with respect to Assignee as of the Effective Date and the date hereof. 

Assignee
hereby assumes and agrees to perform each of the covenants of the Assignor from and after the date of this Agreement. 

Each
of Assignor and Assignee hereby represents and warrants that the Transfer contemplated by this Agreement is in accordance with all Applicable
Laws and does not violate any provision of applicable securities laws. 

Each
of Assignor and Assignee hereby represents and warrants that the Transfer contemplated by this Agreement will not (i) violate any securities
laws or any other applicable federal or state laws or the order of any court having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets
or any Project; or (ii) cause the Company to be classified as a corporation or publicly traded partnership for federal income tax purposes. 

Admission .
The admission of Assignor shall be effective upon (a) the execution by Assignor and Assignee of this Agreement, the delivery of the respective
counterpart signature pages to the other party; and (b) the execution and delivery by Assignee of a Joinder Agreement, to the Company,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

Further
Assurances . The Assignor agrees to execute and deliver to the Assignee such further instruments as the Assignee may deem necessary
to make effective this Agreement and the covenants contained herein. 

Severability .
The invalidity of unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
hereof, each of which shall remain in full force and effect. 

Conflicts .
In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the LLC Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the LLC Agreement
shall govern. 

Third
Party Beneficiaries . For purposes of Sections 3 , 4 and 5 of this Agreement, the Company and each of its Members
are express third-party beneficiaries. Such rights are in addition to the Company s and Members rights under the LLC Agreement,
none of which are waived. 

Governing
Law . THIS AGREEMENT, AND MATTERS ARISING IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, INCLUDING THE INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND ENFORCEABILITY
HEREOF, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULE OR
PRINCIPLE THAT MIGHT REFER THE GOVERNANCE OR CONSTRUCTION OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 

Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall constitute an original,
but all of which counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

[REMAINDER
OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

1
 Contingent on whether Transferor is a Class A or Class B Member. 

Exhibit B- 2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have each caused this Assignment and Assumption Agreement to be duly executed by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date set forth above. 

ASSIGNOR 

[ 
 
 ], 

a[ 
 
 ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ASSIGNEE: 

[ ], 

a [ ] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit B- 3 

EXHIBIT
A 

 TO
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

FORM
OF JOINDER AGREEMENT 

Reference
is hereby made to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC (the Company ),
dated as of March 8, 2023, as may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time (the LLC Agreement ).
The undersigned hereby agrees to be joined as a member of the Company and agrees to be bound by each of the terms and conditions of the
LLC Agreement pursuant to and in accordance with Article IX thereof. 

This
Joinder to Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC (this Joinder is made by the undersigned as of the [__] day of [________] (the Effective Date ), and shall be made a part of the
LLC Agreement and attached thereto as of the Effective Date. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder as of the Effective Date. 

[ _________________________________], 

 a
[ ________________________________] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit B- 4 

</EX-10.65>

<EX-10.66>
 5
 ex10-66.htm

Exhibit 10.66 

Execution Version 

LEASE
AGREEMENT 

(Briscoe
County, Texas) 

THIS
LEASE AGREEMENT (this Lease is made and executed as of February 24, 2023 (the Execution Date by Alice Faye Grabbe Owner ), and Soluna DV Services, LLC , a Nevada limited liability company Tenant ),
and in connection herewith Owner and Tenant agree, covenant and contract as follows: 

RECITALS: 

A. Owner
is the owner of that certain 33.19 acres of real property located in Briscoe County, Texas more particularly described on Exhibit
A-2 (the Leased Property ), which is a portion of that certain real property more particularly described in Exhibit
A-1 attached to and made a part of this Lease (the Overall Property ), and all other rights, title, interests,
privileges and appurtenances pertaining to the Leased Property, including any and all right, title and interest in and to adjacent public
roads, necessary for ingress, egress and maintenance of the Data Facilities (as defined below). 

B. Tenant
desires to lease from Owner and Owner desires to lease to Tenant the Leased Property, in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Lease. 

C. Owner
is the current party in interest to that certain Lease and Easement Agreement, effective as of October 20, 2014 with Owner, as owner,
and Briscoe Wind Farm, LLC, as tenant Wind Tenant ), such lease being further evidenced by that certain Memorandum
of Lease Agreement executed October 20, 2014 between Owner and Wind Tenant, recorded in the Official Public Records of Briscoe County,
Texas, as Volume 39 and Page No. 327 (the Existing Lease ), pursuant to which Owner leases to Wind Tenant the Overall
Property; provided however, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Lease, Owner shall amend the Existing Lease as described
in Section 5.3(a) below. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and benefits herein contained and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

Section
1. Lease . Owner hereby leases to Tenant the Leased Property, Tenant hereby leases the Leased Property from Owner, upon and subject
to the terms and conditions hereof. This Lease contemplates that one or more Data Facilities may be developed, constructed and operated
on the Leased Property. 

Section
2. Purpose and Scope of Lease . Beginning on the Commencement Date and continuing until the early termination or expiration of
the Term, the Tenant shall have the right to use the Leased Property in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Lease for
the construction, installation, development, improvement, maintenance, operation, repair, replacement, relocation and removal of one
or more Data Facilities and to operate any and all Tenant installed or leased buildings, improvements, fixtures, facilities,
infrastructure, machinery or equipment that Tenant deems necessary for the benefit of the Data Facilities (collectively,
 Tenant s Improvements ). Data Facilities shall mean one or more modular data centers
on a modular data center farm and all ancillary buildings, facilities and improvements related thereto. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Tenant shall have the following rights and privileges under this Lease: 

(a) the
right to undertake any such purposes or other activities on the Leased Property, whether accomplished by Tenant or a third party authorized
by Tenant, that Tenant reasonably determines are necessary, useful or appropriate to accomplish any of the purposes or uses of the Lease
or that are compatible with such purposes or uses; and 

(b) the
right to install Tenant s Improvements on the Leased Property without Owner s consent. 

Section
3. Delivery of Premises . Owner shall deliver the Leased Property to Tenant in its as- is condition as of the Execution
Date. 

Section
4. Exclusiveness; Existing Lease . Except for the rights granted to the Wind Tenant under the Existing Lease, as amended by the
Existing Lease Amendment, this Lease and Tenant s rights, privileges and obligations hereunder shall be exclusive with respect
to the Leased Property. With respect to the Leased Property, Owner shall not amend, supplement or otherwise modify the Existing Lease,
as amended by the Existing Lease Amendment, without Tenant s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, if such amendment,
supplement or modification would reasonably be expected to adversely affect Tenant s rights under this Lease. For the avoidance
of doubt, no Tenant consent shall be required for an amendment to the Existing Lease that does not apply to the Leased Property. 

Section
5. Term . 

5.1 Early
Access Agreement . Owner and Tenant have entered into that certain Early Access Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2022, as amended
by that certain First Amendment to Early Access Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2022,that certain Second Amendment to Early Access Agreement,
dated as of August 5, 2022, and that certain Third Amendment to Early Access Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022, pursuant to which
Tenant can access and improve the Leased Property pursuant to the terms thereof (as amended, the Access Agreement ). 

5.2 Operative
Documents . In the event the parties fail to execute the Operative Documents (as defined below) within six (6) months of the Execution
Date or any of the other conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.3 are not achieved at such time and Tenant has not waived
the satisfaction of such condition precedent in accordance with Section 5.3 , Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease
upon written notice to Owner at any time following the expiration of such six (6)-month period. Operative Documents 
shall mean that certain Wind Power Purchase Agreement by and between Wind Tenant and Golden Spread Electric Cooperative, Inc. (the PPA ),
that certain Cooperation Agreement, by and between Tenant, certain affiliates of Tenant identified therein, and Wind Tenant (the Cooperation
Agreement ), and that certain Agreement For Electric Service To Soluna DV Services, LLC, between Tenant and Lighthouse Electric
Cooperative, Inc., each of which are under negotiation among the parties thereto, and any other documents, agreements and certificates
related thereto. 

2 

5.3 Conditions
Precedent . This Lease and the rights and obligations of Tenant and Owner hereunder are expressly conditioned on the following conditions
being met. 

(a) Existing
Lease . Owner shall have entered into an amendment to the Existing Lease in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the
 Existing Lease Amendment ), which confirms that: (i) Wind Tenant will not construct any new improvements on the Leased
Property other than any improvements required to replace or operate and maintain Wind Tenant s existing improvements located on
the Leased Property, (ii) Wind Tenant shall not interfere with the development, construction, installation, maintenance or operation
by Tenant of the Data Facilities or any of Tenant s Improvements on the Leased Property, and (iii) Wind Tenant shall have no rights
under the Existing Lease as to the Leased Property other the rights expressly reserved by Wind Tenant to the Leased Property in the Existing
Lease, as amended by the Existing Lease Amendment. Owner shall deliver a fully-executed copy of the Existing Lease Amendment to Tenant. 

(b) Operative
Documents . The Operative Documents shall have been executed by the parties thereto. Tenant may not waive the condition precedent
set forth in Section 5.3(b) without Wind Tenant s prior written consent. This provision is for the express benefit of and
shall be enforceable by Wind Tenant. 

(c) Substation
Easement . Tenant and Owner shall have entered into that certain Grant of Easement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
D (the Easement ), and such Grant of Easement shall have been recorded in the official records of Briscoe County,
Texas. 

5.4 Initial
Term Extended Term . The initial term of this Lease shall commence on the date (the Commencement Date on which all conditions set forth in Section 5.3 have been met. Following the Commencement Date and following the Service Date
(as defined below), at the request of either party, the parties shall enter into a memorandum of lease, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the parties, confirming the Commencement Date, the Service Date and the expiration date of the Initial Term, as applicable,
provided, however, the failure of Owner or Tenant, or both, to execute and deliver such memorandum shall not affect the Commencement
Date or expiration date. The initial term shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue until the date that is the fifth
(5 th anniversary of the Service Date (the Initial Term ), unless terminated sooner in accordance with
the terms of this Lease. Promptly following the Service Date, Tenant shall notify Owner in writing that the Service Date has occurred.
The Initial Term shall automatically extend for five (5) additional one (1) year periods (each, an Extended Term ),
unless terminated sooner in accordance with the terms of this Lease or unless terminated by Lessee by written notice delivered to Owner
at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Initial Term or then-applicable Extended Term, as the case may be. The Extended Terms,
if any should occur, shall commence on the day following the expiration of the Initial Term, or Extended Term, as applicable, and continue
until the date that is one (1) year after the first day of such Extended Term. The terms and conditions set forth in this Lease shall
remain in effect during each Extended Term. The Initial Term and each Extended Term (if applicable) shall be collectively referred to
as the Term . Service Date shall mean the earlier of (i) the date that is one (1) year after
the Effective Date under and as defined in the PPA and (ii) the Service Date under and as defined in the PPA. 

3 

Section
6. Lease Payments . In consideration of the rights granted under this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Owner the amounts (the Rent
Payment set forth in Schedule 1 Payment Schedule attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference for all purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Lease, Tenant shall have no further liability to make any
payments that accrue under this Lease, following termination or expiration of this Lease in accordance with its terms. 

Section
7. Reserved 

Section
8. Tenant s Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Tenant hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Owner as follows: 

8.1 Tenant s
Authority . Tenant has full power, authority, capacity and legal right to enter into, execute and deliver this Lease. Each person
signing this Lease on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so. This Lease constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement enforceable
against Tenant in accordance with its terms. 

8.2 Legal
Status/Approvals . Tenant (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of organization
or formation; (b) is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in the state of Texas; and (c) has full power and authority
to lease the Leased Property and carry on its business as now conducted. Tenant has all necessary approvals, governmental and otherwise,
to execute and deliver this Lease and the execution and delivery of this Lease by Tenant will not place Tenant in default of any agreements
to which Tenant is a party or bound. 

8.3 Requirements
of Governmental Agencies . Tenant shall have the right in its sole discretion, to contest by appropriate legal proceedings, brought
in the name of Tenant or in the names of both Tenant and Owner where appropriate or required, the validity or applicability to the Leased
Property or any Data Facility of any law, ordinance, statute, order, regulation, tax or the like now or hereafter made or issued by any
governmental agency or entity. Owner shall cooperate in every reasonable way in such contest, at no out-of-pocket expense to Owner. Any
such contest or proceeding, including any maintained in the name of Owner, shall be controlled and directed by Tenant. 

8.4 Liens .
Tenant shall keep the Leased Property free and clear of all liens and claims of liens for labor and services performed on, and materials,
supplies or equipment furnished to the Leased Property for Tenant s use or benefit; provided, however, that if such a lien does
arise, Tenant has a right to contest such lien and Tenant, within thirty (30) days after it receives notice of the filing of such lien,
either bonds around such lien or establishes appropriate reserves therefore, or, otherwise, removes such lien from the Leased Property
pursuant to applicable law, in which case Tenant shall not be deemed to have breached this Section 8.4 . Nothing in this Section
8.4 or this Lease shall be construed to prohibit Tenant from granting one or more liens on all or any portion of Tenant s right,
title or interest under this Lease as security for the repayment of any indebtedness and/or the performance of any obligation relating
in whole or in part to any of the Data Facilities. 

4 

8.5
 Hazardous Materials . Tenant will comply with any federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations relating, to the generation,
manufacture, production, use, storage, release or threatened release, discharge, disposal, transportation or presence of any substance,
material or waste which is now or hereafter classified as hazardous or toxic, or which is regulated under current or future federal,
state or local laws or regulations (each such substance, material and waste, Hazardous Materials in each case by
Tenant or any Tenant Parties in, on, under or about the Leased Property. In conformance with the requirements of applicable law and to
the extent required to comply with applicable law, Tenant shall clean up, remove, remedy and repair any soil or ground water contamination
and damage caused by the release or disposal of any Hazardous Materials by Tenant or any Tenant Parties in, on, under, or about the Leased
Property. Tenant shall immediately give Owner written notice of any breach of this Section or upon learning of the presence of any release
or suspected release of any Hazardous Materials which may affect the Leased Property. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Lease, in no event shall Tenant have any obligation or liability under this Lease in respect of any Hazardous Materials brought upon,
stored, used, generated, released or disposed of on, under, from or about the Leased Property or the Overall Property (i) prior to the
date of delivery of the Leased Property to Tenant, or (ii) by Owner, or its agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants, representatives
or invitees, or (iii) by any other tenant of the Overall Property,
or such other tenant s agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants, representatives or invitees. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Lease, in no event shall Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants, representatives or
invitees be deemed to have permitted Hazardous Materials to be brought upon, stored, used, generated, released, disposed of or otherwise
be present on, under, from or about the Leased Property (including without limitation the soil and groundwater thereunder) for any Hazardous
Materials that have migrated to the Leased Property from any location off the Leased Property. 

8.6 Estoppel
Certificate by Tenant . Tenant shall at any time, up to twice per year, within fifteen (15) days after a written request by Owner,
execute and deliver to Owner a commercially reasonable written statement certifying that this Lease is in full force and effect (or modified
and stating the modification). Such statement shall also state that, to Tenant s knowledge, there are no defaults existing at the
time of execution of the statement, or (to the extent applicable) if existing, the nature of such defaults. 

8.7 Gates
and Fences . 

(a) [Intentionally omitted.] 

(b)
Tenant acknowledges that Owner has a right to maintain locks on all exterior gates, provided that Owner shall provide Tenant with a
key or with the combination to such locks and provided further that Tenant shall at all times have access to the Leased Property.
Tenant shall have the right to install gates within the Leased Property where necessary or useful in connection with Tenant s
use of the Leased Property. When installing a gate within Owner s existing fence on the Leased Property, Tenant agrees to make
or cause to be made such fence cuts, braces, and repairs that will be permanent and remain functional for the remaining life of the
fences of which they are part and become incorporated within. Should such cuts, braces, repairs or cattle guards as made by Tenant
or Tenant s personnel become weakened or prove to be insecure or inadequate by reason of improper installation or fabrication
and occur over and above normal wear, tear and use, Owner shall notify Tenant in writing. Tenant shall make or cause to be made
adequate repairs or replacements of any such insecure or inadequate fencing, bracing, cattle guards or gates made by Tenant
or Tenant s personnel within ten (10) days of receiving notice thereof from Owner, weather permitting; provided,
however , that in the event Owner deems it necessary to effect any such repairs or replacements without notice to Tenant because
of the imminent escape or loss of livestock, Owner shall be authorized to effect any such repairs or replacements, and to be
reimbursed by Tenant for the reasonable, actual, out-of-pocket costs incurred by Owner in this regard for reasonable and necessary
materials and labor. Tenant shall, and shall cause its authorized representatives to, promptly close and lock all gates opened by
Tenant or its authorized representatives on the Leased Property in connection with their activities under this Lease. 

5 

8.8 Roads
and Soil Surfaces . Should Tenant exercise its right under this Lease to construct or improve any road, lane, or route on the Leased
Property (each a Road ), Tenant shall consider any locations suggested by Owner when evaluating the potential locations
to construct a new Road, but such suggestions shall not be binding on Tenant. Tenant shall use reasonable efforts to use or improve the
existing roads, if any, on the Leased Property in order to minimize new road construction. Tenant agrees that at the places where it
trenches across any existing road or roads on the Leased Property, if any, it will fully repair the road bed and surface of the road
after any of its operations hereunder in such a way as that any road affected hereby will be kept in its normal condition except at those
times when Tenant is actually trenching. Promptly after completion of construction, maintenance or removal operations in connection with
the Lease, Tenant shall fill all ruts, holes and other depressions caused by such operations and restore all surfaces utilized to as
near normal grade and level as is commercially reasonable. On areas not occupied by such a road, Tenant shall replant native grass seed,
but not crops or any other type of vegetation, on any portion of the Leased Property that was in native grassland prior to construction
of a Data Facility. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 8.8 , (a) Tenant shall be responsible for (i) repairing
damage to Owner s or third party-constructed or Tenant-constructed roads caused by Tenant s operations on the Leased Property
and (ii) routine maintenance of Roads on the Leased Property, (b) Tenant shall not have responsibility or obligation for repairing damage
to Roads caused by parties other than the Tenant Parties or for routine maintenance of Owner or third party- constructed roads (it being
understood and agreed that Owner shall have the obligation to promptly cause the same to be repaired and/or replaced at no cost or expense
to Tenant), and (c) if Tenant so elects, Tenant shall have the right to repair damage to Roads caused by parties other than the Tenant
Parties or for routine maintenance of Owner or third party-constructed roads and shall be permitted to offset the actual, reasonable,
out of pocket costs or expenses incurred by Tenant for such repairs and maintenance against any Rent Payments or other amounts owed by
Tenant under this Lease. Subject to the foregoing, the Owner Parties may use, without charge, any roads existing as of the Execution
Date or constructed on the Leased Property by Tenant; provided that such use does not inhibit or impair Tenant s use of the Leased
Property as contemplated herein. 

8.9 No
Broker . Neither Tenant nor any of its affiliates nor any of their respective officers, directors or employees has employed any broker
or finder or incurred any liability for any brokers fees, commissions or finders fees as a result of the execution of this
Lease. 

8.10 Tenant s
Insurance . Tenant shall procure and maintain during the Term of this Lease, at its sole cost and expense, a policy or policies
of insurance in amounts not less than a combined single limit of 1,000,000 per occurrence and 2,000,000 in the aggregate, insuring
against any and all liability to the extent obtainable for injury or death of a person or persons or damage to property
occasioned by or arising out of or in connection with the occupation and use of the Leased Property. 

6 

8.11 Intentionally
Omitted . 

8.12 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

8.13 Interest
on Past Due Payments . All Rent Payments and other payments not paid or tendered when due under this Lease shall bear interest at
a rate equal to the lesser of (i) eight percent (8 per annum, or (ii) the maximum rate allowed by applicable law (the Contract
Rate ). 

8.14 Payment
of Taxes . Tenant shall pay all real and personal property taxes, assessments and charges, general and specific, that may be levied
or assessed by reason of Tenant s use of the Leased Property, or Tenant s leasehold interest hereunder. Further, Tenant shall
be responsible for paying any increases, including any rollback taxes or other tax penalties, in real property taxes resulting from a
reclassification of the Leased Property or a loss of a property tax exemption, in each case only if the same is directly caused by Tenant s
use of the Leased Property or by Owner s change in use of the Leased Property that is directly necessitated by Tenant s use
of the Leased Property. In the event increased ad valorem taxes are assessed against the Leased Property as a result of any other payments
made hereunder, Tenant shall pay the increase. Taxes that are the responsibility of Tenant shall be collectively referred to as Tenant
Taxes . Owner shall pay or cause to be paid, and Tenant shall not be liable for, taxes attributable to facilities installed
by Owner or others on the Leased Property or to the underlying value of the Leased Property itself. Owner shall pay or cause to be paid,
and Tenant shall not be liable for, taxes attributable to the Overall Property that does not consist of the Leased Property. Taxes that
are the responsibility of Owner shall be collectively referred to as Owner Taxes . It is a condition to Owner s
right to payment or reimbursement hereunder that Owner submit the real property tax bill to Tenant within thirty (30) days after Owner
receives the bill from the taxing authority. Owner shall pay all Owner Taxes prior to delinquency. In the event Owner does not pay any
Owner Taxes prior to delinquency, Tenant may, but shall not be obligated to, pay the taxing authorities the entire amount (including,
but not limited to, any interest and penalties set forth thereon) due on the tax bill and Owner shall reimburse Tenant such amount plus
interest (computed from the date of Tenant s payment) at a rate equal to the Contract Rate, or Tenant may offset such amount, together
with such interest, against any Rent Payments or other payments due to Owner under this Lease. To the extent that any Tenant Taxes are
jointly assessed with Owner Taxes, the parties shall cooperate in a good faith effort to cause such Tenant Taxes to be separately assessed.
With respect to any Tenant Taxes, Tenant shall have the right to contest the validity and/or amount of such Tenant Taxes. Owner agrees
to render to Tenant all reasonable assistance in contesting the validity or amount of any such contested Tenant Taxes, including joining
in the signing of any protests or pleading which Tenant may deem advisable to file; provided, however, that Tenant will reimburse Owner
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with providing such assistance. 

7 

8.15 Utilities .
Tenant shall pay when due all charges for electricity, water, gas, telecommunications and other utility services used by Tenant on
the Leased Property. In the event that Tenant requires well water and Owner has sufficient water from existing wells to meet
Owner s requirements and Tenant s requirements, then Owner will supply the well water to Tenant and Tenant will
pay to Owner the fair market value for such water, as mutually agreed to by the parties and shall provide Owner reasonable access to
any well drilled on the Property. Upon expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, any water well drilled by Tenant on the
Property shall become property of the Owner. Otherwise, Tenant may construct its own water wells upon the Leased Property provided
that Tenant obtains Owner s prior approval of the location, which may be withheld by Owner at its sole discretion. 

8.16 Maintenance
of Leased Property . Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Leased Property free from debris and waste arising
from its activities. Tenant shall remove from the Leased Property within a reasonable time all refuse, litter and debris created by Tenant
or any of the Tenant Parties. 

8.17 
 Intentionally Omitted . 

8.18 Site
Rules . Tenant shall abide by the site rules, attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein (the Site Rules ),
while on and accessing the Leased Property, to the extent such Site Rules are applicable to the uses permitted hereunder. 

8.19 Facility
Setback . Tenant agrees it shall not construct any (i) modules, buildings or other above-ground structures within 337.68 feet of any
existing Wind Turbine Generator Facility Setback ), or (ii) permanent structure greater than seventeen (17) feet
above ground level in height outside of the Facility Setback on the Leased Property, without Wind Tenant s prior written approval,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

Section
9. Owner s Representations, Warranties and Covenants . Owner hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Tenant as follows: 

9.1 Owner s
Authority . Owner is the sole owner and holder of fee simple title to the surface estate of the Leased Property and all appurtenant
rights thereto. Owner has full power, authority, capacity and legal right to enter into, execute and deliver this Lease, and to assign,
warrant, set- over, transfer and convey the Leased Property to Tenant pursuant to the terms of this Lease. Owner has the authority to
grant the Easement or use thereof to Tenant. Each person signing this Lease on behalf of Owner is authorized to do so. This Lease constitutes
a legal, valid and binding agreement enforceable against Owner and the Leased Property in accordance with its terms. 

9.2 Legal
Status; Approvals . Owner, if other than an individual, (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its state of organization or formation; and (b) is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in the state
of Texas. Owner has full power and authority to own the Leased Property and carry on its business as now conducted and proposed to be
conducted. Owner has all necessary approvals, governmental and otherwise, to own the Leased Property and to execute and deliver this
Lease and the execution and delivery of this Lease by Owner will not place Owner in default of any agreements to which Owner is a party
or bound. 

9.3 No
Interference; No Third Party Rights; Recognition . Owner covenants and agrees that Tenant shall have the quiet use and enjoyment
of the Leased Property in accordance with the terms of this Lease without hindrance or interruption from Owner or any of the Owner
Parties (defined in Section 10.1 ). Tenant shall have access to the Leased Property at all times (twenty-four hours a
day, seven days a week, three hundred sixty five days a year). 

8 

So
long as no default by Tenant hereunder or pursuant to the Easement, beyond any applicable notice or cure periods, has occurred and is
continuing, if Wind Tenant defaults under the Existing Lease, as amended, or the Existing Lease terminates (other than a termination
or a default caused in whole or in part by Tenant or arising from Tenant s failure to perform Tenant s obligations hereunder
or under the Easement), Owner agrees that: 

(a) Tenant
shall have no liability or obligation to Owner under this Lease arising from or related to such default. 

(b) Tenant s
right to occupy the Leased Property in accordance with this Lease shall not be disturbed by Owner. 

(c) Owner
shall not (unless required by law) name or join Tenant as a party defendant in any action, suit or proceeding which may be instituted
or taken by Owner to enforce the performance or observance by Wind Tenant of the provisions of the Existing Lease, as amended and/or
to recover damages for breach or default thereof by reason of the occurrence of any breach or default by Wind Tenant, unless such breach
or default was caused in whole or in part by Tenant or otherwise constitutes a default by Tenant beyond any applicable notice and cure
periods under the terms of this Lease or the Easement. 

(d) Tenant
shall not be evicted from the Leased Property by Owner, nor shall Tenant s possession be disturbed by Owner in or as a result of
any such action, suit or proceeding. 

9.4 Liens and Third Party Rights . 

(a) Liens .
Except as disclosed in writing by Owner to Tenant, there are no liens, encumbrances, leases, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests,
licenses or other exceptions (collectively, Liens encumbering or affecting all or any portion of the Leased Property. 

(b) No
Third Party Rights . Except as disclosed in writing by Owner to Tenant, there are no currently existing options, rights of refusal,
sales contracts, leases, easements, mineral reservations or conveyances, mineral leases, or severed mineral interests requiring use of
the surface estate or other rights in favor of any third parties relating to the Leased Property or any interest therein Third
Party Rights ), that could interfere with the development, construction, installation, maintenance or operation by Tenant of
a Data Facility or any Tenant s Improvements or that could adversely affect Tenant s use of the Leased Property, or prevent
Tenant from obtaining the benefits intended under this Lease. 

9 

(c) Treatment
of Liens; Third Party Rights. If at any time during the Term, any Lien or any Third Party Right is found, exists or is claimed
to exist against the Leased Property or any portion thereof, that creates rights superior to those of Tenant, and if Tenant
determines that the existence, use, operation, implementation or exercise of such Lien or such Third Party Right could reasonably be
inconsistent with or delay, interfere with, impair or prevent the exercise of any of Tenant s rights under this Lease, Tenant
shall be entitled to seek to obtain a Subordination and Non- Disturbance Agreement (defined below) from the holder of such Lien or
such Third Party Right, and Owner shall use best efforts and diligence in helping Tenant obtain the same at no out of pocket
expense to Owner (including expenses incurred for attorneys fees); provided, however, in the event such Lien or Third Party
Right has been granted in breach of this Lease, Owner shall be responsible for all costs and damages related to such Lien or Third
Party Right, including without limitation the costs of obtaining any Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement required by Tenant
or any Mortgagee in connection therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant acknowledges the Third Party Rights held by the Wind
Tenant pursuant to the Existing Lease and Tenant will enter into a separate non-disturbance or similar agreement with Wind Tenant.
Owner agrees that any right, title or interest created by Owner from and after the Execution Date in favor of or granted to any
third party relative to the Leased Property shall be subject to: (i) this Lease and all of Tenant s rights, title and
interests created in this Lease, and (ii) any and all documents executed or to be executed by and between Tenant and Owner in
connection with this Lease. A Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreement shall mean an agreement between
Tenant and the holder of a Lien or a Third Party Right that provides that the holder of such Lien or such Third Party Right: (i)
subordinates such Lien or such Third Party Right to Tenant s interest under this Lease, (ii) agrees not to disturb
Tenant s possession or rights under this Lease, (iii) agrees to provide notice of defaults under the Lien or Third Party Right
documents to Tenant and agrees to allow Tenant and its lenders a reasonable period of time following such notice to cure such
defaults on behalf of Owner, and (iv) agrees to comply with such other requirements as may be reasonably required by Tenant or its
lenders to ensure the interests of Tenant or its lenders are not interfered with. All Subordination and Non-Disturbance Agreements
obtained pursuant to this Section 9.4(c) shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to Tenant and Tenant s lenders, if
any, and shall be in a form that may be recorded following their execution. 

(d) Concurrently
herewith, Owner has cooperated with Tenant to obtain a Surface Waiver (as defined below) from each party that holds a mineral interest
in, to or under the Leased Property that might interfere with Tenant s rights under this Lease. A Surface Waiver 
shall mean an agreement between Tenant and the holder of a mineral interest in, to or under the Leased Property that provides that the
holder of such mineral interest shall waive any right to explore and/or develop minerals on, in or under the Leased Property from the
surface of the Leased Property; provided that Tenant may agree in its sole and absolute discretion to designate drill sites on the surface
of the Property to the extent such drill sites will not interfere with Tenant s use of the Leased Property. 

(e) To
the extent that Owner owns any minerals or mineral interests in, on or under the Leased Property, Owner shall not itself develop such
minerals or lease or sell such rights to third parties without first waiving, on behalf of itself, its successors, and assigns, for the
Term of this Lease, its rights to access and use the surface of the Leased Property, and the subsurface thereof to a depth of five hundred
feet (500 ), for the purposes of mining, drilling, exploring, producing, storing, processing, removing, transporting, marketing,
extracting, or developing the oil, gas, and other minerals or the hydrocarbons produced therefrom located underneath the Property and
agreeing with any third-party developer that any such mineral developer shall not in any way adversely affect Tenant s rights under
this Lease. 

10 

9.5 Requirements
of Governmental Agencies . Owner shall fully cooperate with Tenant, at no out-of-pocket expense to Owner, in connection with (i)
obtaining and complying with any land use or environmental permits and approvals, building permits, environmental impact reviews,
including without limitation groundwater conservation district requirements and permits, permits related to the installation
of above-ground storage tanks or any other approvals required for the financing, construction, installation, relocation,
replacement, maintenance, operation or removal of any Data Facility or other Tenant s Improvements, including without
limitation execution of applications for such approvals and (ii) providing affidavits or documents from Owner customarily required
by title companies. In connection with any application by Tenant for a governmental use permit, approval, authorization or other
consent, or any governmental review of any previously issued permit, including, without limitation, for the installation, continued
operation, modification or replacement of any Data Facility or other Tenant s Improvements, Owner agrees to support and not
oppose, in any way, whether directly or indirectly, any such application or approval, at any administrative, judicial or legislative
level. 

9.6 Hazardous
Materials . Owner represents that there are no Hazardous Materials located on the Leased Property in any amount which would require
reporting under applicable environmental laws, and the Leased Property has not been used for the generation, treatment, storage or disposal
of Hazardous Materials and there are no underground storage tanks located on the Leased Property. Owner shall not violate any federal,
state or local law, ordinance or regulation relating to the generation, manufacture, production, use, storage, release or threatened
release, discharge, disposal, transportation or presence of any Hazardous Materials on or under the Leased Property. 

9.7 No
Litigation . Owner is not a party to any, and there are no pending or, to Owner s best knowledge, threatened, legal, administrative,
arbitral or other proceedings, claims, actions or governmental or regulatory investigations of any kind or nature whatsoever against
Owner or involving the Leased Property (a) challenging the validity or propriety of this Lease, the documents executed in connection
herewith, and/or transactions contemplated in this Lease and/or such documents or (b) which could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ownership or operation of the Leased Property or any part thereof or interest therein. Owner shall 

(i)
promptly inform Tenant of any disagreements, disputes, threatened litigation or pending litigation between any Owner and any other party
that may materially impact Tenant s use of the Leased Property, (ii) promptly give Tenant copies of any notices, correspondence
or other written or digital communication received by Owner in connection with any such disagreement, dispute, threatened litigation
or pending litigation and (iii) vigorously defend against any such disagreement, dispute, threatened litigation or pending litigation,
if the same will have, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on Tenant s use of the Leased Property. 

9.8 Intentionally Omitted . 

9.9 Estoppel
Certificates from Owner . Owner shall at any time and from time to time, within fifteen (15) days after a written request by Tenant,
execute and deliver to Tenant a written statement certifying that this Lease is in full force and effect (or modified and stating the
modification). Such statement shall also (a) state that, to Owner s knowledge, there are no defaults on the part of Owner or Tenant
existing at the time of execution of the statement, or (to the extent applicable) if existing, the nature of such defaults, (b) state
that Owner has not entered into any agreements that might materially and adversely affect Tenant s use of the Leased Property,
and (c) attest to such other factual matters relating to this Lease as Tenant or its Mortgagee may reasonably request. 

11 

9.10 Noise/Interference .
Owner acknowledges and agrees that incident to the uses permitted by the Lease shall be the continuous creation of audible and electromagnetic
noise and possible electrical interference, radio frequency interference or cell tower interference related to the maintenance, operation
and use of the Data Facility and as further set forth in Section 10.2 , Owner waives, on behalf of Owner and the Owner Parties,
the right to make any claims for Losses (as defined in Section 10.1 as a result thereof. 

9.11 No
Liability for Failure to Develop or Operate . Owner acknowledges and agrees that Tenant may or may not elect to construct, install
or develop a Data Facility in its sole discretion, and Tenant shall have no responsibility or liability to Owner or any other party in
the event Tenant does not construct, install or develop any Data Facility on the Leased Property. Furthermore, nothing in this Lease
may be interpreted as imposing on Tenant, or any other party, any obligation to continuously operate any Data Facility constructed, developed
or installed on the Leased Property. 

9.12 Confidentiality .
Owner shall maintain in confidence, for the sole benefit of Tenant, all information pertaining to the financial terms of or payments
under this Lease, Tenant s site or methods of operation, methods of construction, whether disclosed by Tenant or discovered by
Owner. Owner shall not publish or otherwise disclose such information to others, except as necessary to Owner s financial advisors,
lenders, consultants, retained experts, constituent entities of any Owner, and lawyers or other professionals, who receive such information
under an obligation of confidentiality. 

9.13 Non
Foreign Owner . Owner is not a foreign person within the meaning of Section 1445(1)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and the related Treasury Department regulations, including temporary regulations. 

9.14 No
Broker . Neither Owner nor any of its affiliates nor any of their respective officers, directors or employees has employed any broker
or finder or incurred any liability for any brokers fees, commissions or finders fees as a result of the execution of this
Lease. 

9.15 Lone
Star Infrastructure Protection Act . Pursuant to the Lone Star Infrastructure Protection Act (Chapter 113 of the Texas Business and
Commerce Code) (the Lone Star Act ), Owner represents and warrants that: 

(A) Owner
 is not owned by, and the majority of stock or other ownership interest of the Owner is not
 held or controlled by, 

i. Individuals
 who are citizens of China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, or a Designated Country (as defined
 below); or 

ii. A
 company or other entity, including a governmental entity, that is owned or controlled by
 citizens of or is directly controlled by the government of China, Iran, North Korea, Russia,
 or a Designated Country; and 

12 

(B) 
 Owner is not headquartered in China, Iran, North Korea, Russia,
or a Designated Country. 

Designated
Country, for purposes of this Section 9.15 means a country designated by the Governor of the State of Texas as a threat to critical
infrastructure under Section 113.003 of the Texas Business and Commerce Code. 

9.16 Life
Estate/ Remainderman . If an Owner holds a life estate Life Estate Holder in the Leased Property and is alive, Owner
shall only consist of the Life Estate Holder, and all payments, notices and other dealings under this Lease (including the signing of
estoppels) by Tenant with Owner shall be conducted solely with the Life Estate Holder as Owner. Upon the death of Life Estate Holder
and after Tenant receives written notice of the last Life Estate Holder s death, any holders of a remainder interest (the Remainderman shall become the Owner for all purposes under this Lease. The Remainderman shall notify Tenant of their address(es) for notice purposes
and other purposes under this Lease, and all subsequent payments, notices and other dealings under this Lease by Tenant with Owner shall
be conducted solely with the Remainderman as Owner. 

9.17 Form
W-9 . Notwithstanding anything in this Lease to the contrary, Tenant shall have no obligation to make any payment to Owner otherwise
required under this Lease until Owner has returned to Tenant a completed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 and payments retained by Tenant
pending the return of such W-9 shall not constitute an event of default. 

Section
10. Indemnity and Release . 

10.1 Indemnity
by Tenant . SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.3 , TENANT HEREBY DEFENDS, INDEMNIFIES AND HOLDS
HARMLESS OWNER AND OWNER S AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS AND ALL SUCH PARTIES STOCKHOLDERS, MEMBERS, PARTNERS, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS, AND INVITEES (COLLECTIVELY, THE OWNER PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST
LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS, CLAIMS, SUITS AND CAUSES OF ACTION (INCLUDING LOSSES OR CLAIMS FOR PERSONAL INJURIES, DEATH AND
PROPERTY DAMAGE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE TO OWNER S CROPS) OR CLAIMS FOR INTERFERENCE WITH THE EXISTING LEASE AND
INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS OF LITIGATION) (COLLECTIVELY, LOSSES ), IN EACH CASE, TO THE EXTENT
DIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF ANY TENANT PARTY S (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 10.2 ACTIONS ON, OR USE OR OPERATION OF, THE LEASED PROPERTY
DURING THE TERM OF THIS LEASE (ALL SUCH LOSSES FOR WHICH TENANT IS OBLIGATED TO INDEMNIFY THE OWNER PARTIES ARE COLLECTIVELY REFERRED
TO AS THE OWNER LOSSES ), BUT EXCLUDING ANY LOSSES TO THE EXTENT CAUSED BY ANY OWNER PARTY S ACTIONS OR INACTIONS
AND ANY LOSSES CAUSED BY, OR ALLEGEDLY CAUSED BY OWNER S NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL NEGLECT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, ANY OWNER
LOSSES FOR WHICH TENANT IS OBLIGATED TO INDEMNIFY ANY OWNER PARTY HEREUNDER SHALL BE REDUCED BY ANY INSURANCE PROCEEDS ACTUALLY RECOVERED
BY SUCH OWNER PARTY FOR SUCH OWNER LOSSES. 

13 

10.2 Indemnity
by Owner . SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.3 , OWNER HEREBY DEFENDS, INDEMNIFIES AND HOLDS
HARMLESS TENANT AND TENANT S AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS AND ALL SUCH PARTIES STOCKHOLDERS, MEMBERS, PARTNERS, OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS AND INVITEES (COLLECTIVELY, THE TENANT PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST
LOSSES TO THE EXTENT DIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF ANY OWNER PARTY S ACTIONS ON, OR USE, OWNERSHIP OR OPERATION OF, THE LEASED PROPERTY
OR OVERALL PROPERTY OR BREACH OF THIS LEASE, BUT EXCLUDING ANY OWNER LOSSES AND ANY LOSSES TO THE EXTENT CAUSED BY ANY TENANT PARTY S
ACTIONS OR INACTIONS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, ANY LOSSES FOR WHICH OWNER IS OBLIGATED TO INDEMNIFY ANY TENANT PARTY HEREUNDER
SHALL BE REDUCED BY ANY INSURANCE PROCEEDS ACTUALLY RECOVERED BY SUCH TENANT PARTY FOR SUCH LOSSES. 

10.3 Limitation
of Liability . NEITHER OWNER NOR TENANT SHALL BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE AND LOSSES OF RENT, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND THE LIKE THAT MAY RESULT FROM A LOSS OF USE OF THE LEASED PROPERTY
OR ANY PORTION THEREOF OR OTHERWISE), EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ANY SUCH PARTY SUFFERS SUCH DAMAGES TO AN UNAFFILIATED THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION
WITH A LOSS FOR WHICH SUCH PARTY IS INDEMNIFIED UNDER THIS LEASE, IN WHICH EVENT SUCH DAMAGES SHALL BE RECOVERABLE. 

Section
11. Assignments 

11.1 Assignments
by Tenant . So long as Tenant is not in default of its obligations under this Lease, beyond any applicable notice or cure
periods, Owner hereby consents and grants to Tenant the right, on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, to grant, sell, lease, convey
or assign all or a portion of Tenant s interest in this Lease or to grant co-leases (including, without limitation, co-tenancy
or tenancy in common interests), separate leases, easements, sub-easements, licenses or similar rights to Tenant s interest in
this Lease (each of the foregoing, individually and collectively, an Assignment to one or more persons or
entities who are Qualified Assignees (defined below), and no further consent of Owner shall be required for any
such Assignment. So long as Tenant is not in default of its obligations under this Lease, beyond any applicable notice or cure
periods, Owner further hereby consents and grants to Tenant the right to sublease or sub- sublease all or any portion of the Leased
Property to one or more sublessees (each of the foregoing, individually and collectively, a Sublease ), and no
further consent of Owner shall be required for any such Sublease(s). No Owner consent shall be required for any change in ownership
of Tenant and any such change in ownership shall not constitute an Assignment for purposes of this Lease. Owner
further hereby consents and grants to Tenant the right, on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis, to encumber, hypothecate, mortgage,
grant or pledge (including by mortgage, deed of trust or personal property security instrument) all or any portion of Tenant s
right, title or interest under this Lease, to any Mortgagee (defined below) as security for the repayment of any indebtedness and/or
the performance of any obligation, so long as any such mortgage or pledge does not encumber the fee estate of the Leased Property.
Upon Tenant s assignment of its interest, or a portion thereof, in this Lease, Owner shall recognize the Assignee as
Tenant s proper successor, the Assignee shall have all of the assigned rights, benefits and obligations of Tenant under and
pursuant to this Lease, and Tenant shall be relieved of all of its obligations relating to the assigned interests under this Lease
that relate to acts or omissions which occur or accrue following the effective date of such grant, sale, lease, conveyance or
assignment. Qualified Assignee shall be an affiliate of Tenant, an assignee with a net worth equal to or
greater than the assigning Tenant or any subtenant. Owner consent shall be required for an Assignment to an entity or person who is
not a Qualified Assignee, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. For the avoidance of doubt,
Owner consent shall not be required to any Sublease. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Tenant shall be permitted to
grant an Access Easement and Right of Way to Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc. covering all or a portion of the Leased Property
in connection with that certain Agreement for Electric Service to Soluna DV Services, LLC, and Owner s consent shall not be
required with respect to such easement. 

14 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, Tenant may pledge its interest in any personal property situated on the Leased Property in connection
with a personal property and equipment financing. Upon the making of any such pledge, Owner will, upon request of Tenant, enter into
a commercially reasonable agreement with the lender under such financing to ensure the lender s rights to the collateral pledged
to it. 

11.2 Notice
to Owner . Following an Assignment, Sublease or the granting of a Mortgage, Tenant or the Mortgagee will give notice of the same (including
the address of the Mortgagee for notice purposes) to Owner; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice shall not constitute
a default but rather shall only have the effect of not binding Owner hereunder with respect to such Mortgagee until such notice is given. 

11.3 Cure .
Each Assignee that holds a partial interest in, or a sublease under this Lease, shall have the same amount of time following delivery
of written notice of such default, to cure said default as is given to Tenant pursuant to this Lease. If Tenant or an Assignee holds
an interest in less than all of this Lease any default under this Lease shall be deemed remedied, as to Tenant s or such Assignee s
partial interest only (and Owner shall not disturb such partial interest), if Tenant or Assignee, as the case may be, shall have cured
its pro rata portion of the default by paying the fees attributable to the Lease in which Tenant or the Assignee, as the case may be,
holds an interest. 

11.4 Division
into Separate Leases . Tenant may divide the Leased Property into two (2) or more separate, stand-alone Leases if such division
becomes necessary to further the development of any Data Facility. If Tenant elects to divide the Leased Property into two (2) or
more Leases, then Tenant shall provide Owner with a written proposal of how to bifurcate this Lease and any related documents, along
with all documentation necessary to divide the Leased Property including new lease and if applicable, easement agreements. Following
receipt of any such documentation, Owner shall, within twenty (20) business days after written request from Tenant, and without
demanding any additional consideration other than as specifically set forth herein, bifurcate this Lease by entering into and
delivering to Tenant two (2) (or the requested number of) stand-alone new Leases (which shall supersede and replace this Lease) that
provide Tenant with separate leasehold estates in different portions of the Leased Property, as designated by Tenant and with the
necessary easement, sub-easement or co-easement rights in the Leased Property. Tenant will reimburse Owner for any and all expenses
incurred by Owner in review and preparation of such proposed division, including, but not limited to, any attorneys fees in
creating additional lease agreements. Any new Leases shall: (i) specify the portion(s) of the Leased Property and any easement areas
to be covered thereby (and the term Leased Property as used therein, shall refer only to such portion(s)), (ii)
contain the same terms and conditions as this Lease (except for any requirements that have been fulfilled by Tenant, any Assignee,
or any other person or entity prior to the execution of such new Leases, and except for any modifications that may be required to
ensure that Tenant s and Owner s respective combined obligations under such new leases do not exceed their respective
obligations under this Lease) and be in a form reasonably acceptable to Tenant and Owner; (iii) be for a term equal to the
then-remaining term of this Lease; (iv) contain a grant of access, transmission, communications, utility and other easements for the
benefit of the bifurcated leasehold estates; and (v) to the extent permitted by law, enjoy the same priority as this Lease over any
lien, encumbrance or other interest against the Leased Property. 

15 

11.5 Assignments
and Transfers by Owner . The burdens of this Lease and other rights contained in this Lease shall run with and against the Leased
Property and shall be a charge and burden thereon for the duration of this Lease and shall be binding upon and against Owner and its
successors and assigns. Owner shall notify Tenant in writing within thirty (30) days of any sale, assignment or transfer of any of Owner s
interest in the Leased Property and/or this Lease, or any part thereof, and any such sale, assignment or transfer shall be made subject
to the terms and conditions of this Lease. Tenant shall not be under any obligation to make payments to new owners until it receives
notice and proof of new ownership. Owner shall notify Tenant in writing of any sale of the Leased Property and/or a conveyance of the
right to payments under this Lease and Owner shall notify any prospective owner, transferee or assignee of the following (1) Tenant shall
not be under any obligation to make payments to new owners until it receives notice and proof of new ownership; and (2) new owners are
bound by prior payments made before notice is received. 

Section
12. Mortgagee Protection . Any Mortgagee (defined below) shall, for so long as its Mortgage is in existence and until the Lien
thereof has been extinguished, be entitled to the following protections, upon delivery to Owner of notice of its name and address: 

12.1 Mortgagee s
Right to Possession, Right to Acquire and Right to Assign . A Mortgagee shall have the absolute right: (a) to assign its security
interest; (b) to enforce its Lien and acquire title to the leasehold estate by any lawful means; (c) to take possession of and
operate the Leased Property, or any portion thereof and to perform all obligations to be performed by Tenant or Assignee under this
Lease, or to cause a receiver to be appointed to do so; (d) to acquire the leasehold estate by foreclosure or by an assignment in
lieu of foreclosure and thereafter to assign or transfer the leasehold estate to a third party; and (e) prior to any enforcement
action, to cure any breach or default of Tenant under this Lease. Owner s consent shall not be required for (x) the pledge,
mortgage or hypothecation of Tenant s rights in the Lease; or (b) the acquisition of Tenant s or Assignee s
leasehold estate by a third party who acquires the same by foreclosure or assignment in lieu of foreclosure. As used in this Lease,
(i) the term Mortgagee means any financial institution or other person or entity that from time to time
provides secured financing or interest rate hedging directly to Tenant or indirectly to an affiliate or otherwise encumbers some or
all of Tenant s or an Assignee s interest in the Lease and any agent, security agent, collateral agent, indenture
trustee, loan trustee, loan participant or participating syndicated lenders involved in whole or in part in such financing,
and their respective successors and assigns, (ii) the term Mortgage refers to the mortgage, deed of trust or
other security interest in this Lease given to a Mortgagee in connection with such financing and (iii) the term Mortgaged
Interest refers to the interest in this Lease, that is held by the Mortgagee. Under no circumstances may a Mortgage be
allowed to attach to the fee simple estate owned by Owner or the leasehold estate and other real property interests held by the Wind
Tenant in the Leased Property. 

16 

12.2 Notice
of Default: Opportunity to Cure . As a precondition to exercising any rights or remedies as a result of any alleged default by Tenant
or Assignee, Owner shall give written notice of a default under this Lease to each Mortgagee concurrently with delivery of such notice
to Tenant or Assignee, as applicable, specifying in detail the alleged event of default, provided that such Mortgagee shall have provided
Owner with its current address. In the event the Owner gives such a written notice of default, the following provisions shall apply: 

(a) A
 Monetary Default means failure to pay when due any monetary obligation of Tenant or Assignee to Owner under this
Lease; any other event of default is a Non-Monetary Default . 

(b) Notwithstanding
any provision herein to the contrary, the Mortgagee shall have the same period after receipt of notice of default to remedy the default,
or cause the same to be remedied, as is given to Tenant or Assignee, plus, in each instance, the following additional time periods: (i)
thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice of default in the event of any Monetary Default; and (ii) ninety (90) days after receipt
of the notice of default in the event of any Non-Monetary Default, provided that such period shall be extended for the time reasonably
required to complete such cure, including the time required for the Mortgagee to perfect its right to cure such non-monetary default
by obtaining possession of the Leased Property (including possession by a receiver) or by instituting foreclosure proceedings, provided
the Mortgagee acts with reasonable and continuous diligence. The Mortgagee shall have the absolute right to substitute itself for Tenant
or any Assignee and perform the duties of Tenant or any Assignee under this Lease for purposes of curing such defaults. Owner expressly
consents to such substitution, agrees to accept such performance, and authorizes the Mortgagee (or its employees, agents, representatives
or contractors) to enter upon the Leased Property to complete such performance with all the rights, privileges and obligations of the
Tenant or any Assignee. Owner shall not terminate this Lease prior to expiration of the cure periods available to a Mortgagee as set
forth above. 

(c)
During any period of possession of the Mortgaged Interest by a Mortgagee (or a receiver requested by such Mortgagee) and/or during
the pendency of any foreclosure proceedings instituted by a Mortgagee, the Mortgagee shall pay or cause to be paid all monetary
charges payable by Tenant or any Assignee under this Lease which have accrued and are unpaid at the commencement of said period and
those which accrue thereafter during said period. Following acquisition of Tenant s or any Assignee s Mortgaged Interest
by the Mortgagee or its assignee or designee as a result of either foreclosure or acceptance of an assignment in lieu of
foreclosure, or by a purchaser at a foreclosure sale, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect and the Mortgagee or party
acquiring title to the Mortgaged Interest shall, as promptly as reasonably possible, commence the cure of all defaults under this
Lease and thereafter diligently process such cure to completion, whereupon Owner s right to terminate this Lease based upon
such defaults shall be deemed waived; provided, however, the Mortgagee or party acquiring title to the Mortgaged Interest shall not
be required to cure those non-monetary defaults which are not capable of being cured or performed by such party non-curable defaults ). Non-curable defaults shall be deemed waived by Owner upon completion of foreclosure
proceedings or acquisition of interest in this Lease by such party. 

17 

(d) Any
Mortgagee or other party who acquires the Mortgaged Interest pursuant to foreclosure or assignment in lieu of foreclosure shall not be
liable to perform the obligations imposed on Tenant or an Assignee by this Lease incurred or accruing after such party no longer has
ownership of the leasehold estate or possession of the Leased Property. 

(e) Neither
the bankruptcy nor the insolvency of Owner, Tenant or any Assignee shall be grounds for terminating this Lease as long as all other monetary
charges payable by Tenant or Assignee under this Lease are paid by the Mortgagee in accordance with the terms of this Lease. 

(f) Nothing
in this Lease shall be construed to extend this Lease beyond the Term or to require a Mortgagee to continue foreclosure proceedings after
the default has been cured. If the default is cured and the Mortgagee discontinues foreclosure proceedings, this Lease shall continue
in full force and effect. 

12.3 New
Lease to Mortgagee . If this Lease terminates because of Tenant s or Assignee s default or if the Mortgaged Interest is
foreclosed, or if this Lease is rejected or disaffirmed pursuant to bankruptcy law or other law affecting creditors rights, then
Owner shall, upon written request from any Mortgagee, enter into a new agreement for the Leased Property, on the following terms and
conditions: 

(a) The
terms of the new agreement shall commence on the date of termination, foreclosure, or rejection and shall continue for the remainder
of the term of this Lease, subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in this Lease. Such new agreement shall be subject to all
existing subleases, provided the subtenants are not then in default. 

(b) The
new agreement shall be executed within thirty (30) days after receipt by Owner of written notice of the Mortgagee s election to
enter a new agreement, provided said Mortgagee: (i) pays to Owner all monetary charges payable by Tenant or Assignee, as applicable,
under the terms of this Lease up to the date of execution of the new agreement, as if this Lease had not been terminated, foreclosed,
rejected or disaffirmed; and (ii) performs all other obligations of Tenant and/or Assignee under the terms of this Lease, to the extent
performance is then due and susceptible of being cured and performed by the Mortgagee; and (iii) agrees in writing to timely perform,
or cause to be performed, all non-monetary obligations which have not been performed by Tenant or any Assignee and would have accrued
under this Lease up to the date of commencement of the new agreement, except those obligations which constitute a non-curable default
as defined above, and (iv) reimburses Owner for any and all reasonable expenses incurred by Owner in review of any new agreement, including,
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees. Any new agreement granted the mortgagee shall enjoy the same priority as this Lease
over any Lien, encumbrance or other interest created by Owner. 

(c) At
the option of the Mortgagee, the new agreement may be executed by a designee of such Mortgagee without the Mortgagee assuming the burdens
and obligations of the Assignee thereunder. 

18 

(d) If
more than one Mortgagee makes a written request for a new agreement pursuant hereto, the new agreement shall be delivered to the Mortgagee
requesting such new agreements whose Mortgage is prior in lien, and the written request of any other Mortgagee whose lien is subordinate
shall be void and of no further force or effect. Owner shall be reimbursed all reasonable expenses incurred in determining whose Mortgage
is prior in lien and otherwise expended in conjunction with this Section 12.3 . 

12.4 Consent
to Amendment, Termination or Surrender, Assignment . Notwithstanding any provision of this Lease to the contrary, (a) the Parties
agree that so long as there exists an unpaid Mortgage, this Lease shall not be modified or amended and Owner shall not accept a surrender
of the Leased Property or any part thereof or a cancellation or release of this Lease from Tenant or Assignee prior to expiration of
the term without the prior written consent of the Mortgagee and (b) the Parties agree that so long as the Existing Lease is in effect
(i) the boundaries of the Leased Property shall not be materially changed and (ii) this Section 12.4, Sections 2 (Purpose and Scope of
Lease), 5.2 (Operative Documents), 5.3 (Conditions Precedent), 8.19 (Facility Setback), 13.5 (Removal of Improvements), and 13.1 (Termination
following Termination of the Operative Documents) of this Lease shall not be modified or amended, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii)
without the prior written consent of Wind Tenant. Clause (a) of this Section 12.4 is for the express benefit of and shall be enforceable
by such Mortgagee. Clause (b) of this Section 12.4 is for the express benefit of and shall be enforceable by the Wind Tenant. 

12.5 No
Waiver . No payment made to Owner by a Mortgagee shall constitute an agreement that such payment was, in fact, due under the terms
of this Lease; and a Mortgagee having made any payment to Owner pursuant to Owner s wrongful, improper or mistaken notice or demand
shall be entitled to the return of any such payment. 

12.6 No
Merger . There shall be no merger of this Lease, or of the estates or interests created by this Lease, with the fee estate in the
Leased Property by reason of the fact that this Lease or the leasehold estate or any interest therein may be held, directly or indirectly,
by or for the account of any person or persons who shall own the fee estate or any interest therein, and no such merger shall occur unless
and until all persons at the time having an interest in the fee estate in the Leased Property and all persons (including Mortgagee) having
an interest in this Lease or in the estate of Owner or Assignee shall join in a written instrument effecting such merger and shall duly
record the same. 

12.7 Third
Party Beneficiary . Each Mortgagee is and shall be an express third party beneficiary of the provisions of this Section 12 ,
and shall be entitled to compel the performance of the obligations of Owner under this Lease to the extent that Tenant is entitled to
compel performance. 

12.8 Further
Amendments . Provided that no material default in the performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease shall have
occurred and remain uncured after the expiration of all applicable notice and cure periods, at Tenant s request, but subject
to Section 12.4 , Owner shall (a) amend this Lease to include any provision that may reasonably be requested by an existing or
proposed Mortgagee, or by any entity that is proposing to directly or indirectly acquire this Lease or any portion thereof, and (b)
shall execute such additional documents as may reasonably be required to evidence such Mortgagee s or other entity s
rights hereunder; provided, however, that such amendment shall not materially impair the rights of Owner under this Lease, change
the terms of any amounts to paid by Tenant, or extend the term of this Lease beyond the period of time stated in Section
5 . Further, Owner shall, within ten (10) business days after written notice from Tenant or any existing or proposed Mortgagee,
execute and deliver thereto a certificate to the effect that Owner (a) recognizes a particular entity as a Mortgagee under this
Lease and (b) will accord to such entity all the rights and privileges of a Mortgagee hereunder. Owner will be reimbursed any
expense incurred by Owner under this provision, including any reasonable attorneys fees. 

19 

12.9 Further
Amendments to Property Description . In the event that it is determined that there are any inaccuracies in or changes required to
the legal description of the Leased Property contained in Exhibit A the validity of this Lease shall not be affected, and, upon
the request of Tenant, Owner shall amend the legal description of the Leased Property contained in Exhibit A of this Lease and
any memorandum to the Lease to reflect the legal description of the Leased Property contained in a title commitment, other title report
or survey obtained by Tenant for the Leased Property. Subject to Section 12.4, Tenant may, at its sole option, unilaterally execute and
record an amendment to Exhibit A to set forth the final legal description of the Leased Property and no consent or authorization
from Owner shall be required for such amendment to be effective. 

Section
13. Termination; Dispute Resolution . 

13.1 Termination
following Termination of the Operative Documents . This Lease shall terminate as to all of the Leased Property within thirty (30)
days of the termination of an Operative Document. 

13.2 Owner s
Right to Terminate . Except as qualified by Section 11 and Section 12 Owner shall have the right to terminate Tenant s
interest in this Lease if (a) a Monetary Default shall have occurred and remains uncured after five (5) business days following written
notice from Owner to Tenant; and provided Owner simultaneously notifies Tenant and all Mortgagees and Assignees in writing of such default,
which notice sets forth in detail the facts pertaining to such default, or (b) a Non-Monetary Default shall exist and shall not have
been remedied within sixty (60) days after Tenant receives the written notice (and provided Owner simultaneously notifies Tenant and
all Mortgagees and Assignees in writing of such default, which notice sets forth in detail the facts pertaining to such default), or,
if such cure cannot, with the exercise of commercially reasonable diligence, be completed within such period of time, Tenant, has not
begun to diligently undertake the cure within the relevant time period or to thereafter prosecute the cure to completion. Owner shall
have all rights and remedies available to Owner at law and in equity; provided, however, that notwithstanding any other provision of
this Lease or any rights or remedies which Owner might otherwise have at law or in equity, with respect to any default under this Lease
that is not remedied within the time provided in this Lease, Owner shall be limited to seeking damages and Owner shall not (and Owner
waives the right to) commence any action or proceeding in which termination, cancellation, rescission or reformation of this Lease is
sought as a remedy. 

13.3 Effect
of Termination . Upon termination of the Lease, whether as to the entire Leased Property or a portion thereof, Tenant shall, upon
written request by Owner, prepare and place of record in the county in which the Leased Property is located, a release of all of
Tenant s right, title and interest in and to the Leased Property, or to that part thereof as to which the Lease has been
terminated. Subject to Section 13.5 , following termination of the Lease as to all or any part of the Leased Property, Tenant
shall peaceably and quietly leave, surrender and return the Leased Property (or applicable portion thereof) to Owner. All
further rights and obligations of Owner and Tenant under this Lease will cease and terminate as of the date of any termination with
respect or in regard to the Leased Property, or to that part as to which the Lease has been terminated; except for the provisions of Section
13.5 and those obligations that expressly survive the termination of this Lease as set forth in Section 13.4 . 

20 

13.4 Survival .
Any provision of this Lease that expressly or by implication comes into or remains in force following the termination of this Lease shall
survive the termination or expiration of this Lease for the period set forth in such provision, or if no period is set forth in such
provision, for the period that is coextensive with the applicable statute of limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Lease, any indemnification obligations provided for under this Lease and the provisions of Section 16 shall survive the termination
of this Lease. 

13.5 Removal
of Improvements . Within twenty-four (24) months after termination, surrender, or expiration of this Lease, Tenant will (a) remove
all above-ground improvements and, to the extent any above-ground Tenant Improvements also extend below ground, Tenant will remove such
Tenant Improvements extending up to thirty six inches (36 below ground; and (b) grade and restore the surface of the Leased Property
to its approximate original condition that existed before Tenant occupied the Leased Property, normal wear and tear excepted, all at
Tenant s sole cost and expense (collectively the Removal Requirements ). If Tenant is required to obtain any
permits prior to commencing the removal process, the twenty-four month (24) removal period shall not begin to run until after Tenant
receives all such required permits or approvals. Completion of such Removal Requirements shall be undertaken by Tenant subject to and
in compliance with the existing applicable law in effect at the time such removal takes place, including but not limited to the proper
transportation and disposal of any Hazardous Materials. Failure to remove any improvement within said period and restore the surface
of the Leased Property as provided above shall be deemed an abandonment of the improvement and Owner shall cooperate with Wind Tenant
regarding removal, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, of any such improvement and restoration of the Lease Property to the standard
set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Owner may upon written notice to Tenant elect to maintain fences in place and not require
removal. If Wind Tenant elects not to remove any such improvement, Owner shall have the right to keep such improvement or to remove any
property deemed to be abandoned by Tenant and to receive reimbursement from Tenant for the actual and reasonable cost of such removal
of such improvement and the restoration of the surface of the Leased Property to the standard set forth above. In such event, Owner shall
also be entitled to the salvage value of any such improvements removed. 

Section
14. Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Settle All Disputes . The Parties shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve
any disputes by and between Owner and Tenant arising out of or incident to this Lease, the covenants contained herein, the use or
occupancy of the Leased Property, or any other aspect of the relationship between Owner and Tenant regarding the Leased Property.
Any such disputes shall be submitted to mediation before resorting to litigation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
either party shall have the right to pursue equitable relief against the other in any court of competent jurisdiction without being
required first to negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute in mediation; provided that all non- equitable relief sought in
connection with such dispute shall first be submitted to mediation and a good faith effort shall be made by both Parties to resolve
the matter. The prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys fees and court and other costs from the
non-prevailing party, including costs and fees on appeal and in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. The Parties agree that
venue for any proceedings under this Lease shall be proper in Dallas County, Texas. The rights and obligations under this section
shall survive the expiration or any early termination of this Agreement 

21 

Section
15. Condemnation . If all of the Leased Property is taken by condemnation, or is purchased by any government agency or governmental
body exercising the power of eminent domain, or should a partial taking render the remaining portion of the Leased Property substantially
unusable for Tenant s permitted uses then this Lease shall terminate upon the vesting of title or taking of possession. If the
taking is partial, then Tenant shall have the option of terminating this Lease or continuing this Lease with the payments to Owner being
commensurately reduced to reflect the taking. All payments made on account of any taking by eminent domain shall be made to Owner, except
that Tenant shall be entitled to any award made for the reasonable removal and relocation costs of any removable portion of any Data
Facility or other Tenant s Improvements that Tenant has the right to remove, and for the loss and damage to any improvements on
the Leased Property that Tenant elects or is required not to remove, and for the loss of use of the Leased Property by Tenant. It is
agreed that Tenant shall have the right to participate in any settlement or court proceedings. If the parties do not agree upon a division
of such award or purchase price, the resolution of such dispute shall be in accordance with Section 14 above. 

Section
16. Miscellaneous . 

16.1 Force
Majeure . If performance of this Lease or of any obligation hereunder (other than an obligation to pay any amounts described herein
including Schedule 1 is prevented or substantially restricted or interfered with by reason of an event of Force Majeure (defined
below), the affected party shall be excused from such performance to the extent of and for the duration of such prevention, restriction
or interference. The affected party shall promptly notify the other party in writing of the event of Force Majeure and shall use its
reasonable efforts to avoid or remove such causes of nonperformance, and shall continue performance hereunder whenever such causes are
removed. The term Force Majeure means causes beyond the reasonable control of and without the fault or negligence
of the party claiming Force Majeure, including, but not limited to, acts of God, labor unrest (including, but not limited to, slowdowns,
picketing, boycotts or strikes), floods, earthquakes, storms, fires, lightning, explosions, power failures or power surges, vandalism,
theft, terrorism, delays in transportation; inability to secure labor or materials at commercially reasonable prices in the open market;
epidemics, wars, revolutions, riots, civil disturbances, sabotage, changes in law or applicable regulations subsequent to the date hereof
and actions or inactions by any federal, state or local legislative, executive, administrative judicial agency or body which in any of
the foregoing cases, by exercise of due foresight such party could not reasonably have expected to avoid, and which, by the exercise
of due diligence, it is unable to overcome. 

16.2 Successors
and Assigns . This Lease shall run with and burden the Leased Property and be binding on Owner and all subsequent owners of the Leased
Property. This Lease shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Owner and Tenant and their respective heirs, transferees, successors
and assigns, and all persons claiming under them. 

22 

16.3 Notices .
All notices, requests and communications required or permitted by this Lease shall be given in writing by (a) personal delivery (confirmed
by courier delivery service), (b) expedited delivery with proof of delivery, (c) facsimile and confirmed with a copy of such notice sent
by mail, (d) first class mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, certified, addressed as follows or (e) electronic mail, so
long as such notice is also sent simultaneously by a means described in (a)-(d) above: 

If
to Owner: 

If
to Tenant: 

Soluna
DV Services, LLC 

 325
Washington Ave. Extension Albany, NY 12205 

 Phone:

Attention:
CFO 

 Email:
DorothyProject@soluna.io 

Except
as expressly provided herein, any notice provided for herein shall become effective only upon and at the time of first receipt by the
party to whom it is given, unless such notice is mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, in which case it shall be deemed
to be received two (2) business days after the date that it is mailed. Any party may, by proper written notice hereunder to the other
party, change the individual address to which such notice shall thereafter be sent; provided, however, such new notice address will not
be effective until ten (10) business days after delivery of notice of the new notice address. 

16.4 Entire
Agreement; Amendments . This Lease, and any Schedules or Exhibits attached hereto and any addenda to this Lease executed contemporaneously
herewith by the parties hereto constitute the entire agreement between Owner and Tenant respecting the subject matter hereof and supersede
all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions, whether or oral or written, of the parties pertaining to the subject
matter hereof. Any agreement, understanding or representation respecting the Leased Property, or the Lease, or any other matter referenced
herein that is not expressly set forth in this Lease or in a subsequent writing signed by both parties shall be null and void and of
no force or effect. This Lease shall not be modified or amended, except in writing signed by both parties and no purported modifications
or amendments, including, without limitation, any oral agreement, course of conduct or absence of a response to a unilateral communication,
shall be binding on either party. 

16.5 Further
Assurances . Owner will, whenever reasonably requested by Tenant, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause to be executed, acknowledged
and delivered, all conveyances, assignments and all other instruments and documents as may be reasonably necessary in order to complete
the transactions herein provided and to carry out the terms and provisions of this Lease. 

23 

16.6 Governing
Law . This Lease shall be governed by and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without
reference to conflicts of laws principals requiring the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. 

16.7 Severability .
If, at any time, any provision of this Lease is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any jurisdiction,
neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such
provision under the law of any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties shall promptly negotiate
to restore this Lease as near as possible to its original intent and economic effect. If the Lease or its terms are found to be in excess
of the longest duration permitted by applicable law, then the provisions of Section 5 which specify the term of duration hereof
shall be severed from this Lease, and the term instead shall expire on the latest date permitted by applicable law. 

16.8 Intentionally Omitted. 

16.9 Recording of Agreement . No party hereto shall record a copy of this Lease. 

16.10 Captions .
The captions in this Lease are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference and in no way define, limit or describe the
scope of this Lease or the scope or content of any of its provisions. 

16.11 No
Partnership . Nothing contained in this Lease shall be construed to create a partnership or joint venture between the Parties or their
successors in interest. 

16.12 Gender
and Number . Within this Lease, words of any gender shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular
number shall be held and construed to include the plural, unless the context otherwise requires. 

16.13 Construction .
The parties acknowledge that their attorneys have reviewed and revised this Lease and that any rule of construction to the effect that
any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Lease, Exhibits or
Schedules hereto. 

16.14 Counterparts .
This Lease may be executed by facsimile and in multiple counterparts, no one of which need be executed by all parties hereto, each of
which shall constitute an original. Counterparts thus executed shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

16.15 Waiver
of Owner s Lien . Owner hereby waives any contractual or statutory Lien on any of Tenant s or any subtenant s or
assignee s furniture, fixtures, equipment, machinery, parts, facilities, infrastructure, improvements and any other personal property
placed by such party in or at the Leased Property. 

[Signatures
Pages Follow] 

24 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Owner and Tenant have caused this Lease to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of
the Execution Date. 

OWNER: 

Alice
 Faye Grabbe 

25 

TENANT: 

Soluna DV
 Services, LLC , 

a Nevada limited
 liability company 

By: 

Name: 
 John Belizaire 

Title: 
 President 

26 

List
of Attachments 

Schedule
 1 
 Payment
 Schedule 
 
 Exhibit
 A-1 
 Overall
 Property 
 
 Exhibit
 A-2 
 Leased
 Property 
 
 Exhibit
 B 
 Intentionally
 Omitted 
 
 Exhibit
 C 
 Site Rules 
 
 Exhibit
 D 
 Form of
 Grant of Easement 
 
 Exhibit
 E 
 Amendment
 to Existing Lease 

27 

Schedule
1 

Payment Schedule 

All
capitalized terms used in this Schedule 1 shall have the meanings given in the Lease to which this Schedule is attached or those meanings
provided in this Schedule. 

Tenant
shall pay as rent under the Lease, the amount of 28,526.00 per calendar year of the Term (the Rent Payment ). The
Rent Payment shall not be subject to adjustment during the Term. 

The
Rent Payment with respect to any period which is less than a calendar year, shall be prorated in accordance with the length of such period. 

Exhibit
A-1 

Legal
Description of the Overall Property 

All
of Section No. 6, in Block B-2, Certificate No. 1/775, Abstract No. 1099, Patented to Louis Grabbe on June 28, 1922, Patent No. 203,
Vol. 14A, Briscoe county, Texas, SAVE AND EXCEPT a 100 foot strip containing 6.89 acres, more or less, conveyed by deed dated May 10,
1927, from Louis Grabbe, Individually and as Survivor in Community of the Estate of Birdie Grabbe and himself, to the Fort Worth and
Denver South Plains Railway Company, recorded in Vol. 24, Page 5 , Deed Records, Briscoe County, Texas, to which deed reference
is hereby made for a more particular description of the property therein conveyed; and further SAVE AND EXCEPT a tract out of said Section
No. 6, Block B-2, Briscoe County, Texas, conveyed by Warner Grabbe to Briscoe County, Texas, by deed dated August 15, 1936, recorded
in Vol. 31, Page 443, Deed Records, Briscoe County, Texas, to which deed reference is hereby made for a more particular description of
the property therein described. 

28 

Exhibit
A-2 

Legal
Description of the Leased Property 

29 

Exhibit
B 

Intentionally Omitted 

30 

Exhibit
C 

Site Rules 

During
the Term of the Lease, Tenant and all Tenant Parties shall follow the following rules while on the Property, to the extent such rules
are applicable to Tenant s use of the Leased Property as set forth in the Lease: 

1. Housing
on the Property. In no event shall Tenant construct or otherwise locate any improvements designed for purposes of housing individuals
on the Leased Property; however, Tenant may (i) work on the Leased Property twenty-four (24) hours per day as necessary; (ii) install
temporary portable structure(s) onto the Leased Property for use as construction office(s) throughout the duration of construction activities. 

2. Animals
on the Property. All Tenant personnel shall be respectful towards grazing animals on the Leased Property, shall not chase any animal
and shall avoid any contact with any animals or wildlife on the Leased Property. Tenant shall have the right to permanently remove Owner s
fences, gates and cattle guards, but only as reasonably necessary to accommodate Tenant s use of the Leased Property pursuant to
the Lease. 

3. Maintenance
of the Property. All Tenant personnel shall minimize, to the extent reasonably possible, the creation of dust, and shall water roads
and other surface as necessary to minimize the creation and spread of dust. Tenant shall keep the Leased Property free from debris and
waste arising from its use of the Leased Property. Within 30 days following the completion of the Tenant s Improvements, Tenant
shall remove from the Leased Property all refuse, litter and debris created by Tenant or any Tenant Party. Tenant shall use commercially
reasonable efforts not to remove or destroy any vegetation on the Leased Property, and, if Tenant performs any construction work, Tenant
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to eliminate noxious weeds on the Leased Property during and after completion of construction
in locations where construction took place. Owner shall approve any pesticide used on the Leased Property prior to Tenant applying the
same for any reason. 

(a) Weeds .
If unwanted or noxious weeds or grasses grow on or along the roads built or used by Tenant or Tenant s facilities, if any, Tenant
agrees to pay for the application of an approved herbicide to the affected areas, including, without limitation, necessary costs incurred
in the control and eradication of bitterweed, broom snake weed, buffalo bur, African rue, and other noxious weeds, which may appear within
the confines of any roads installed or improved by Tenant, if any, and in the areas, immediately adjacent to any roads installed or improved
by Tenant, if any, so long as this Lease continues in force. 

(b) Brush.
 Tenant agrees to rake all brush cleared from the Leased Property during Tenant s construction of the Tenant s Improvements,
which shall be hauled to a place on Owner s property reasonably designated by Owner without interruption of the topsoil. The mesquite
cleared from the Leased Property by or on behalf of Tenant shall be grubbed. No grub or other material shall be piled or buried on the
Property. 

31 

4. Topsoil.
 Tenant shall use standard construction practices to preserve existing topsoil layers to the extent practical. Owner agrees that Tenant
may deposit such topsoil on the Leased Property or adjacent property owned by Owner at a location mutually agreed upon. 

5. Erosion.
 Tenant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize erosion caused by Tenant s construction of the Tenant s
Improvements, including erecting silt fences. The constructing of roads and the burying of lines shall be done in accordance with good
engineering and standard construction practices. 

6. Location
of Laydown. Tenant shall avoid unnecessary disturbance of areas adjacent to its lay-down and construction areas. 

7. Construction
of Roads. Subject to the below requirements, Tenant shall be entitled to construct roads, culverts, bridges and related improvements
on the Leased Property, and to improve and upgrade any roads, culverts, bridges and related improvements from time to time existing on
the Leased Property. 

8. Fire
Prevention. Tenant will employ prudent precautions to prevent fires, including avoiding the build-up of plant material under vehicles.
Tenant shall likewise take necessary precautions and act as a reasonably prudent person in the event of any county-wide burn ban or during
a period of Red Flag Warning. In the event a grass fire is started, Owner shall be notified promptly upon Tenant becoming aware of such
fire. Tenant agrees to pay to Owner for all damages resulting from fires (whether located on the Leased Property or adjacent lands owed
by Owner) that are caused by Tenant, its employees, contractors, agents or any guest or invitee of Tenant. Such payment shall be due
and payable within one hundred and twenty days from the date the cost of the damages are agreed to by the Parties. Such payment shall
in no way limit or waive Lessor s right to obtain payment for fire damage to animals, structures, equipment or other things located
on the Property, or lands adjacent to the Property. 

9. Drainage
Tiles. With respect to drainage tiles located on the Leased Property as of the Execution Date, if any, Owner agrees that Tenant may
reroute, at Tenant s sole expense, any drainage tiles which may conflict with the locations of the Tenant s Improvements.
Tenant shall bear the cost of having a responsible, insured and experienced field tile contractor repair or rebuild the tiles damaged
by Tenant s construction of the Tenant s Improvements. 

10. Prohibited
Activities. Tenant is prohibited from engaging in any of the following activities on the Leased Property: (a) hunting and/or fishing,
or bringing poisons, traps, weapons or other firearms, (b) transportation onto the Leased Property of any domestic animals, regardless
of whether such domestic animals are kept in Tenant s vehicles, (c) possession or consumption of alcohol or illegal drugs, (d)
smoking of any sort (cigarettes, cigars, etc.), with the exception that smoking shall be permitted at specially designated smoking locations,
(e) possession of fishing equipment and/or firearms of any kind or nature, and (f) motorcycles. Tenant shall notify all contractors that
such activities are prohibited and use commercially reasonable efforts to require contractors to avoid such activities. 

11. Improvement
Specifications. Tenant shall abide by the following minimum specifications, to the extent applicable to the Tenant s Improvements: 

32 

(a) Roadways . 

(i) The
 parties agree that Tenant will employ a professional dirt contracting company, agreeable
 to both parties, to build any new roads and maintain existing roads utilized by Tenant. If
 the parties cannot agree on a dirt contractor then Tenant shall solicit offers from three
 contractors and Tenant shall have the right to choose which of these companies to employ.
 Owner may request that Tenant utilize a different professional dirt contracting company;
 provided, however, Owner shall be responsible for any additional costs above the costs of
 the company chosen by Tenant. At Owner s option, any such additional costs may be deducted
 from payments due to Owner from Tenant under this Agreement. 

(ii) The
 causeway of any road installed or improved by Tenant shall not be wider than is reasonably
 necessary to facilitate Tenant s operations upon the Property. 

(iii) On
 any roads installed or improved by Tenant, a 6 compacted caliche base shall be added
 to the dirt crown of the road and the compacted caliche base shall be maintained at 6 
 by Tenant. 

(iv) Any
 roads installed or improved by Tenant shall be caliched up to the cattle guard. 

(v) All
 roads utilized or installed by Tenant shall be kept in a good, level, compacted condition,
 with a good crown to prevent water from running down the road, reasonably free of potholes
 and damage resulting from wind, water, and traffic erosion. 

(vi) Tenant
 shall create diversions or terraces in all roads it installs or utilizes, reasonably requested
 by Tenant where needed to prevent erosion of the road and where water drains off of the road
 and where Tenant s equipment may cause ruts or tracks either in laying or removal operations,
 Tenant shall construct terraces and turnouts sufficient to prevent erosion to Owner s
 reasonable satisfaction. 

(vii) All
 brush shall be grubbed and kept clear of such roadway for 10 feet on either side of the road.
 All mesquite, cedar, grease wood, or other brush shall be grubbed and raked into piles. 

(viii) In
 the event Tenant uses existing roads on the Property, Tenant shall maintain such roads as
 follows: (i) during construction, if any, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, maintain
 such roads to the extent commercially practicable to keep them in the same condition as present
 prior to construction; and (ii) after the completion of construction, if any, Tenant shall,
 at its sole cost and expense, leave such roads in substantially the same condition that they
 were in prior to the use of such roads by Tenant. 

33 

(b) Fence
 Corner, Line Brace, Cattle Guard and Gate . 

(i) The
 parties agree that Tenant will employ a professional fencing company, agreeable to both parties,
 to install all such braces, stretch all such fences, and install all cattle guards, but only
 to the extent Tenant installs any such braces, fences or cattle guards on the Property. If
 the parties cannot agree on a fencing or cattle guard contractor then Tenant shall solicit
 offers from three contractors and Tenant shall have the right to choose which of these companies
 to employ. Owner may request that Tenant utilize a different fencing company; provided, however,
 Owner shall be responsible for any additional costs above the cost of the company chosen
 by Tenant. At Owner s option, any such additional costs may be deducted from payments
 due to Owner from Tenant under this Agreement. 

(ii) To
 the extent applicable to the Tenant s Improvements, Tenant shall not cut nor create
 any opening in any present or future fence or fences without first adequately bracing by
 installing a permanent brace during construction and as appropriate a fence corner, line
 brace, cattle guard, and/or gate thereafter which meets the standards herein. All openings
 in fences shall be H braced with dead-man bracing as follows: All metal pipe shall be not
 less than 4 in diameter, 1/4 thick walls, 10 in length, 5 being
 in the ground, cemented and tamped top to bottom, 5 above the ground, cross-braced
 with two 10 long 2 7/8 pipes for the H brace and one 2 7/8 pipe from
 the H diagonally to kicker brace, all pipe welded solidly with complete welds to posts. All
 pipe to be wire brushed, coated with OSPHO rust inhibitor, and one coat of aluminum paint.
 All concrete will be allowed to set for a minimum of 36 hours before attaching wire to the
 posts. All pipe openings shall be capped with metal caps. Cattle guards shall be attached
 to the H brace with five feet high, 4 gauge, galvanized welded wire with 4 x 4 
 openings. At each point where Tenant installs a cattle guard, the same shall be constructed
 by Tenant as a raised cattle guard not less than 9 x 16 as follows: The top
 of the cattle guard shall be 3 feet above the ground level after caliche is placed under
 the cattle guard. Each cattle guard shall rest on concrete supports which are adequate for
 heavy truck traffic. All such cattle guards shall meet Owner specifications. Tenant shall
 maintain all cattle guards it installs in good condition with fences properly attached so
 as to prevent livestock from passing between the cattle guard and fence. Tenant shall keep
 the area beneath the cattle guard cleaned out to maintain the 3-foot space between the ground
 level and cattle guard and it shall be maintained free of vegetation. In the event, any cattle
 guard installed by Tenant is damaged by Tenant, falls into disrepair, or for any other reason
 does not meet the Owner s standards and specifications, Tenant will either repair the
 same or replace the same in such a manner as to meet Owner s standards and specifications
 within thirty (30) days of Owner s notification to Tenant of the need for the same.
 All cattle guards shall be equipped with gates. 

(iii) Tenant
 shall keep all gates on the Leased Property closed at all times when such gates are not in
 use. 

34 

(iv) If
 requested by Owner, Tenant agrees to install cattle guards and gates at any fence crossing
 over any new road constructed by Tenant, if any. 

(v) All
 cattle guards on the Leased Property shall be properly attached to prevent livestock from
 passing between the cattle guard and the adjacent fence. 

(vi) All
 access gates installed and/or utilized by Tenant shall remain padlocked always, with keys
 to each lock provided to Owner for each gate; In the event the Tenant opens a gate and needs
 to keep such gate open for an extended period to enable construction activities to proceed
 in a given area, Tenant shall station personnel at the open gate for the duration of the
 work day and close the gate at the end of the day. In the event the location of any improvements
 require that any Owner corral, fence, cattle guard, water trough or other Owner improvement
 on the Property be moved from its original location, Tenant shall move such Owner improvement
 (or a replacement thereof, as necessary), to a location as near as practicable to the existing
 location on the Leased Property and as designated by Owner (if such location is consistent
 with all applicable rules, regulations and restrictions). 

(vii) Where
 Tenant has determined removal is necessary to avoid interference with its activities, Tenant
 shall rebuild or replace any gate, fence, or cattle guard at Tenant s expense. 

(viii) All
 gates, fences, and cattle guards installed by Tenant, if any, shall be, at a minimum, sufficient
 to withstand both Owner and Tenant s uses of the Property. 

(ix) In
 no event, shall Tenant be responsible for any acts or omissions, any removal of fences, roads
 and other improvements, any damage to the Property, any improvements or other property placed
 thereon, or any nuisance caused by, any third person who is not a Tenant Party (defined as
 an agent, employee, or contractor of Tenant) or is not otherwise acting on behalf of Tenant,
 including without limitation any Owner Party (defined as an agent, employee, or contractor
 of Owner). 

(x) Temporary
 openings in all fences made by Tenant shall be kept closed by Tenant with temporary fencing
 adequately installed and maintained by Tenant to prevent entry or escape by all livestock
 and shall be coyote proof. 

(xi) Upon
 termination of this agreement, all cattle guards and gates shall become the property of Owner. 

(xii) The
 entrance to Owner s property shall be kept locked at all times except when traffic
 is passing through the same. 

35 

(c) 
 Trees. Trees removed in clearing for the installation
of underground or overhead cable lines shall be grubbed with the surface graded upon the completion of installation; however,
Tenant may not remove trees larger than ten (10) inches in diameter without Owner s consent. 

(d) 
 Cabling. Tenant shall provide As-Built drawings indicating
the location of buried cables on the Leased Property to Owner following the completion of construction. Tenant shall install markers
at all road crossings for any buried cables on the Leased Property. Tenant will make commercially reasonable efforts, to the extent practical,
to lay all underground connection lines and cables to a depth of three (3) feet below grade, but in any case, will bury project underground
connection lines and cables at not less than thirty (30) inches below grade. 

12. Tenant
or its contractors shall provide its employees with portable toilet facilities during construction of the Tenant s Improvements. 

13. [Intentionally omitted]. 

14. Owner s
Fences. Owner has all rights to install fencing, gates and cattle guards on the Property during the term of the Agreement; provided,
however, such fencing shall not interfere with Tenant s rights under the Agreement. 

15. Water/Caliche
Locations. Any caliche and/or water purchased from Owner shall be obtained from the locations designated by Owner within a reasonable
distance from the place of use. Tenant shall have and hereby assumes liability for damage to water wells, water tables, natural springs
and running water courses, tanks and waterings on Owner s property caused by Tenant in the exercise of any rights herein granted;
provided however, that Tenant shall not assume any liability for damage resulting from Owner s negligence or willful misconduct.
In this connection, no blasting shall be done in order to prevent damage to surrounding area. Provided further it is understood and agreed
that no water well shall be drilled upon the Property without the consent of Owner. 

16. Speed
Limit. All employees, contractors and agents of Tenant shall not exceed 15 miles per hour on any roads. 

36 

Exhibit
D 

Form
of Grant of Easement 

[See
attached.] 

37 

Exhibit
E 

Amendment to Existing Lease 

[See
attached.] 

38 

</EX-10.66>

<EX-10.67>
 7
 ex10-67.htm

Exhibit 10.67 

Execution
Version 

AMENDED
 AND RESTATED 
 
 CONTRIBUTION
 AGREEMENT 
 
 By
 and Among 
 
 Soluna
 SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC, 
 
 Soluna
 Holdings, Inc., 
 
 Soluna
 DV Devco, LLC 
 
 and 
 
 Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 
 
 Dated
 as of March 10, 2023 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS 
 1 

Section
 1.1 
 Definitions 
 1 

Section
 1.2 
 Interpretation 
 10 

ARTICLE
 II 
 CLOSING;
 INVESTMENT IN DVSL 
 11 

Section
 2.1 
 Agreement
 to Invest; Capital Commitment 
 11 

Section
 2.2 
 Capital
 Contributions 
 11 

Section
 2.3 
 Tax
 Characterization 
 12 

Section
 2.4 
 Closing;
 Fundings 
 13 

ARTICLE III 
 THE
 PROJECT; PROJECT DEVELOPMENT AND FINANCING 
 13 

Section
 3.1 
 DVSL 
 13 

Section
 3.2 
 Project
 Financing 
 13 

Section
 3.3 
 Project
 Development 
 14 

Section
 3.4 
 Cost
 Overruns 
 14 

ARTICLE IV 
 CONDITIONS
 TO CLOSING AND FUNDINGS 
 14 

Section
 4.1 
 Closing
 Conditions 
 14 

Section
 4.2 
 Conditions
 to Each Subsequent Contribution 
 17 

Section
 4.3 
 Cost
 Overruns Funding 
 19 

ARTICLE V 
 COVENANTS 
 20 

Section
 5.1 
 Conduct
 of Operations 
 20 

Section
 5.2 
 Financial
 Statements 
 21 

ARTICLE VI 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES OF DEVCO 
 21 

Section
 6.1 
 Formation;
 Powers 

Section
 6.2 
 Authority,
 Enforceability 
 21 

Section
 6.3 
 No
 Conflict 
 22 

Section
 6.4 
 No
 Indebtedness or Liens 
 22 

Section
 6.5 
 Ownership
 in DVSL and Devco 
 22 

Section
 6.6 
 Capitalization
 of Devco and DVSL 
 22 

Section
 6.7 
 Litigation
 and other Governmental Proceedings 
 22 

Section
 6.8 
 No
 Other Rights 
 22 

Section
 6.9 
 Foreign
 Assets Control Regulations and Anti-Money Laundering 
 23 

Section
 6.10 
 Patriot
 Act 
 23 

Section
 6.11 
 Disclosure;
 No Material Misstatements 
 23 

ARTICLE VIII 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES AS TO DVSL 
 24 

Section
 7.1 
 Organization;
 Powers 
 24 

Section
 7.2 
 Authority/Ownership 
 24 

Section
 7.3 
 Approvals;
 No Conflicts 
 24 

Section
 7.4 
 Financial
 Condition; No Material Adverse Effect 
 24 

Section
 7.5 
 Environmental
 Matters 
 24 

i 

Section
 7.6 
 Project
 Documents 
 25 

Section
 7.7 
 Compliance
 with Laws; Permits; Project Document; Financing Documents; Liabilities 
 25 

Section
 7.8 
 Tax
 Matters 
 26 

Section
 7.9 
 Employees 
 27 

Section
 7.10 
 Properties;
 Title 
 27 

Section
 7.11 
 Insurance 
 27 

Section
 7.12 
 Intellectual
 Property 
 27 

Section
 7.13 
 Real
 Property; Access 
 27 

Section
 7.14 
 Condemnation 
 28 

Section
 7.15 
 Notice
 to Proceed 
 28 

Section
 7.16 
 Utilities 
 28 

Section
 7.17 
 Subsidiaries 
 28 

Section
 7.18 
 Third
 Party Reports 
 28 

Section
 7.19 
 Disclosure;
 No Material Misstatements 
 29 

Section
 7.20 
 Litigation
 and other Governmental Proceedings 
 29 

Section
 7.21 
 No
 Other Rights 
 29 

ARTICLE VIII 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES AS TO INVESTORS 
 29 

Section
 8.1 
 Spring
 Lane 
 29 

Section
 8.2 
 Parent 
 30 

ARTICLE IX 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 33 

Section
 9.1 
 Indemnification 
 33 

Section
 9.2 
 Third
 Party Claims 
 34 

Section
 9.3 
 Indemnification
 Payments 
 35 

Section
 9.4 
 Tax
 Treatment 
 35 

Section
 9.5 
 Indemnified
 Party Negligence or Misconduct; Breach 
 35 

Section
 9.6 
 No
 Consequential Damages 
 35 

ARTICLE X 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 35 

Section
 10.1 
 Amendments 
 35 

Section
 10.2 
 Notices 
 37 

Section
 10.3 
 Binding
 Effect; Assignment 
 37 

Section
 10.4 
 No
 Finder s Fees 
 37 

Section
 10.5 
 Entire
 Agreement 
 37 

Section
 10.6 
 Delay
 and Waiver 
 37 

Section
 10.7 
 Severability 
 37 

Section
 10.8 
 Governing
 Law; Jurisdiction and Service of Process 
 37 

Section
 10.9 
 Payment
 of Fees and Costs 
 38 

Section
 10.10 
 Patriot
 Act 
 38 

Section
 10.11 
 Further
 Assurances 
 38 

Section
 10.12 
 Counterpart;
 Electronic Signatures 
 38 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
A Form of Contribution Request 

 Exhibit
B Form of Administrative Services Agreement 
Exhibit C Form of Shared Facilities Agreement 

SCHEDULES 

Schedule
1 Closing Consents 

 Schedule
2 Insurance 

 Schedule
7.8 Tax Matters 

ii 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 

This
AMENDED AND RESTATED CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of March ___, 2023, by
and among Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation Parent ), Soluna DV Devco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Devco ), Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company DVSL ),
and Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited partnership Spring Lane , and together with the Parent,
the Devco and DVSL, the Parties ). 

A. The
 Parties entered into that certain Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Effective Date
 (as defined below) (the Existing Contribution Agreement ). 

B. On
 the date hereof, the Parties have entered into the DVSL Operating Agreement (as defined below)
 and the 2023 Purchase Agreement (as defined below), and related ancillary agreements and
 documents, and the Parties desire to amend and restate the Existing Contribution Agreement
 in connection with the transactions contemplated by the foregoing agreements and documents. 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the agreements contained herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 
DEFINITIONS 

Section
1.1 Definitions . Terms capitalized herein other than for grammatical reasons and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning
established in this Article I . Such terms not defined herein shall have the meanings established in the DVSL Operating Agreement. 

Administrative
Services Agreement means the Administrative Services Contract between the Asset Administrator and DVSL, substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit B or as may otherwise be reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane and Asset Administrator, and as
the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to a written agreement specifying the terms of such amendment or
supplement that are reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane. 

Affiliate 
means with respect to any Person, any Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
Person. 

Aggregate
Commitment Amount means, collectively, the Parent Commitment and Spring Lane Commitment. 

Agreement 
means this Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Approved
Expenses means the documented Project Costs incurred by Devco, DVSL, or their respective Affiliates in respect of the Project
prior to the Closing, in accordance with the Project Budget and Project Pro Forma in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, the Development
Reimbursement, as set forth in the Contribution Request. 

Asset
Administrator means POCo in its capacity as the asset administrator, its successors or permitted assigns, in each case, pursuant
to the Administrative Services Agreement. 

Authorized
Officer means, as to any Person, a duly appointed officer of such Person to whom authority has been duly delegated to act
on behalf of and bind such Person in connection with the Transaction Documents. 

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any day that commercial banks in New York, New York are not authorized
or required to be closed. 

Capital
Commitment Expiration Date means the earlier of (i) the date that is forty-eight (48) months from the Effective Date and (ii)
such earlier date as the Aggregate Commitment Amount is fully allocated to the Project or this Agreement is terminated in accordance
with its terms. 

Class
B Membership Interests has the meaning established in the DVSL Operating Agreement. 

Closing 
means the parties hereto and thereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the conditions
to the First Contribution have been satisfied or waived and the First Contribution has been made. 

Closing
Consents means the third party consents and approvals required to be obtained by any Transaction Party as of the Effective
Date in order to enter into the Transaction Documents being executed and delivered on or prior to the Effective Date and perform its
obligations thereunder, which consents are listed in Schedule 1 . 

Commercial
Operation means, with respect to a Project, that the Project has commenced operating commercially in the manner intended and
in accordance with the EPC Agreement. 

Completion 
means, as to the Project, that (i) both Substantial Completion and Commercial Operation have occurred, (ii) all Project Documents are
in full force and effect other than those that have expired in accordance with their terms, there are no outstanding defaults thereunder
(or notices of default that remain uncured), and no events have occurred that, with notice and the passage of time, would constitute,
defaults thereunder, and (iii) all Permits and Consents required to operate and maintain the Project have been procured and are in full
force and effect. 

Contract 
means any agreement, instrument, mortgage, other evidence of indebtedness, license, lease or arrangement of any kind, written or oral,
by which a Person is bound under which it has rights. 

Contractor 
or EPC Contractor means, with respect to the EPC Agreement, the Person identified as such therein, who shall initially
be POCo. 

Contribution
Date has the meaning established in Section 2.4(b) . 

1 

Contribution
Request means a written request delivered by DVSL to Parent and Spring Lane to make a Subsequent Contribution, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A with appropriate insertions. 

Cost
Overrun Contingency means, with respect to a Project, 1,611,299. 

Defense
Election has the meaning established in Section 9.2(b) . 

Development
Reimbursement means an amount not to exceed 183,135, to be paid to Devco in respect of certain Project Costs incurred by
Devco prior to the Effective Date, such amount and the timing of and source of funds for any payments in respect thereof as mutually
agreed upon by Spring Lane and Devco. 

DVSL 
has the meaning established in the preamble. 

DVSL
Interests has the meaning established in Section 3.1(a) . 

DVSL
Operating Agreement means the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of DVSL, among Devco,
Parent and Spring Lane, dated as of the date hereof. 

Effective
Date shall mean August 5, 2022. 

Environmental
Laws means all Laws applicable or pertaining to the regulation or protection of the environment, the health and safety of
persons with respect to exposure to Hazardous Materials and all other environmental matters and shall include all orders, decrees, judgments
and rulings imposed through any public or private enforcement proceedings, relating to Hazardous Materials or the existence, use, discharge,
release, containment, transportation, generation, storage, management or disposal thereof, or otherwise regulating or providing for the
protection of the environment. 

EPC
Agreement means, for the Project, an engineering, procurement and construction contract between the Contractor and DVSL for
the construction and installation of the Project, in a form reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane, as the same may be amended or supplemented
from time to time, pursuant to a written agreement specifying the terms of such amendment or supplement that are acceptable to Spring
Lane. 

EPC
NTP means, with respect to the EPC Agreement, the issuance of a notice to proceed by DVSL to the EPC Contractor triggering
commencement of the full scope of work under the EPC Agreement. 

Equipment 
means computers, electrical infrastructure, racks, air movers, data infrastructure and other equipment required for the Completion of
the Project. 

Final
Completion means, in respect of the Project, that the Contractor has satisfied all obligations under the EPC Agreement in
accordance with the EPC Agreement. 

2 

Financing
Documents means any or all of the agreements, instruments, certificates or other documents evidencing or related to Qualifying
Debt. 

First
Contribution means (i) Parent s initial Contribution to DVSL in the aggregate amount of US 8,112,548.64, of which US 8,112,548.64
shall be deemed to be contributed to DVSL by Parent through payment of capital expenditures and development costs made on behalf of DVSL
by Parent prior to the date hereof, and (ii) Spring Lane s initial Contribution to DVSL in the aggregate amount of US 3,851,317.42. 

FPA 
means the Federal Power Act, as amended, and all rules and regulations adopted thereunder. 

GAAP 
means the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as then in effect. 

Governmental
Authority means, with respect to any matter, any federal, state, provincial or local government or any political subdivision
thereof, taxing authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, ministry, agency, authority, department, commission, board or bureau thereof
or any federal, state or local court, tribunal or arbitrator, in each case, having jurisdiction over or with respect to the applicable
Person or Project, or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the Project Documents, as applicable, or the performance
thereunder of the parties thereto. 

Hazardous
Materials means any substance (i) the presence, use, handling, transport, release or disposal of which requires notification,
investigation or remediation under any Environmental Laws; (ii) which is or becomes defined as a hazardous waste , hazardous
material , hazardous substance , toxic substance , pollutant , or contaminant ,
or any similar term or designation under any Environmental Law; or (iii) consisting of gasoline, diesel fuel, motor oil, crude oil or
other petroleum hydrocarbons or products or volatile organic compounds. 

Indebtedness 
of any Person at any date means, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of
such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred
purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) all obligations
of such Person under leases that are or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases in respect of which such Person
is liable; (v) all obligations of such Person to purchase securities (or other property) that arise out of or in connection with the
sale of the same or substantially similar securities (or property); (vi) all deferred obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank
or other Person in respect of amounts paid or advanced under a letter of credit or other instrument; (vii) all indebtedness of others
secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such indebtedness is assumed by such Person; (viii) all indebtedness of
others guaranteed by such Person; and (ix) the net obligations as of the day of determination of such Person in respect of interest rate
hedge agreements, commodity hedges, currency agreements or other derivative transactions. 

Indemnification
Notice has the meaning established in Section 9.2(a) . 

Indemnified
Claims has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

3 

Indemnified
Costs has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

Indemnified
Parties has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

Indemnifying
Party means either a Parent Indemnifying Party or an Investor Indemnifying Party. 

Independent
Engineer has the meaning established in Section 4.1(j) . 

Insurance
Policies means insurance policies satisfying the requirements of Schedule 2 . 

Intellectual
Property shall mean any or all of the following and all rights therein, whether arising under the laws of the United States
or any other jurisdiction (i) all patents and patent applications (and all reissues, divisions, re-examinations, renewals, extensions,
provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof), patent disclosures and inventions (whether patentable or not); (ii) all
trade secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information; (iii) all copyrights and copyrightable works (including computer
programs) and registrations and applications therefor and any renewals, modifications and extensions thereof; (iv) all moral and economic
rights of authors and inventors, however denominated, throughout the world; (v) unregistered and registered design rights and any registrations
and applications for registration thereof; (vi) trademarks, service marks, trade names, service names, brand names, trade dress, logos,
slogans, corporate names, trade styles, URLs, domain names and other source or business identifiers, whether registered or not, together
with all applications therefor and all extensions and renewals thereof and all goodwill associated therewith; (vii) semiconductor chip
 mask works, and registrations and applications for registration thereof, (viii) database rights; (ix) all other forms of
intellectual property, including waivable or assignable rights of publicity or moral rights; (x) processes, methodologies, know how,
engineering, drawings, plans and product specifications, and all other information and data relating to the Equipment, and any licenses,
license agreements and applications related to any of the foregoing (xii) and any similar, corresponding or equivalent rights to any
of the foregoing anywhere in the world. 

Internal
Rate of Return means the discount rate which makes (i) the sum of the present values of each distribution made to a Party,
when discounted to their present values as of the date of each Capital Contribution made by such Party at such discount rate equal to
(ii) the sum of the separate present values of each Capital Contribution made to DVSL by the applicable Party, when discounted to their
present values as of the date of each applicable Capital Contribution made by such Party, using the same discount rate. The XIRR function
in Microsoft Excel, U.S. English Version or any other program approved by Spring Lane shall be used to calculate IRR. The Internal Rate
of Return with respect to a Party shall be deemed to include any amount paid or received by any predecessor in interest of such Party. 

Investment
Package means the material to be delivered to Spring Lane at the Closing, including the Project Budget, the Project Pro Forma,
Permits, Project Documents as then in effect, the Financing Documents (if any at such time) as executed or in the forms to be executed. 

Investor
Indemnified Claims has the meaning established in Section 9.1(a) . 

Investor
Indemnified Costs has the meaning established in Section 9.1(a) . 

4 

Investor
Indemnified Parties has the meaning established in Section 9.1(a) . 

Investor
Indemnifying Party has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

Laws 
means all laws, statutes, directives, codes, resolutions, enactments, treaties, ordinances, judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs and
orders of any Governmental Authority and rules, regulations, orders, interpretations and approvals in respect thereof. 

Lessor 
means POCo. 

Liability 
means any liability, obligation, indebtedness, cost, expense, or penalty (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether
absolute or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including
any liability for Taxes. 

Lien 
means any lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, mortgage, deed of trust, security interest, charge, option, right of first refusal,
right of first offer, easement, covenant, condition, restriction, declaration, servitude, transfer restriction, encumbrance, claims or
other rights or interests of any kind whatsoever. 

Manager 
has the meaning established in the DVSL Operating Agreement. 

Material
Adverse Effect means, (a) with respect to DVSL or Devco, a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect on the business,
operations, Properties, Liabilities or financial condition of such Person; (b) a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect
on (i) with respect to Devco, Parent or DVSL, the ability of such Person to perform any of its material obligations under any Transaction
Document, Financing Document or Project Document to which it is a party, as the case may be; or (ii) the validity or enforceability of
any Transaction Document or any Project Document; except, in each case, to the extent that such change or effect results from events
or conditions affecting the economy generally (provided that such events or conditions do not affect such Person and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, in a disproportionate manner relative to similarly situated participants in the market or markets in which such Person
operates, if any similarly situated participants then exist). 

O M
Agreement means the operations and maintenance agreement between DVSL and O M Provider for the operation and maintenance
of the Project, in a form reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, pursuant
to a written agreement specifying the terms of such amendment or supplement that are acceptable to Spring Lane. 

O M
Provider means POCo in its capacity as operator, or its successors or permitted assigns, in each case, pursuant to the O M
Agreement. 

Parent 
means Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Parent
Commitment means the amount equal to (a) the total aggregate amount of Capital Contributions funded by Parent as of March
10, 2023 plus (b) US 1,500,000. 

5 

Parent
Indemnified Claims has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

Parent
Indemnified Costs has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

Parent
Indemnified Parties has the meaning established in Section 9.1(b) . 

Parent
Indemnifying Party has the meaning established in Section 9.1(a) . 

Parent
Parties means, individually and collectively, Parent and its wholly owned direct or indirect subsidiaries, or any of its Affiliates. 

Patriot
Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
Act of 2001, P.L. 107-56. 

Permit 
means, with respect to DVSL, the Project or the Shared Facilities, any license, consent, permit, authorization, requirement, environmental
plan, certificate, waiver, franchise, variance, order, decision, registration, ruling and other approval or permission necessary or appropriate,
including as to zoning, environmental protection, sanitation, energy regulation, safety, siting or building, required to be obtained
from any Governmental Authority to permit the development, construction, operation and ownership of the relevant Project. 

Permitted
Indebtedness means (i) trade or other similar Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business (but not for borrowed
money) that is not past due; (ii) contingent liabilities of DVSL at any time outstanding (A) for the endorsement of negotiable instruments
received in the ordinary course of business; (B) required under any Permit or Project Document; (iii) under or in respect of performance
bonds, letters of credit, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds, financial assurances and completion guarantees, indemnification obligations,
obligations to pay insurance premiums, take or pay obligations and similar obligations, obligations arising in the ordinary course under
leases, subleases and other Project Documents in each case contemplated in the Investment Package or as otherwise approved by Spring
Lane; (iv) obligations arising under the Transaction Documents, and (vi) subject to the terms of this Agreement, Qualifying Debt. 

Permitted
Lien means (i) liens securing Qualifying Debt approved as provided herein or pursuant to the DVSL Operating Agreement; (ii)
any liens or encumbrances provided for in the Project Documents (other than as a result of a breach thereof); (iii) liens for Taxes,
impositions, assessments, fees, or other governmental charges levied, assessed or imposed that are not yet due and payable or liens for
Taxes that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves are maintained in accordance
with GAAP; (iv) statutory liens (including for mechanic s or materialmen and other similar liens) for amounts that either are not
yet due or such liens as are being contested in good faith for which adequate reserves have been established; (v) judgment liens during
such time as the underlying judgment is being duly contested by appropriate measures for which adequate reserves or other security reasonably
satisfactory to Spring Lane have been established; (vi) other encumbrances disclosed in the Investment Package; and (vii) minor defects,
utility easements and rights-of-way, restrictive covenants and other similar encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business
and encumbrances consisting of zoning restrictions or minor imperfections in title that are not material to DVSL or the Project or the
operation of its respective businesses. 

6 

Person 
means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization,
joint venture, government or political subdivision or agency thereof. 

POCo 
means Soluna DV Services Co LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 

Project 
means the variable data center engaged in cryptocurrency, batch processing or other non crypto related activities, to be owned by DVSL
that will be located in Briscoe County, Texas at the location more specifically described in the Sublease including, without limitation,
the development, design, engineering, permitting, procurement, construction, civil works, installation, integration, commissioning, start-up,
testing, completion, financing, operation and maintenance of the same, and any activities similar to any of the foregoing. For the avoidance
of doubt, the Project shall not include the Shared Facilities. 

Project
Budget means, for the Project and the Shared Facilities, a budget delivered with the Investment Package that shows all Project
Costs on a line item basis anticipated to be incurred through Final Completion of the Project, together with a balanced statement of
uses and anticipated sources of funds, consistent with the Project Pro Forma. 

Project
Costs means, for the Project and the Shared Facilities, as applicable and without duplication, all (i) amounts payable by
DVSL under the EPC Agreement; (ii) the amounts payable by DVSL under the EPC Agreement (Shared Facilities); (iii) amounts payable by
DVSL pursuant to the Sublease and Sublease (Shared Facilities) during construction of the Project and any other real estate rights necessary
for the development, construction, installation, commissioning, start up and testing of the Project or the Shared Facilities; (iv) insurance
costs (without duplication) incurred by DVSL related to the design, development, construction, commissioning, start-up, testing and ownership
of the Project; (v) all taxes, assessments or charges payable under applicable Law by DVSL with respect to the construction, installation,
and commissioning of the Project; (vi) out-of-pocket costs incurred and payable by DVSL in respect of professional advisors (including
legal counsel), consultants and other experts or otherwise in connection with the design, development, financing, construction, installation
and commissioning of the Project; (vii) all amounts payable by DVSL pursuant to the Shared Facilities Agreement and any Project Document
(Shared Facilities); and (viii) all other out-of-pocket costs directly relating to the development, engineering, financing, procurement,
construction, permitting, installation, start-up, testing and commissioning of the Project. For the avoidance of doubt, Project Costs
include Approved Expenses and any Cost Overrun Contingency Contributions, except as otherwise specified herein, but do not include Spring
Lane s due diligence costs. 

Project
Documents means, collectively, the Project Documents (Shared Facilities) and the Project Documents (DVSL). 

Project
Documents (Shared Facilities) means the Shared Facilities Agreement, the Administrative Services Contract (Shared Facilities)
(or defined in the Shared Facilities Agreement), the EPC Agreement (Shared Facilities) (as defined in the Shared Facilities Agreement),
the O M Contract (Shared Facilities) (as defined in the Shared Facilities Agreement), the Sublease (Shared Facilities), and each
other agreement (if any) required for the ownership, development, engineering, procurement, financing, construction, operation and maintenance
of the Shared Facilities. 

7 

Project
Documents (DVSL) means the EPC Agreement, the Sublease, the O M Agreement and, as specified herein or in the Investment
Package, each other agreement required for the ownership, development, engineering, procurement, financing, construction, operation and
maintenance of the Project (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Shared Facilities), including agreements or other documents covering
or otherwise evidencing arrangements with third party developers, engineering, procurement, construction, installation, operation and
maintenance, real property rights, and related third party consents and acknowledgements, Permitted Indebtedness, and Permitted Liens.
Each Project Document as referred to herein shall mean the Project Document as in effect as of the applicable time. 

Project
Pro Forma means a financial model agreed to by Parent and Spring Lane showing the economic results that Parent expects from
ownership of DVSL over a period of seven (7) years, which shall include the costs of the Shared Facilities. 

Project
Schedule means a reasonably detailed development, construction, and commissioning schedule for the Project and the Shared
Facilities (which shall include a critical path schedule and all key project milestones), and related milestone payment dates under the
applicable Project Document. 

Project
Site means the site on which the Project will be constructed and operated, the Shared Facilities and the premises under the
Sublease. 

Property 
means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real property, personal property, tangible or intangible, including Permits,
Intellectual Property and Contracts. 

Property
Rights means, as to DVSL, its rights in and to Property. 

Prudent
Industry Practices means those practices, methods, equipment, specifications and standards of safety and performance as are
(i) used to own, manage, operate and maintain variable data centers and/or crypto-mining centers of the type that are similar to the
Project, safely, reliably and efficiently and in compliance with applicable Laws, manufacturers warranties and manufacturers 
recommendations; and (ii) are consistent with the exercise of the reasonable judgment, skill, diligence, foresight and care in order
to efficiently accomplish the desired result consistent with manufacturers warranties, manufacturers recommendations and
the Project Documents, in each case, taking into account the location of the Project, including climatic, environmental and general conditions.
 Prudent Industry Practices are not intended to be limited to a single practice or method to the exclusion of others, but
may encompass a range of practices or methods generally accepted or approved by a significant portion of the power generation industry
as reasonably applied to the Project during the relevant time period as good, safe and prudent practices in connection with the design,
engineering, construction, operation, maintenance, repair and use of such facility, with commensurate standards of safety, performance,
dependability, efficiency and economy. 

PUHCA 
means the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, and all rules and regulations adopted thereunder. 

8 

Qualifying
Debt means one or more secured or unsecured loan or credit facilities pursuant to which DVSL incurs debt to finance the development
and construction of the Project having terms reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane. 

Real
Property Interests means all real property interests held by DVSL in connection with the Project, whether such Person owns
a fee interest or holds a leasehold interest as a tenant, an easement right as an easement holder, an option, or a license right as a
licensee or otherwise occupies or has interests in real property. 

Shared
Facilities has the meaning established in the Shared Facilities Agreement. 

Shared
Facilities Agreement means the Co-Tenancy and Shared Facilities Agreement by and among DVSL, POCo and the other computing
companies having projects adjacent to the Project and sharing the Shared Facilities with DVSL, in substantially the form attached hereto
as Exhibit C , as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to a written agreement specifying the terms
of such amendment or supplement that are acceptable to Spring Lane. 

Shared
Premises has the meaning established in the Shared Facilities Agreement. 

Spring
Lane has the meaning established in the preamble. 

Spring
Lane Commitment means the amount equal to (a) the total aggregate amount of Capital Contributions funded by Spring Lane as
of March 10, 2023 plus (b) US 3,000,000. 

Sublease 
means the Sublease Agreement pursuant to which Lessor has granted to DVSL an undivided sub-leasehold interest in the Project Site, as
the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to a written agreement specifying the terms of such amendment or
supplement that are acceptable to Spring Lane. 

Sublease
(Shared Facilities) means those provisions in the Shared Facilities Agreement pursuant to which Lessor has granted to DVSL
and other computing companies an Undivided Interest in the Shared Premises, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time,
pursuant to a written agreement specifying the terms of such amendment or supplement that are acceptable to Spring Lane. 

Subsequent
Contribution means a capital contribution other than the First Contribution made by Spring Lane or Parent to DVSL in accordance
with this Agreement. 

Substantial
Completion means substantial completion or similar term under the EPC Agreement. 

Target
Return means an amount where the cash distributed to a Class B Member (including any Tax Distributions) equals a eighteen
percent (18 Internal Rate of Return on the Capital Contributions made such Class B Member as of the date of determination, as calculated
consistent with the Project Pro Forma. 

9 

Tax 
means all taxes, charges, fees and levies imposed under applicable Law by any Governmental Authority, including any gross or net income,
gross receipts, capital gains, franchise, premium, profits, sales, use, value-added, transfer, employment or payroll, ad valorem, environmental,
excise, license, occupation, real or personal property, intangible property, minimum, alternative minimum, severance, stamp, withholding,
or windfall profits tax, custom, duty or other charge, fee or tax, together with any interest, charge, penalty, addition to tax or additional
amount related thereto. 

Third
Party Claim means any claim, action, cause of action or suit, litigation, controversy, assessment, arbitration, investigation,
inquiry, hearing, charge, complaint, demand, notice or proceeding initiated by any Person other than a party to this Agreement or any
Affiliate of a party to this Agreement, including by or before any Governmental Authority. 

Transaction
Documents means collectively this Agreement, the DVSL Operating Agreement, the Project Documents, the Financing Documents,
and the other documents, instruments, or certificates relating to or delivered under this Agreement at the Closing. 

Transaction
Party means any or all of Devco, DVSL, and each other Affiliate of Devco that is party to a Transaction Document. 

Section
1.2 Interpretation . 

(a) As
used in this Agreement and in any certificate or other documents made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, financial and accounting
terms not defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document, and financial and accounting terms partly defined in
this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them
under GAAP. To the extent that the definitions of financial and accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other
document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under GAAP, the definitions contained in this Agreement or in any such certificate
or other document shall control. 

(b) This
Agreement is the result of the joint efforts of the parties hereto, and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation,
negotiation and agreement of the parties and there is to be no construction against either party based on any presumption of that party s
involvement in the drafting hereof. Any reference to any Law shall be deemed also to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
and such laws and regulations as amended from time to time, unless the context requires otherwise. Whenever used in this Agreement, except
as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, any noun or pronoun shall be deemed to include the plural as
well as the singular and to cover all genders and the terms include, includes and including 
shall be inclusive and not exclusive and shall be deemed to be followed by the following phrase without limitation. Unless
otherwise specified, the terms hereof, herein, hereunder, herewith and similar
terms refer to this Agreement as a whole (including the schedules and exhibits to this Agreement) and references herein to Sections,
Articles, Schedules or Exhibits refer to the applicable sections, articles, schedules or exhibits of this Agreement; the words or 
and any are not exclusive and shall be interpreted to mean and/or and any and all , respectively.
All references to dollars or are to United States dollars. 

10 

(c) The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine
as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms. 

(d) Any
agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means
such agreement, instrument or statute as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and includes (in the
case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. 

(e) Any
references to a Person are also to its successors and permitted assigns. 

ARTICLE
II 
CLOSING; INVESTMENT IN DVSL 

Section
2.1 Agreement to Invest; Capital Commitment . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the DVSL Operating Agreement,
Spring Lane will make Capital Contributions to DVSL in an aggregate amount up to the Spring Lane Commitment, and the Parent will make
Capital Contributions to DVSL in an aggregate amount up to the Parent Commitment. 

Section
2.2 Capital Contributions . 

(a) On
the Effective Date, the Parent and Spring Lane made the First Contribution, and DVSL issued (i) to Devco 100 of the Class A Membership
Interests, (ii) to Spring Lane 32.2 of the Class B Membership Interests and admit Spring Lane as a Class B Member of DVSL, and (iii)
to the Parent 67.8 of the Class B Membership Interests and admit Parent as a Class B Member of DVSL, and subsequently, but prior to
February 10, 2023, the Parent and Spring Lane made Subsequent Contributions in accordance with the terms of the Existing Contribution
Agreement. 

(b) On
February 10, 2023, 3,554,068 additional Class B Membership Interests were issued to Spring Lane in exchange for an additional Capital
Contribution made by Spring Lane in the amount of 1,186,676 paid by Spring Lane as specified in the Contribution Request dated February
10, 2023, and immediately after the closing of such transaction, Spring Lane held 37.9 of the Class B Membership Interests and Parent
held 62.1 of the Class B Membership Interests. 

(c) On
March 3, 2023, 4,126,023 additional Class B Membership Interests were issued to Spring Lane in exchange for an additional Capital Contribution
made by Spring Lane in the amount of 1,500,000 paid by Spring Lane as specified in the Contribution Request dated March 3, 2023, and
immediately after the closing of such transaction, Spring Lane held 43.39 of the Class B Membership Interests and Parent held 56.61 
of the Class B Membership Interests. 

(d) On
March 10, 2023, Soluna sold and transferred to Spring Lane, and Spring Lane purchased and accepted from Soluna, 19,539,897 Class B Membership
Interests for an aggregate purchase price of 7,500,000 in accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Purchase and Sale
Agreement dated as of March 10, 2023 (the 2023 Purchase Agreement ), and immediately after the closing of such transaction,
Spring Lane held 85.4 of the Class B Membership Interests and Parent held 14.6 of the Class B Membership Interests. 

11 

(e) For
each Subsequent Contribution, DVSL shall, in accordance with the terms of the DVSL Operating Agreement, submit to the Parent and Spring
Lane a fully completed Contribution Request not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed date therefor, unless such requirement
is waived by Spring Lane. In the event that Parent does not satisfy in full its obligation to make any Capital Contribution, Spring Lane
may elect to make an additional Capital Contribution in the amount of such short fall and such contribution shall constitute a Capital
Contribution under the DVSL Operating Agreement. 

(f) At
such time as the conditions thereto have been satisfied or waived as provided in Section 4.2 , the Parent and Spring Lane shall
make each Subsequent Contribution. 

(g) The
proceeds of each Subsequent Contribution shall be applied to pay Project Costs of the Project in accordance with the Project Budget.
Subsequent Contributions shall be made to pay Project Costs then due and payable based on the terms of the EPC Agreement, Project Budget
and Project Schedule. 

(h) The
Parent and Spring Lane shall have no obligation to make any Subsequent Contribution if the conditions to such Subsequent Contribution
are not satisfied or waived on or prior to the Capital Commitment Expiration Date; provided , that the Parent and Spring Lane shall
make Subsequent Contributions at such times following the Capital Commitment Expiration Date if the conditions to such Subsequent Contributions
are satisfied and the Contribution Request was received prior to the Capital Commitment Expiration Date, and the Contribution Request
provides for Subsequent Contributions to be made after the Capital Commitment Expiration Date. 

(i) Unless
otherwise agreed upon in writing by the Parent and Spring Lane, each Capital Contribution (including any Subsequent Contribution) shall
be made on a pro rata basis in proportion to the amount of Class B Membership Interests held by Parent and Spring Lane at the time of
any such Capital Contribution. Notwithstanding the forgoing, the Parties agree that all Project Costs due and payable from and after
January 1, 2023 that are funded by Capital Contributions shall be funded as if Parent owns 14.6 of the Class B Membership Interests
and Spring Lane owns 85.4 of the Class B Membership Interests. 

Section
2.3 Tax Characterization . 

(a) Prior
to the Effective Date, DVSL was treated as an entity that is disregarded as separate from Devco for federal income Tax purposes. 

(b) On
the Effective Date, (i) Parent and Spring Lane made their share of the First Contribution to DVSL for their Class B Membership Interests
as a capital contribution for purposes of Section 721 of the Code, (ii) Devco made its share of the First Contribution to DVSL for the
Class A Membership Interests, and was deemed to contribute assets of Devco immediately prior to the contributions described in clause
(i), as a capital contribution for purposes of Section 721 of the Code, and (iii) DVSL became a partnership for federal income tax purposes. 

12 

(c) On
the date of each Subsequent Contribution, Parent and Spring Lane shall make a Subsequent Contribution to DVSL as a capital contribution
for purposes of Section 721 of the Code. 

Section
2.4 Closing; Fundings . 

(a) The
Closing and the making of each Subsequent Contribution shall take place by the electronic delivery of the applicable duly executed documents
on the date on which all of the applicable conditions in Section 4.1 or Section 4.2 , as applicable, have been satisfied
(or waived as provided therein) or at such other time as the Parties may agree in writing. 

(b) Each
of the documents and other deliverables to be delivered and the actions to be taken pursuant to Section 4.1 or Section 4.2
 in respect of the First Contribution and each Subsequent Contribution shall be deemed to be delivered or to have occurred simultaneously,
and no such document or deliverable or action shall be of any force or effect (and to the extent delivered shall be deemed to be held
in escrow) until all such documents are delivered and actions are taken and the applicable funds have been delivered by the relevant
Party, at which time the respective First Contribution or Subsequent Contribution shall be deemed to occur (each such date, a Contribution
Date ). 

ARTICLE
III 
THE PROJECT; PROJECT DEVELOPMENT AND FINANCING 

Section
3.1 The Project Company . 

(a) As
of the Closing, DVSL shall be owned by the Parties in accordance with the DVSL Operating Agreement, and the Project shall be wholly owned
by DVSL. The Project, the Project Documents, Permits, Financing Agreements (if any), the Shared Facilities and any assets, equipment,
parts, interests or other property (tangible or intangible) related to the Project shall be and at all times shall have been the sole
assets of DVSL. 

(b) The
capital necessary for the construction and completion of the Project (or the reimbursement thereof as Approved Expenses) will be, or
shall have been, provided by the Parties holding Class B Membership Interests through one or more equity investments (the Equity
Investment(s) ), as determined by Spring Lane and the Parent, in each case, subject to the terms of this Agreement, including
 Article IV hereof. 

(c) In
the event that DVSL intends to co-own certain facilities with any computing company owning an adjacent Project, then, subject to the
approval of Spring Lane, DVSL and each such other computing company shall enter into a Shared Facilities Agreement. 

Section
3.2 Project Financing . 

(a) If
necessary and specified in the Investment Package, DVSL and Devco shall use commercially reasonable efforts to secure Qualifying Debt
for the Project, and the Parent and Spring Lane will cooperate with the Devco to assist the Devco and DVSL in obtaining such Qualifying
Debt, including by timely providing diligence information reasonably requested by the lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, none of Spring
Lane, Parent or any Parent Party shall have any obligation hereunder to make any further investment or contribution, incur any additional
cost or liability, or provide any type of credit support in connection with Qualifying Debt (other than to make Subsequent Contributions
as provided herein). 

13 

(b) DVSL
shall deliver to Parent and Spring Lane copies of all drafts of the Financing Documents for the Project exchanged between DVSL and the
lenders, and shall keep Parent and Spring Lane reasonably and timely informed of the progress of the Financing Documents. 

Section
3.3 Project Development . 

(a) Devco
will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop the Project and the Shared Facilities in accordance with the Project Schedule, the
Project Budget, this Agreement, applicable Law, all Permits and Consents, and Prudent Industry Practices. 

(b) If
the Project or Shared Facilities fails to reach Completion by the Capital Commitment Expiration Date, then any related damages payable
by any Person in respect thereof, any proceeds from any insurance settlement, any indemnity payment, or any other amounts received by
DVSL, Devco, any Affiliate of Devco or DVSL shall be repaid to Parent and Spring Lane as a return of its capital contributed in respect
of the Project until fully repaid, subject only to any prior right to such amounts specified in the Financing Documents. If the failure
of the Project to reach Completion results from any event not excused under the applicable EPC Agreement, then Spring Lane shall have
no further obligation to make any Subsequent Contributions. In such event, Parent and Spring Lane, each in its sole discretion, may by
notice to DVSL (i) suspend or terminate its obligation to make any Subsequent Contributions as to the Project, or (ii) suspend or terminate
the Parent Commitment or Spring Lane Commitment, respectively. During the pendency of any suspension, Parent and Spring Lane shall conduct
due diligence to determine the cause of such failure and shall notify DVSL as soon as practicable whether it will resume making Subsequent
Contributions or terminate the Investment Commitment. No suspension shall exceed ninety (90) days. 

Section
3.4 Cost Overruns . Project Costs that exceed the Project Budget and that are not payable by a third party (including the EPC
Contractor, or its surety or insurer) or are not the obligation of the Contractor shall be paid first by Qualifying Debt to the extent
available and thereafter by Parties holding Class B Membership Interests on a pro rata basis as a Subsequent Contribution of the required
amount up to the Cost Overrun Contingency, to which only the conditions in Section 4.3 shall apply. The Parties shall not be obligated
to fund any Project Costs overruns in excess of the Qualifying Debt available therefor plus the Cost Overrun Contingency unless otherwise
agreed upon by the Parties in writing. 

ARTICLE
IV 
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING AND FUNDINGS 

Section
4.1 Closing Conditions . The obligation of Parent and Spring Lane to make the First Contribution is subject to the satisfaction
by Devco and/or DVSL, as the case may be, or waiver, with respect to its own funding obligation, by Parent or Spring Lane, as applicable,
as of the Effective Date, of each of the following conditions: 

(a) Performance
by Devco . Devco and DVSL is each in compliance in all material respects with all agreements, obligations and conditions required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Effective Date. 

14 

(b) Delivery
of Transaction Documents . DVSL, Devco or the applicable Affiliate of Devco or DVSL shall have duly executed and delivered each of
the Transaction Documents to which it is party, which shall be in full force and effect as of the Closing. 

(c) Delivery
of Financial Statements . Parent shall have delivered to Spring Lane, Parent s annual financial statements (audited if available)
for at least the immediately preceding year, accompanied by a certificate from an Authorized Officer of Parent stating that no material
adverse change in the assets, liabilities, operations or financial condition of Parent and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) has occurred
since the date of such financial statements, and that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the consolidated
financial condition of Parent, in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, as at the respective dates of such financial statements
(subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes). 

(d) Consents
and Approvals . 

(i) Each
of Devco and DVSL shall have obtained fully executed Closing Consents, each of which shall be in full force and effect, and copies of
which shall have been delivered to Parent and Spring Lane. 

(ii) Each
of the Transaction Parties other than Devco and DVSL shall have obtained all approvals, consents and qualifications necessary to execute,
deliver and perform the Transaction Documents to which it is party. 

(e) Devco
Officer s Certificate . An Authorized Officer of Devco shall have delivered to Parent and Spring Lane a certificate dated as
of the Effective Date (i) certifying that all of the conditions set forth in this Section 4.1 have been satisfied; (ii) attaching
the resolutions of the members of Devco approving the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which Devco
is a party and certifying that such resolutions are in full force and effect; (iii) certifying as to the incumbency and specimen signatures
of the Persons executing the Transaction Documents; and (iv) attaching certificates of formation and good standing of Devco and each
other Transaction Party, certified as of a recent date by applicable Governmental Authority. 

(f) DVSL
Certificate . An Authorized Officer of DVSL shall have delivered to Spring Lane a certificate dated as of the Effective Date (i) certifying
and attaching the resolutions of DVSL approving the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which DVSL is
a party and certifying that such resolutions are in full force and effect; (ii) certifying as to the incumbency and specimen signatures
of the Persons executing such Transaction Documents on behalf of DVSL; and (iii) attaching the certificate of formation and certificate
of good standing of DVSL, certified as of a recent date by the applicable Governmental Authority. 

15 

(g) Representations
and Warranties . As of the Closing, the representations and warranties made herein and in the other Transaction Documents by each
of the Transaction Parties party to any Transaction Document are true and complete in all material respects, except that such representations
and warranties that are qualified with reference to materiality are true and complete in all respects, any representations made as of
a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date and, with respect to any projections, the projections were prepared in good
faith and based on estimates which such party believes were reasonable when made and as of the Effective Date. 

(h) FIRPTA .
Soluna Computing, Inc., as sole owner of Devco immediately prior to the First Contributions, has delivered a certificate of non-foreign
status satisfying the requirements under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2(b) and reasonably satisfactory to Spring Lane, certifying
that Soluna Computing, Inc. is not a foreign person. 

(i) Permits .
The Project or DVSL shall have (i) obtained all Permits applicable to it and required to be in effect as of the Closing, or has reasonably
demonstrated that it can acquire such Permits within a reasonable time after the Closing to Spring Lane s reasonable satisfaction;
(ii) timely and completely made all filings required as of such date in respect of each such Permit, except to the extent that failure
to make such filings could not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect and shall have made available to Spring Lane
copies of such filings; (iii) each such Permit shall be in full force and effect as of the Effective Date, except to the extent that
failure to be in full force and effect could not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect; in each case except for
any Permit that is (x) not then required for the construction of the Project or otherwise and (y) that Devco expects to be timely obtained
in the ordinary course consistent with the Project Schedule. 

(j) Independent
Engineer Review . Spring Lane shall have received a report of an independent engineer selected by Spring Lane (the Independent
Engineer for the Project that confirms that the construction of the Project is capable of being accomplished in accordance
with the EPC Agreement, the Project Budget and the Project Schedule, and that sufficient funds are available from the Aggregate Contribution
Amount and the Qualifying Debt to achieve Completion. Spring Lane shall consult with Parent on the selection of the Independent Engineer. 

(k) Insurance .
Spring Lane shall have received copies of insurance certificates evidencing that the insurance policies in Schedule 2 and as otherwise
required by the Project Documents and the Financing Documents are in effect and fully paid. 

(l) Site
Plans; Design . Devco shall have delivered to Spring Lane true and complete copies of the site plans and project designs for the Project
approved as required by Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction over the applicable Project. 

(m) Third
Party Reports . Spring Lane shall have received a Phase 1 environmental report for such Project prepared by a nationally recognized
environmental consultant or another environmental consultant reasonably approved by Spring Lane, which shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Spring Lane dated within 180 days of the Closing and in accordance with ASTM International Standard E1527-13
or its successor. 

(n) Investment
Package . As of each Contribution Date, the information contained in the Investment Package shall (i) be true, correct and complete
in all material respects and not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (ii) demonstrate that the
Project is reasonably likely to meet the Target Return set out in the Investment Package and approved by Spring Lane. 

16 

Section
4.2 Conditions to Each Subsequent Contribution . The obligation of Parent and Spring Lane to make a Subsequent Contribution
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, with respect to its own obligation to make a Subsequent Contribution, by Parent or Spring Lane,
as applicable, as of the applicable Contribution Date, of each of the following conditions; provided that , a waiver by Spring
Lane of a condition to make a Subsequent Contribution hereunder that was, or is, caused by, or is a direct or indirect result of, any
action or inaction by Parent or Devco shall also be deemed to be the waiver of Parent of such condition to making such Subsequent Contribution
hereunder: 

(a) Performance
by Devco . Devco and DVSL each are in compliance in all material respects with all agreements, obligations and conditions required
to be performed or complied with by it on or before the Contribution Date. 

(b) Contribution
Request . DVSL shall have timely delivered to Parent and Spring Lane a duly executed and completed Contribution Request as to the
Subsequent Contribution (including copies of all supporting invoices, documentation evidencing amounts due thereunder and lien waivers
required to be delivered under the EPC Agreement) in accordance with Section 2.2(e) , which shall have been reasonably approved
Spring Lane. 

(c) Liquidity .
Parent shall have demonstrated to Spring Lane s reasonable satisfaction (which evidence may include the delivery of financial statements)
that Parent has, as of the relevant Contribution Date, available cash, cash equivalents, projected distributions from subsidiaries (derived
from revenues of such subsidiaries payable under binding and effective contracts), binding contracted cash flow of the Parent, or binding,
non-contingent commitments to subscribe for equity in Parent (collectively, Available Liquidity ), sufficient to
meet Parent s operating expenses when and as they come due, including any reasonably foreseeable cost overruns to be borne by Parent
in accordance with Section 3.4 , and shall have delivered to Spring Lane reasonable evidence of such Available Liquidity, which
may include copies of its most recent financial statements accompanied by a reconciliation to the applicable consolidated budget. 

(d) Project
Documents . All Project Documents (A) shall be in full force and effect, (B) shall have no continuing event of default thereunder
(and no event shall have occurred that, with notice or the passage of time, shall constitute an event of default thereunder), and (C)
shall not have been amended in any material respect without the prior written approval of Spring Lane, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed and shall not have been amended in any manner which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect
the Project Budget, the Project Pro Forma or the Project Schedule, in each case, without the prior written approval of Spring Lane. 

(e) Financing
Documents . Devco or DVSL shall have delivered to Spring Lane, true and complete copies of applicable the Financing Documents, if
any, in the forms as approved by Spring Lane (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided that the
terms are consistent with those set out in the Investment Package and that certain Bilateral Master Contribution Agreement, dated as
of May 3, 2022), which shall be in full force and effect, all conditions to the initial construction funding thereunder shall have been
satisfied (other than the making of the Subsequent Contribution), and no default or event of default thereunder shall have occurred and
be continuing (and no event shall have occurred that, with notice or the passage of time, shall constitute an event of default thereunder). 

17 

(f) Representations
and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by DVSL and Devco herein and in all other Transaction Documents shall be
true and complete in all material respects as if made as of the applicable Contribution Date, except that (i) any such representations
and warranties that are qualified by reference to materiality shall be true and complete in all respects, (ii) any representations made
as of a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date, and (iii) neither Devco nor DVSL makes any representation with respect
to any projections, other than that the projections were prepared in good faith and based on estimates which such party believes were
reasonable when made and as of the applicable Contribution Date. 

(g) No
Material Change . There shall not have occurred and Devco or DVSL shall have no knowledge of any event, circumstance, condition or
information that could be reasonably likely to materially adversely affect the accuracy or completeness of the information included in
the Investment Package for the Project in respect of which the requested Subsequent Contribution is to be made, other than any such events,
circumstances, conditions or information as are reasonably acceptable to Parent and Spring Lane, provided that they have been previously
disclosed in writing to Parent and Spring Lane. 

(h) No
Litigation or Proceeding . No action or proceeding shall have been instituted or threatened (with a reasonable basis therefor) in
writing by any Governmental Authority or any other Person whatsoever by or against DVSL, the Parent, Devco or the Project, or any counterparty
to a Project Document, in each case that seeks to or could reasonably impair, restrain, prohibit or invalidate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the Project Documents or the Financing Documents, or that could otherwise reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(i) No
Default . No material breach and no material default shall have occurred and be continuing as to DVSL, Devco or Parent under any of
the Transaction Documents, Project Documents or Financing Documents, except to the extent resulting from any action or inaction of Spring
Lane in violation of the Transaction Documents. 

(j) Permits .
The Project or DVSL shall have (i) obtained all Permits applicable to it and required to be in effect as of the Contribution Date; (ii)
timely and completely made all filings required as of such date in respect of each such Permit, and shall have made available to Spring
Lane copies of such filings; (iii) each such Permit shall be in full force and effect as of the Contribution Date; in each case except
for any Permit that is (x) not then required for the construction of the Project or otherwise and (y) that Devco expects to be timely
obtained in the ordinary course consistent with the Project Schedule. 

(k) MAE .
No event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing that has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect as to the Project. 

18 

(l) Certificates .
An Authorized Officer of Devco shall have delivered to Parent, Spring Lane a certificate, dated as of the applicable Contribution Date,
certifying (in the case of DVSL) that all of the conditions to the applicable Subsequent Contribution specified in this Section 4.2
 are duly satisfied as of such date, and an Authorized Officer of Devco shall have delivered to Spring Lane a certificate dated as
of the applicable Contribution Date, certifying that all representations of Devco made herein are true and complete in all respects except
that (i) any such representations and warranties that are qualified by reference to materiality shall be true and complete in all respects,
(ii) any representations made as of a specific date shall be true and correct as of such date, and (iii) Devco does not make any representation
with respect to any projections, other than that the projections were prepared in good faith and based on estimates which Devco believes
were reasonable when made and as of the applicable Contribution Date. 

(m) Investment
Package . As of each Contribution Date, the information contained in the Investment Package shall (i) be true, correct and complete
in all material respects and not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and (ii) demonstrate that the
Project is reasonably likely to meet the Target Return set out in the Investment Package and approved by Spring Lane. 

(n) Parent
Contribution . Spring Lane shall not be obligated to make a Subsequent Contribution until Parent has made all required Contributions
set forth in all Contribution Requests, including the Contribution Request for which this condition to make a Subsequent Contribution
relates, on a pro rata basis calculated based on the amount of Class B Membership Interests held by Parent and Spring Lane. 

Section
4.3 Cost Overruns Funding . The obligation of Parent and Spring Lane to make a Subsequent Contribution in respect of any Cost
Overrun Contingency amount as provided in Section 3.4 shall be subject to the satisfaction by Devco or DVSL, or waiver, with respect
to its own funding obligation, by each of Parent or Spring Lane, as applicable, with respect to its own obligations to make a Subsequent
Contribution, as of the applicable Contribution Date, of each of the following conditions; provided that , a waiver by Spring Lane
of a condition to make a Subsequent Contribution hereunder that was, or is, caused by, or is a direct or indirect result of, any action
or inaction by Parent or Devco shall also be deemed to be the waiver of Parent of such condition to making such Subsequent Contribution
hereunder: 

(a) Contribution
Request . DVSL shall have timely delivered to Parent and Spring Lane a duly executed and completed Contribution Request as to the
Subsequent Contribution (which Contribution Request appends copies of all supporting invoices, documentation evidencing amounts due thereunder
and lien waivers as required to be delivered under the EPC Agreement) in accordance with Section 2.2(e) . 

(b) Updates .
Devco or DVSL shall have delivered to Spring Lane an updated Project Schedule, Project Budget and Project Pro Forma reflecting the increased
Project Costs. 

(c) Construction
Report . Devco shall have delivered to Spring Lane a construction report explaining the reason for the cost overruns, including copies
of any change orders made under the EPC Agreement, and evidence reasonably satisfactory to Spring Lane that demonstrates that the Project
is capable of achieving Completion in accordance with the Project Schedule, the EPC Agreement, and the Financing Documents. 

19 

(d) No
Liens . The Project shall not be subject to any Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

(e) Insurance .
Devco shall have delivered to Spring Lane copies of insurance certificates evidencing that the insurance policies are in effect and fully
paid. 

(f) No
Default . No default by Devco or DVSL shall then be continuing under the applicable Financing Documents or by any party under any
Project Document (and no event shall have occurred that, with notice or the passage of time, shall constitute an event of default thereunder)
except in the case that either (i) if Devco or DVSL is in default under a Financing Document or Project Document, the payment of the
Cost Overrun Contingency (or applicable portion thereof) is sufficient to cure such default, or (ii) if a counterparty is in default
under any Project Document, in connection with the payment of the Cost Overrun Contingency (or applicable portion thereof), each defaulted
Project Document is terminated and replaced with a Project Document in form and substance and with a counterparty reasonably approved
by Spring Lane. 

(g) Permits .
All applicable Permits required to have been obtained for the Project shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect. 

(h) Representations
and Warranties . After giving effect to any payments to be made with the proceeds of the Cost Overrun Contingency, the representations
and warranties made by DVSL and Devco herein and in all other Transaction Documents and Financing Documents shall be true and complete
in all material respects as if made as of the applicable Contribution Date, except that (i) any such representations and warranties that
are qualified by reference to materiality shall be true and complete in all respects, (ii) any representations made as of a specific
date shall be true and correct as of such date, and (iii) neither Devco nor DVSL makes any representation with respect to any projections,
other than that the projections were prepared in good faith and based on estimates which such party believes were reasonable when made
and as of the applicable Contribution Date. 

ARTICLE
V 
COVENANTS 

Section
5.1 Conduct of Operations . 

(a) Devco
and DVSL shall each conduct its businesses and operations in accordance with Prudent Industry Practices, all applicable Laws, and the
Project Documents and Financing Documents and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy the conditions to each additional
Subsequent Contribution in respect of the Project in accordance with the Project Schedule. 

(b) Neither
DVSL nor Devco shall conduct any business other than in connection with the Project or own any assets other than the Project. 

20 

Section
5.2 Financial Statements . DVSL shall deliver to Spring Lane, in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to Spring Lane, the
following: 

(a) Without
limitation of anything in the other Transaction Documents, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of each applicable fiscal
year, audited financial statements of DVSL and its subsidiaries, if any, prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. Such
financial statements shall include a statement of equity, a balance sheet as of the close of such year, an income and expense statement,
reconciliation of capital accounts (where applicable), reported on without qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, and certified
by an independent certified public accountant reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane. 

(b) Within
sixty (60) days after the end of the first, second and third quarterly accounting periods of its fiscal year (commencing with the second
fiscal quarter immediately succeeding the Effective Date), unaudited quarterly financial statements of DVSL, and its subsidiaries, if
any, as of the last day of such quarterly period and the related statements of income, cash flow, and shareholders or members 
equity (as applicable) for such quarterly period and (in the case of second and third quarterly periods) for the portion of the fiscal
year ending with the last day of such quarterly period, setting forth in each case in comparative form (if applicable) corresponding
unaudited figures from the preceding fiscal year, all prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (subject to changes resulting
from audit and normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnote disclosures). 

Section
5.3 Access to Information; Due Diligence . Devco will (a) provide Spring Lane, its respective counsel, financial advisors, auditors
and other authorized representatives reasonable access to the offices, properties, employees and personnel, books and records of DVSL,
and (b) deliver to Spring Lane, its respective counsel, financial advisors, auditors, and other authorized representatives such financial
and operating data and other information as such Persons may reasonably request in connection with DVSL and Devco. As part of its due
diligence, Spring Lane may make such reasonable inquiries of such Persons having business relationships with Devco (including lenders,
contractors, suppliers, and customers) upon reasonable prior notice to Devco, and Devco shall cooperate fully with Spring Lane in connection
therewith. Conduct of Operations. 

ARTICLE
VI 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF DEVCO 

Devco
represents and warrants to Spring Lane that the following statements are true, complete and correct as of the Effective Date and each
Contribution Date, as follows: 

Section
6.1 Formation; Powers . Devco is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware, has all requisite limited liability company power and authority necessary to own its assets and to carry on
its business as now conducted, and is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, each jurisdiction where such qualification
is required. 

Section
6.2 Authority, Enforceability . This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Devco is a party has been duly authorized,
executed and delivered by Devco and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Devco, as applicable, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights
generally and subject to general principles of equity and public policy, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or
at law. 

21 

Section
6.3 No Conflict . Neither the execution and delivery by Devco of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, nor Devco s
consummation of the transactions contemplated in the Transaction Documents, nor compliance with the terms thereof (a) conflicts with
in any material respect or would constitute a default under or a material violation of the provisions of any agreement binding on Devco
or any Law applicable to or binding on Devco or any Properties of Devco; (b) a default or breach under any Project Document or any Contract
by which Devco or any of its Properties are bound, except as could not result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (c) other than as explicitly
contemplated in a Transaction Document or a Project Document, the creation or imposition of any Lien (including any Permitted Lien) on
any Property of any Transaction Party. The execution, delivery and performance by Devco of each Transaction Document to which it is a
party do not require the approval or consent of any Person, which approval or consent has not been obtained. 

Section
6.4 No Indebtedness or Liens . Neither Devco nor any of its Affiliates that holds any direct or indirect interests in DVSL has
outstanding Liabilities affecting DVSL Interest other than as and to the extent specified in (i) an Investment Package or (ii) as separately
provided in writing to Spring Lane and in any event reasonably acceptable to Spring Lane, and no DVSL Interest is subject to any Lien
other than a Permitted Lien. 

Section
6.5 Ownership in DVSL and Devco . Immediately prior to the Effective Date, Devco was the sole owner of all of the issued membership
interests of DVSL, and no other Person has or has ever had any other interest in DVSL. Devco holds good title to the membership interests
of DVSL free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

Section
6.6 Capitalization of Devco and DVSL . Other than as set forth in this Agreement, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants,
or calls granted by Devco or any Affiliate of either relating to any direct interest in DVSL, including any right of conversion or exchange
under any outstanding security or other instrument. 

Section
6.7 Litigation and other Governmental Proceedings . There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before
any mediator, arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending or, to the knowledge of Devco, threatened in writing against (with a reasonable
basis therefor) or affecting Devco or DVSL or to which Devco or DVSL is otherwise party, including in connection with any Environmental
Laws, that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect with respect to any
such Persons or that affect or could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by any Transaction
Document. 

Section
6.8 No Other Rights . Other than as set forth in this Agreement or in the applicable Investment Package, none of Devco or any
Affiliate thereof has any Contract, arrangement or commitment to issue or sell any of its direct or indirect ownership interests or any
interest (including any voting rights) in DVSL or the Project or any securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for,
or giving any Person any right to acquire from it, any of its direct or indirect ownership interests or any interest in DVSL or the Project,
and no such securities or obligations are issued or outstanding other than as contemplated by this Agreement or DVSL Operating Agreement. 

22 

Section
6.9 Foreign Assets Control Regulations and Anti-Money Laundering . Each Transaction Party and each Affiliate of Devco is in
compliance in all material respects with all U.S. economic sanctions laws, Executive Orders and implementing regulations as promulgated
by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), and all applicable anti-money laundering
and counter-terrorism financing provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act and all regulations issued pursuant to it. No Transaction Party nor
any Affiliate of Devco (i) is a Person designated by the U.S. government on the list of the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked
Persons (the SDN List with which a U.S. Person cannot deal with or otherwise engage in business transactions, (ii)
is a Person who is otherwise the target of U.S. economic sanctions laws such that a U.S. Person cannot deal or otherwise engage in business
transactions with such Person or (iii) is controlled by (including without limitation by virtue of such person being a director or owning
voting shares or interests), or acts, directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of, any person or entity on the SDN List or a foreign
government that is the target of U.S. economic sanctions prohibitions such that the entry into, or performance under, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document would be prohibited under U.S. law. 

Section
6.10 Patriot Act . Each Transaction Party and each Affiliate of Devco is in compliance with (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act,
and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department and any other enabling legislation or executive
order relating thereto, (b) the Patriot Act and (c) other federal or state laws relating to know your customer and
anti-money laundering rules and regulations. No part of the proceeds of any First Contribution or Subsequent Contribution will be used
directly or indirectly for any payments to any government official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate
for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper
advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 

Section
6.11 Disclosure; No Material Misstatements . None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished
by Devco, Parent or their Affiliates to Spring Lane or any of its Affiliates with regard to the Parent, Devco, any Project, or DVSL in
connection with the Transaction Documents, individually or taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state
any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
 provided , that with respect to any projections of financial performance of the Project delivered to Spring Lane, Devco makes no
representation or warranty any kind except that the projections were prepared in good faith and based on estimates which Devco believes
were reasonable when made and as of each Contribution Date. 

23 

ARTICLE
VII 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS TO DVSL 

DVSL
represents and warrants to Parent and Spring Lane on the Effective Date and, except as otherwise specified, on each Contribution Date,
and giving effect to such Contribution, as follows, except to the extent otherwise expressly set forth in the Investment Package and
specifically designated therein as exceptions to the representations and warranties below: 

Section
7.1 Organization; Powers . DVSL is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware, with all requisite limited liability company power and authority necessary to own its assets and to carry
on its business as now conducted and as anticipated to be conducted under the Project Documents and the Financing Documents, and is qualified
to do business in, and is in good standing in, each jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

Section
7.2 Authority/Ownership . The issuance of the DVSL Interests in DVSL is within DVSL s limited liability company powers
and has been duly authorized by all necessary limited liability company action. The Investment Package does not contain any materially
untrue statement (it being understood that DVSL does not make any representation with respect to any projections, other than that the
projections were prepared in good faith and based on estimates which DVSL believes were reasonable when made and as of each Contribution
Date). 

Section
7.3 Approvals; No Conflicts . Except as listed on Schedule 1 or in any Investment Package, the transactions contemplated
under this Agreement (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental
Authority or any other Person, nor is any such consent, approval, registration, filing or other action necessary for the validity or
enforceability of this Agreement, except as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, or are not yet required to be
obtained; (b) will not violate any Law or regulation, any Permit, the DVSL Organizational Documents or any other order of any Governmental
Authority; (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon DVSL, or give
rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by DVSL; and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien
(including any Permitted Lien) on any real, personal, tangible or intangible property of DVSL. 

Section
7.4 Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Effect . 

(a) The
balance sheets and financial statements for DVSL that have been delivered to Spring Lane (i) are consistent with the books and records
of DVSL and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of DVSL
as of the date thereof and for the period covered thereby. 

(b) DVSL
has no material obligations or any material current or long-term Liabilities that are not reflected in the financial statements, Financing
Documents or Project Documents that have been delivered to Spring Lane, and which would be required by GAAP to be reflected therein. 

Section
7.5 Environmental Matters . Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material
Adverse Effect on DVSL, 

(a) DVSL
is in compliance with, and at all times since the Closing has complied in all material respects with, all Environmental Laws applicable
to its business and to the Shared Premises. 

24 

(b) none
of DVSL nor, to the knowledge of DVSL, any other Person has, except in compliance with applicable Environmental Laws, caused or allowed
any Hazardous Material to be deposited, released, stored, or disposed onto or underneath the Project Site, nor, to the knowledge of DVSL,
does any condition exist at the Project Site in violation of any applicable Environmental Laws or that would reasonably be expected to
give rise to any obligation on the part of DVSL or any other Transaction Party to take remedial action pursuant to any applicable Environmental
Laws. 

(c) DVSL
has provided to Spring Lane all environmental assessment reports or environmental audits that are in its possession or control in respect
of the Project Site of DVSL. 

(d) to
the knowledge of DVSL, DVSL s Project Site, or owner or lessor thereof, is not subject to any proceeding, action, order, investigation
or inquiry of any Governmental Authority under or related to any Environmental Law. 

Section
7.6 Project Documents . DVSL has delivered true, correct and complete copies of all Project Documents and Permits to Spring
Lane, each as in effect as of each Contribution Date with respect to DVSL. 

Section
7.7 Compliance with Laws; Permits; Project Document; Financing Documents; Liabilities . 

(a) DVSL
(i) is in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to it or the Project and all Project Documents, Permits and other
Contracts binding upon it or its properties; (ii) possesses all Permits necessary at such time for the construction, installation, operation,
maintenance and ownership of the Project, as applicable, and to perform under and realize the benefits of all of the Project Documents
affecting the Project (other than any Permit as is not then issuable in the ordinary course); and (iii) otherwise to conduct its business,
in each case, other than where non-compliance or non-possession could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as
to DVSL. No Permit materially limits or restricts DVSL from conducting its business as currently anticipated or from exercising its rights
or enforcing its obligations under any Project Document. 

(b) There
are no Permits required under any applicable Law that are or will be required for the ownership and operation of the Project other than
the Permits listed in the Investment Package delivered to Spring Lane, except where non-compliance or non-possession could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect as to DVSL. DVSL has no reason to believe that each such Permit will not be in full force
and effect prior to the outside date, if any, specified in Section 4.2(c) for the Subsequent Funding for the Project as of the
applicable Contribution Date. Each Permit required to be in effect as of a Contribution Date for the Project has been obtained and is
in full force and effect. As of any Contribution Date, no Permit for the Project or DVSL is subject to any appeals or further proceedings
or to any unsatisfied condition that could allow material modification or revocation that has not been disclosed in the Investment Package.
All of the applications and other filings submitted to a Governmental Authority in respect of the Permits have been true, complete, and
correct in all material respects. 

25 

(c) DVSL
possesses all of the Property Rights necessary or reasonably required to perform its duties and exercise and enforce its rights under
the Project Documents and to conduct its business in accordance with the Project Pro Forma other than where failure to possess such rights
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on DVSL. 

(d) The
Project Documents are in full force and effect and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of DVSL, and to the knowledge of
DVSL, each other party thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms. DVSL is not in breach of or default under any Project Document
to which it is a party. To the knowledge of DVSL, no other Person is in breach of or default under any Project Document to which DVSL
is party. DVSL is not a party to any Contract other than the Project Documents, Financing Documents and Transaction Documents to which
it is party other than for any such Contracts that have been approved by Spring Lane, and a true, complete and correct copy as in effect
of each the Project Documents and other such Contracts has been delivered to Spring Lane. There are no Project Documents with respect
to the Project as of the applicable Contribution Date other than the Project Documents listed in the relevant Investment Package or subsequently
delivered to Spring Lane in connection with the Subsequent Funding for the Project. 

(e) DVSL
has delivered true, correct and complete copies of all Financing Documents to Spring Lane, if any, each as in effect as of each Contribution
Date with respect to DVSL. 

(f) Each
Financing Document applicable to the Project as of the applicable Contribution Date is in full force and effect and constitutes the legal,
valid and binding obligation of DVSL and its Affiliates party thereto. No default or event of default has occurred and is continuing
under any Financing Document. 

(g) DVSL
does not have outstanding any Liabilities other than pursuant to the Project Documents, the Financing Documents, Permits or Transaction
Documents, and no Property Right of DVSL is subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens. 

(h) No
material deviations from the Project Budget or the Project Schedule have occurred with respect to the Project as of the applicable Subsequent
Contribution Date except as approved by Spring Lane in writing. 

Section
7.8 Tax Matters . Except as set forth in Schedule 7.8 : 

(a) Prior
to the Effective Date, DVSL was treated since its formation as a disregarded entity from its owner, Parent, for federal income tax purposes,
and no elections have been filed with any applicable Governmental Authority to treat DVSL as a corporation for tax purposes. 

(b) All
income and other material tax returns or applicable information returns required to be filed by or with respect to DVSL or its assets
have been timely filed with the applicable Governmental Authorities (giving regard to valid extensions) and all such returns are complete
and accurate in all material respects. All material Taxes due and payable by or with respect to DVSL or its assets have been fully and
timely paid (whether or not shown on such Tax Returns). DVSL has withheld and paid all material Taxes required to be withheld and paid
by it under applicable law. All such withheld Taxes have been remitted in a timely manner to the applicable Governmental Authority (giving
regard to valid extensions). No written notices have been received that any of the foregoing Tax filings have been audited or examined
by any taxing authority. There are no ongoing or pending or, to the knowledge of DVSL, proposed or threatened, audits, examinations,
claims, or assessments against DVSL or its assets in respect of any Tax. 

26 

(c) None
of the assets of DVSL is subject to any Liens or charges in respect of unpaid Taxes (other than Taxes that are Permitted Liens) and,
to the knowledge of DVSL, no such Liens or charges have been proposed or threatened by any Governmental Authority. No extension of the
statute of limitations with respect to any Taxes of or with respect to DVSL or its assets has been granted, which extension is still
in effect. DVSL has not received any written notice from any jurisdiction where it has not filed Tax returns that DVSL may be required
to file Tax returns in such jurisdiction. DVSL does not have a power of attorney relating to Taxes that is currently in effect, and DVSL
is not a party to any tax sharing, tax indemnity or similar arrangement, other than customary tax indemnification provisions in Contracts
entered into in the ordinary course of business the principal purpose of which does not relate to Taxes. 

(d) DVSL
does not have any liability for the Taxes of any other Person under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any corresponding provision
of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law), as a transferee or successor, by contract (other than customary tax indemnification provisions
in Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business the principal purpose of which does not relate to Taxes), or otherwise pursuant
to applicable Law. 

(e) No
rollback or similar tax clawback payments are due in connection with the Project or DVSL. 

Section
7.9 Employees . DVSL has never had any employees. 

Section
7.10 Properties; Title . DVSL has good and marketable title to all of its personal property, in each case, free and clear of
all Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

Section
7.11 Insurance . DVSL has in effect all insurance policies required under the Project Documents applicable to DVSL or in accordance
with Prudent Industry Practice. DVSL is not in default in the payment of any premiums under any of the Insurance Policies or has failed
to give any notice or to present any claim under any of the Insurance Policies in a due and timely fashion. 

Section
7.12 Intellectual Property . DVSL owns, licenses or otherwise has the right to use, all Intellectual Property material to its
business, and the use thereof by DVSL does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person. 

Section
7.13 Real Property; Access . 

(a) DVSL
does not own, lease, sublease, occupy or otherwise have any Real Property Interest, except for the rights with respect to the proposed
Project Site owned or co-owned by DVSL, or held under the Sublease and Sublease (Shared Facilities), or as described in the Investment
Package. DVSL has good and marketable leasehold title to all of the Real Property purported to be leased by it, in each case, free and
clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

27 

(b) The
Real Property Interests held by DVSL, including the Sublease and Sublease (Shared Facilities), provides DVSL with sufficient rights to
construct, install, own, operate and maintain (including repair and replace equipment and materials) the Project and ancillary services
as may be necessary to operate and maintain the Project for a period not less than the full term of each of the Sublease and Sublease
(Shared Facilities). 

(c) With
respect to the Sublease, DVSL has obtained from the applicable Lessor, and, as applicable, any other owners, operators, or occupants
of or holders of any easements or rights of way affecting the Project Site or the Project, unimpeded access to the Project Site necessary
for the work contemplated by the EPC Agreement and otherwise for the development, construction, ownership, operation, and maintenance
of the Project throughout the useful life of the Project. 

(d) There
are no physical conditions affecting the Project Site, nor any other material adverse status or condition relating to the Project Site
or any portion thereof, the Sublease, or any other Real Estate Interests, that could reasonably be expected to materially delay, interfere
with or impair construction or operation of the Project, or the exercise of any of DVSL s rights under the Real Property Contracts
or the performance of any obligations under the Project Documents or the Financing Documents. 

(e) The
installation, use, operation and maintenance of the Project at the Project Site will not conflict with or be inconsistent with the rights
of any other Person, and there are no rights, encumbrances or encroachments affecting the Project Site and superior to the rights of
DVSL therein that would adversely affect the use of the Project Site by DVSL for the construction, operation and maintenance of the Project. 

Section
7.14 Condemnation . There are no pending or, to the knowledge of DVSL, threatened actions or proceedings to modify the zoning
classification of, or to condemn or take by power of eminent domain or to otherwise impose any restraint or restriction on, all or any
part of the Project or the Project Site. 

Section
7.15 Notice to Proceed . Notice to Proceed or similar milestone has been issued by DVSL in respect of the Project. 

Section
7.16 Utilities . All utility services necessary for the construction and the operation of the Project for its intended purposes
are available at the Project Site or will be so available as and when required upon commercially reasonable terms. 

Section
7.17 Subsidiaries . DVSL has no subsidiaries. 

Section
7.18 Third Party Reports . No information provided by DVSL or its Affiliates to any Person in connection with the preparation
of any report required to be delivered to Spring Lane hereunder, including to the Independent Engineer, contains any material misstatement
of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make such information not misleading; provided that DVSL makes no representation
as to any information consisting of or to the extent based upon projections of future performance, other than that the projections were
prepared in good faith and based upon estimates which DVSL believes were reasonable when made and as of each Contribution Date. 

28 

Section
7.19 Disclosure; No Material Misstatements . None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information prepared
by DVSL and furnished to Spring Lane, or any of its Affiliates, in connection with DVSL or the Project, and Spring Lane s due diligence
in respect thereof, including the portions of the Investment Package prepared by or on behalf of DVSL (collectively, Materials ),
individually or taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided , that with respect
to any element of the Materials consisting of or to the extent relying upon projections, DVSL makes no representation of any kind except
that the projections were prepared in good faith and based on estimates which DVSL believes were reasonable when made and as of each
Contribution Date. 

Section
7.20 Litigation and other Governmental Proceedings . There are no actions, suits, investigations or proceedings by or before
any mediator, arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending or, to the knowledge of DVSL, threatened in writing against, or to which DVSL
is party or otherwise affecting DVSL, including in connection with any Environmental Laws, which, in each such case, if adversely determined,
could be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section
7.21 No Other Rights . Other than as set forth in this Agreement or in the applicable Investment Package, none of Parent, Devco
or DVSL has any Contract, arrangement or commitment to issue or sell any of its ownership interests or any interest (including any voting
rights) in DVSL or the Project or any securities or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right
to acquire from it, any of its ownership interests or any interest in DVSL or the Project. 

ARTICLE
VIII 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS TO INVESTORS 

Section
8.1 Spring Lane . Spring Lane represents and warrants to the Parties as of the Effective Date and, except as otherwise provided
below, as of each Contribution Date, as follows: 

(a) Organization;
Powers . Spring Lane is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware, with all requisite limited liability company power and authority to carry on its business as such business is now conducted,
and as proposed to be conducted. 

(b) Authority;
Enforceability . Spring Lane has full power and authority to execute and deliver each Transaction Document to which it is a party
and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. The execution and delivery by Spring Lane of the Transaction Documents to which
it is a party and the consummation by Spring Lane of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
action required on the part of Spring Lane. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Spring Lane is a party have been
duly authorized, executed and delivered by Spring Lane. This Agreement and each Transaction Document to which Spring Lane is a party
constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Spring Lane, enforceable against Spring Lane in accordance with its terms except as such
terms may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; or (ii) general principles
of equity, whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

29 

(c) No
Violation . The execution, delivery and performance by Spring Lane of this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which it is
a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (a) violate or conflict with any provision
of the governance documents of Spring Lane; (b) violate or require any filing or notice under any provision or requirement of any federal,
state or local law, statute, judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule, or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable
to Spring Lane; (c) violate, result in a breach of, constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default or cause any obligation,
penalty, premium or right of termination to arise or accrue under, any agreement or instruments to which it is a party or by which any
of its assets are bound; or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (including any Permitted Lien), in each case, which
violation, breach, default or Lien would materially adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents
to which it is a party. 

(d) Litigation .
There are no claims, actions, suits, investigations or proceedings (including any arbitration proceeding) of any nature, at law or in
equity, pending or, to the knowledge of Spring Lane, threatened in writing by (with a reasonable basis therefor) or against Spring Lane,
or to which Spring Lane is party the directors, officers, employees, agents of Spring Lane, or any of their Affiliates that is reasonably
likely to materially adversely affect Spring Lane s ability to execute, deliver and perform each Transaction Document to which
it is a party and consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(e) No
Consents or Approvals . There is no requirement applicable to Spring Lane to make any filing with, or to obtain the consent or approval
of any Person as a condition to the execution, delivery and performance of the Agreement and each Transaction Document to which it is
a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby that has not yet been obtained. 

(f) Financial
Capacity . Spring Lane as of the Effective Date has, and will have at all times prior to the Capital Commitment Expiration Date, the
financial capacity to pay and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and to make all Contributions contemplated hereby and to
otherwise fund the Spring Lane Commitment (assuming, for the purposes of this representation, that all conditions to each Contribution
are satisfied or waived). 

(g) Sophisticated
Investor; Diligence . Spring Lane has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of its investment in DVSL and its investment in the Project, and is able to bear the economic risk of such investments
for an indefinite period of time. Without limitation of Spring Lane s rights and remedies in connection with this Agreement and
the other Transaction Document, Spring Lane has had the opportunity conduct due diligence and to ask questions of its own counsel and
of the Parent Parties concerning the Parent Parties and terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and in each Transaction
Document and is satisfied with the results of such diligence and the responses received in respect of such questions. Without derogation
of any representation of DVSL herein, based on the foregoing diligence and in reliance on DVSL s representations and warranties
herein, Spring Lane has adequate knowledge regarding all aspects of the business of DVSL (including its operations, condition (financial
or otherwise), cash flows, assets, liabilities, and prospects) as well as information which is sufficient in all respects to make an
informed decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and, subject to the terms and conditions applicable
thereto, to make Contributions. Spring Lane is aware that the Class B Membership Interests are subject to the restrictions on transfer
imposed by the DVSL Operating Agreement and the state and Federal securities laws of the United States. 

(h) Securities
Laws Compliance . Spring Lane is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time (the Securities Act ). The Class B Membership
Interests to be acquired by it pursuant to this Agreement are being acquired for its own account and not with a view to any distribution
thereof or with any present intention of offering or selling any of such Class B Membership Interests or other securities in DVSL acquired
by Spring Lane from time to time (the Spring Lane Securities in a transaction that would violate the Securities
Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States of America or any other applicable jurisdiction. Spring Lane acknowledges
and agrees: (A) that the Class B Membership Interests have not been registered under any Securities Act because DVSL is issuing the Class
B Membership Interests in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Acts providing for issuance
of securities not involving a public offering and, therefore, the Class B Membership Interests cannot be resold unless they are registered
under the Securities Acts or unless an exemption from registration is available, (B) that DVSL has relied upon the fact that the Class
B Membership Interests are to be held by Spring Lane for investment purposes only and (C) that the exemptions under the Securities Acts
which permit DVSL to sell the Class B Membership Interests to Spring Lane will not be available if the Spring Lane Securities are acquired
by a person who purchases its interests in DVSL with a view to distribution. Accordingly, Spring Lane hereby represents, warrants and
covenants to DVSL that any subsequent transfer of Class B Membership Interests or after acquired interests, regardless of the manner
of sale, to any affiliate or any other person, will be made strictly in compliance with DVSL Operating Agreement, the Securities Act
and all other applicable securities laws. 

(i) Patriot
Act . Spring Lane is in compliance with (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of
the United States Treasury Department and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (b) the Patriot Act and
(c) other federal or state laws relating to know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations.
No part of any Contribution was obtained directly or indirectly by the making of any payments to any government official or employee,
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order
to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977. 

Section
8.2 Parent . Parent represents and warrants to the Parties as of the Effective Date and, except as otherwise provided below,
as of each Contribution Date, as follows: 

(a) Organization;
Powers . Parent is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada, with
all requisite limited liability company power and authority to carry on its business as such business is now conducted, and as proposed
to be conducted. 

(b) Authority;
Enforceability . Parent has full power and authority to execute and deliver each Transaction Document to which it is a party and to
consummate the transactions contemplated thereby. The execution and delivery by Parent of the Transaction Documents to which it is a
party and the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action required
on the part of Parent. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Parent are a party have been duly authorized, executed
and delivered by Parent. This Agreement and each Transaction Document to which Parent is a party constitutes the valid and binding obligation
of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance with its terms except as such terms may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; or (ii) general principles of equity, whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law. 

30 

(c) No
Violation . The execution, delivery and performance by Parent of this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which it is a party
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the governance
documents of Parent; (b) violate or require any filing or notice under any provision or requirement of any federal, state or local law,
statute, judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, award, rule, or regulation of any Governmental Authority applicable to Parent; (c)
violate, result in a breach of, constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default or cause any obligation, penalty, premium
or right of termination to arise or accrue under, any agreement or instruments to which it is a party or by which any of its assets are
bound; or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (including any Permitted Lien), in each case, which violation, breach,
default or Lien would materially adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it
is a party. 

(d) Litigation .
There are no claims, actions, suits, investigations or proceedings (including any arbitration proceeding) of any nature, at law or in
equity, pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing by (with a reasonable basis therefor) or against Parent, or to
which Parent is party the directors, officers, employees, agents of Parent, or any of their Affiliates that is reasonably likely to materially
adversely affect Parent s ability to execute, deliver and perform each Transaction Document to which it is a party and consummate
the transactions contemplated thereby. 

(e) No
Consents or Approvals . There is no requirement applicable to Parent to make any filing with, or to obtain the consent or approval
of any Person as a condition to the execution, delivery and performance of the Agreement and each Transaction Document to which it is
a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby that has not yet been obtained. 

(f) Financial
Capacity . Parent, as of the Effective Date has, and will have at all times prior to the Capital Commitment Expiration Date, the financial
capacity to pay and perform its obligations under this Agreement, and to make all Contributions contemplated hereby and to otherwise
fund the Parent Commitment (assuming, for the purposes of this representation, that all conditions to each Contribution are satisfied
or waived). 

(g) Sophisticated
Investor; Diligence . Parent has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters so as to be capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of its investment in DVSL and its investments in the Project, and is able to bear the economic risk of such investments
for an indefinite period of time. Without limitation of Parent s rights and remedies in connection with this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents. Parent has had the opportunity conduct due diligence and to ask questions of its own counsel and of the
Parent Parties concerning the Parent Parties and terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and in each Transaction
Document and is satisfied with the results of such diligence and the responses received in respect of such questions. Without derogation
of any representation of DVSL herein, based on the foregoing diligence and in reliance on DVSL s representations and warranties
herein, Parent has adequate knowledge regarding all aspects of the business of DVSL (including its operations, condition (financial or
otherwise), cash flows, assets, liabilities, and prospects) as well as information which is sufficient in all respects to make an informed
decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and, subject to the terms and conditions applicable
thereto, to make Contributions. Parent is aware that the Class B Membership Interests are subject to the restrictions on transfer imposed
by the DVSL Operating Agreement and the state and Federal securities laws of the United States. 

31 

(h) Securities
Laws Compliance . Parent is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act. The Class B Membership Interests to be acquired by it pursuant to this Agreement are being acquired for its own account
and not with a view to any distribution thereof or with any present intention of offering or selling any of such Class B Membership Interests
or other securities in DVSL acquired by Parent from time to time (the Parent Securities in a transaction that would
violate the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States of America or any other applicable jurisdiction.
Parent acknowledges and agrees: (A) that the Class B Membership Interests have not been registered under any Securities Act because DVSL
is issuing the Class B Membership Interests in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Acts
providing for issuance of securities not involving a public offering and, therefore, the Class B Membership Interests cannot be resold
unless they are registered under the Securities Acts or unless an exemption from registration is available, (B) that DVSL has relied
upon the fact that the Class B Membership Interests are to be held by Parent for investment purposes only and (C) that the exemptions
under the Securities Acts which permit DVSL to sell the Class B Membership Interests to Parent will not be available if the Parent Securities
are acquired by a person who purchases its interests in DVSL with a view to distribution. Accordingly, Parent hereby represents, warrants
and covenants to DVSL that any subsequent transfer of Class B Membership Interests or after acquired interests, regardless of the manner
of sale, to any affiliate or any other person, will be made strictly in compliance with DVSL Operating Agreement, the Securities Act
and all other applicable securities laws. 

(i) Patriot
Act . Parent is in compliance with (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United
States Treasury Department and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, (b) the Patriot Act and (c) other
federal or state laws relating to know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations. No part of
any Contribution was obtained directly or indirectly by the making of any payments to any government official or employee, political
party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain,
retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 

32 

ARTICLE
IX 
INDEMNIFICATION 

Section
9.1 Indemnification. 

(a) Indemnification
by Parent . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article IX , Parent (the Parent Indemnifying Party shall indemnify, defend, reimburse and hold harmless Spring Lane, and its Affiliates, and its and their respective officers, directors,
managers, direct and indirect owners, employees, attorneys, contractors and agents (collectively, the Investor Indemnified
Parties ), from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action, demands, assessments, losses, damages, liabilities,
judgments, settlements, Taxes, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, including such
fees and expenses at trial and on any appeal), of any nature whatsoever (collectively, the Investor Indemnified Costs ),
asserted against, resulting from, imposed upon, or incurred by any or all of Investor Indemnified Parties, by reason of or resulting
from or in connection with the breach of the representations, warranties, covenants, obligations or other agreements made by Devco, DVSL
or Parent in this Agreement (collectively, Investor Indemnified Claims ). 

(b) Indemnification
by Investors . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article X , Spring Lane (for purposes of this Article IX ,
Spring Lane, an Investor Indemnifying Party , as the case may be, shall indemnify, defend, reimburse and hold harmless
Parent, DVSL and Devco and their respective Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, managers, direct and indirect owners,
employees, attorneys, contractors and agents (collectively, the Parent Indemnified Parties and together with Investor
Indemnified Parties, the Indemnified Parties ), from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action, demands,
assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, settlements, Taxes, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses, including such fees and expenses at trial and on any appeal), of any nature whatsoever (collectively, the Parent
Indemnified Costs and together with Investor Indemnified Costs, the Indemnified Costs ), asserted against,
resulting from, imposed upon, or incurred by any or all of the Parent Indemnified Parties, by reason of or resulting from or in connection
with the breach by Spring Lane in any capacity of the representations, warranties, covenants, obligations or other agreements made by
Spring Lane in this Agreement, (collectively, Parent Indemnified Claims and together with Investor Indemnified
Claims, the Indemnified Claims ). 

(c) Cap .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, except in the case of fraud, (i) in no event shall Parent Indemnifying Party pay or
be liable for Investor Indemnified Costs in excess of an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the aggregate amount of all Contributions
actually made by Spring Lane, and (ii) in no event shall Investor Indemnifying Party pay or be liable for Parent Indemnified Costs in
excess of an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the aggregate amount of all Contributions actually made by Parent. 

33 

Section
9.2 Third Party Claims . 

(a) Notice
of Claim . Within fifteen (15) days after obtaining actual knowledge of a Third Party Claim in respect of which an Indemnified Party
may seek indemnification under Section 9.1 , such Indemnified Party shall give written notice of the claim to the Indemnifying
Party Indemnification Notice ). The Indemnification Notice shall state, to the extent known, the nature, basis and
status of the Third Party Claim and the amount of the Indemnified Costs claimed. Any failure to deliver an Indemnification Notice to
the Indemnifying Party with respect to a Third Party Claim shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from its obligations to the Indemnified
Party under this Article IX , other than to the extent the failure to give timely notice results in an increase in the amount of
the Indemnified Costs included in the Indemnified Claim. 

(b) Defense
by the Indemnifying Party . The Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in and, subject to Section 9.2(c) , to assume
the defense of, any Third Party Claim for which an Indemnified Party intends to seek indemnification, with counsel selected by the Indemnifying
Party and reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party; provided, that such claim shall be investigated and defended, and such counsel
shall be retained, at the Indemnifying Party s sole expense and, provided, further, that the Indemnified Party shall continue to
be entitled to participate in such defense with counsel of its choice at its sole cost and expense unless otherwise specified in this
 Article IX . Prior to assuming the defense of any Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall give the Indemnified Party written
notice of its election to defend or settle a Third Party Claim Defense Election within thirty (30) days of receiving
an Indemnification Notice with respect to such claim. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate to the extent commercially reasonable with
the Indemnifying Party in connection with any defense or negotiation of any such action or claim by the Indemnifying Party. The Indemnifying
Party shall keep the Indemnified Party fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with
respect to the Third Party Claim. 

(c) Defense
by the Indemnified Party . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) the Indemnifying Party advises an Indemnified Party
that the Indemnifying Party will not contest a claim for indemnification hereunder; or (ii) the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the
Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days of receipt of an Indemnification Notice, in writing, of its election to defend, settle or compromise,
at its sole cost and expense, any such Third Party Claim (or discontinues its defense at any time after it commences such defense), then
the Indemnified Party may, at its option, defend, settle or otherwise compromise or pay such Third Party Claim in each case, and all
reasonable costs and expenses thereof shall constitute Indemnified Claims hereunder, except to the extent the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the Indemnified Party increased the amount of such Third Party Claim. Unless and until the Indemnifying Party delivers
a Defense Election to the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for the Indemnified Party s reasonable costs
and expenses arising out of the defense, settlement or compromise of any Third Party Claim subject to indemnification hereunder. 

(d) No
Settlement Without Consent . The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding in respect
of a Third Party Claim effected without its written consent; provided, that the Indemnifying Party shall not unreasonably withhold such
consent. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 9.2 to the contrary, the Indemnifying Party shall not, without the Indemnified
Party s prior written consent, settle or compromise any claim or consent to entry of judgment in respect thereof that does not
include, as an unconditional term of such settlement, the full and complete release of the Indemnified Party. 

34 

Section
9.3 Indemnification Payments . Payments for Indemnified Claims shall be made within ten (10) Business Days (a) after the Indemnifying
Party receives notice of the claim or, if later, after resolution of any dispute in respect of the claim in the case of claims under
 Section 9.1 ; and (b) promptly after the amount of the claim is (i) finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii)
agreed upon in a settlement agreement or other compromise with the claimant; or (iii) agreed upon by the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
Parties, in the case of Third Party Claims under Section 9.2 . All payments made pursuant to this Section 9.3 shall be paid
by the obligor in immediately available funds. 

Section
9.4 Tax Treatment . Any indemnification payment under this Article IX shall be treated as a nontaxable return of capital
to the Indemnified Party for federal income tax purposes unless otherwise required by applicable law. To the extent any indemnification
payment made by an Indemnifying Party to an Indemnified Party in respect of any claim pursuant to this Article IX is not treated
as a nontaxable return of capital for Tax purposes and instead, is includable as income of the Indemnified Party, the amount of such
payment shall be increased by the amount of any federal and applicable state income Tax required to be paid by the Indemnified Party
or its Affiliates on the receipt or accrual of such indemnification payment, including, for this purpose, the amount of any such federal
and applicable state income Tax required to be paid by the Indemnified Party on the receipt or accrual of the additional amount required
to be added to such payment pursuant to this Section 9.4 , assuming the full deductibility of such state income taxes for federal
income tax purposes, and shall be computed net of any federal or applicable state income tax benefit realized by the Indemnified Party
(whether by refund, credit against or reduction in federal or state income Taxes otherwise payable) in the year the Indemnified Costs
were incurred or paid (or an earlier year) arising from the incurrence or payment of any such Indemnified Costs. For purposes of the
preceding sentence, a Tax benefit realized is a Tax benefit to the extent that it actually results in, or with commercially reasonable
steps capable of being taken by the Indemnified Party would actually result in, a refund of, or actual reduction in, Tax. 

Section
9.5 Indemnified Party Negligence or Misconduct; Breach . No Indemnified Party shall be indemnified for the Indemnified Costs
suffered by such Person to the extent that such Indemnified Costs are attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Person or the breach by Parent, Devco or DVSL, or Spring Lane, of its obligations under the Transaction Documents. 

Section
9.6 No Consequential Damages . Indemnified Costs are limited to direct and actual damages, and shall not include, and no Indemnifying
Party shall have any obligation to pay any Indemnified Party for or in respect of any punitive, consequential damages (other than actual
or direct damages) or exemplary damages of any nature (inclusive of lost profits), other than for any such damages that are included
in a Third Party Claim. The Indemnified Costs shall be the exclusive legal remedy in respect of Indemnified Claims, other than in connection
with the fraud or willful misconduct of a Party, which shall not be subject to such limitations. 

ARTICLE
X 
MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
10.1 Amendments . Any amendment, modification, supplement to, or waiver of any provision of this Agreement may be made only
by a written agreement of all of the Parties. 

35 

Section
10.2 Notices . All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall, subject to
the provisions of this Section 11.2 , be in writing and shall be considered as properly given (a) if delivered in person; (b) if
sent by internationally recognized delivery service; or (c) if sent by electronic mail. Notice given by electronic mail will be deemed
to have been validly and effectively given on the day (if a Business Day and, if not, on the next following Business Day) on which it
is transmitted before 5:00 p.m., recipient s time, and if transmitted after that time, on the next following Business Day. Any
party shall have the right to change its address for notice hereunder to any other location by giving ten (10) days prior written notice
to the other parties in the manner set forth herein. Notices required to be given hereunder shall be delivered to the following addresses: 

If
to Devco: 

Soluna
DV Devco, LLC 

 325
Washington Ave. Extension 

 Albany,
NY 12205 

 Attn:
CFO 

 Phone:

Email:
DVnotice@soluna.io 

If
to DVSL: 

Soluna
DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 

 325
Washington Ave. Extension 

 Albany,
NY 12205 

 Attn:
CFO 

 Phone:

Email:
 DVnotice@soluna.io 

If
to Parent: 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. 

 325
Washington Ave. Extension 

 Albany,
NY 12205 

 Attn:
CFO 

 Phone:

If
to Spring Lane: 

Soluna
SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC 

 175
Portland Street 

 3rd
Floor 

 Boston,
MA 02114 

 Attention:

Email:

with
a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Mintz,
Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky Popeo, P.C. 

 One
Financial Center 

 Boston,
MA 02111 

 Attention:

Emails:

36 

Section
10.3 Binding Effect; Assignment . The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of DVSL, Devco, Parent and Spring Lane and their respective successors and permitted assigns. In no event shall any party hereto assign
this Agreement other than (i) in connection with any permitted assignment under the DVSL Operating Agreement, (ii) as collateral pursuant
to the Financing Documents, or (iii) with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. 

Section
10.4 No Finder s Fees . For the avoidance of doubt, Spring Lane shall not have any direct liability for any commission
or compensation in the nature of a finder s or broker s fee payable by Devco or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Project,
and all such fees shall be included in the Project Budgets. 

Section
10.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with all schedules and exhibits hereto and the other Transaction Documents,
constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all
prior negotiations, correspondence, agreements, understandings, duties or obligations between the parties, written or oral, with respect
to the subject matter hereof. 

Section
10.6 Delay and Waiver . Except as provided herein, no delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to Party
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall impair any such right, power or remedy of the Party, nor shall it be construed
to be a waiver of any breach or default, or an acquiescence thereof, nor shall any waiver of any single default or other breach be deemed
a waiver of any other default or other breach. Any waiver, indulgence, permit, consent or approval of any kind or character by a Party
of any event of default or breach under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or any waiver by a Party of any provision or
condition of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, must be in a writing expressly referencing this Agreement and shall be
effective only to the extent in such writing specifically set forth. 

Section
10.7 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision. 

Section
10.8 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Service of Process . 

(a) Any
dispute or other matter arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of New York, without reference to principles of conflict of laws or choice of laws. 

37 

(b) Each
of the parties irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and of any federal court
located in the Southern District of New York, in each case located in Manhattan, in connection with any suit, action or other proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, agrees to waive any objection to venue in the State
and County of New York. To the extent permitted by law, service of process in connection with any such proceeding may be effected by
mailing in the same manner provided in Section 11.2 or by any other manner prescribed or permitted by Applicable Law. 

(c) Each
party irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

Section
10.9 Payment of Fees and Costs . 

(a) DVSL
shall reimburse Spring Lane or pay directly the reasonable and documented third party and out-of-pocket fees and costs incurred by Spring
Lane and its Affiliates, including the legal fees and expenses of counsel for Spring Lane, related to drafting and negotiating this Agreement,
the DVSL Operating Agreement and the Project Documents. 

(b) DVSL
shall reimburse Spring Lane the reasonable and documented third party and out-of-pocket fees and costs incurred by Spring Lane and its
Affiliates in connection with the due diligence of the Project up to 50,000 or as otherwise agreed upon in writing between Spring Lane
and Parent. Such reimbursement shall be paid by the Company to Spring Lane, or an Affiliate designated by Spring Lane, on the date that
the First Contribution is made by any Member and shall be deemed a Project Cost and shall be included in the Project Budget. 

Section
10.10 Patriot Act . 

(a) Spring
Lane hereby notifies DVSL and Devco that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it may be required to obtain, verify and record
information that identifies each Transaction Party, and each affiliate thereof, which information includes the name and address of each
such Person, and other information that will allow Spring Lane to identify each Transaction Party in accordance with the Patriot Act,
and DVSL and Devco shall cooperate upon Spring Lane s request to promptly provide such information. 

(b) Company
hereby notifies Spring Lane that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it may be required to obtain, verify and record information
that identifies each of Spring Lane and each affiliate thereof, which information includes the name and address of each such person,
and other information that will allow DVSL to identify each such person in accordance with the Patriot Act, and Spring Lane shall cooperate
upon DVSL s request to promptly provide such information. 

Section
10.11 Further Assurances . Each party shall promptly execute, deliver, file, or record such agreements, instruments, certificates
and other documents and to do and perform such other and further acts and things as any other party may reasonably request or as may
be otherwise necessary or proper to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to carry out the purposes and provisions of this
Agreement. 

Section
10.12 Counterpart; Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which may be
delivered by facsimile transmission or electronically in .PDF format and each of which shall be an original but all of which together
will constitute one instrument, binding upon all parties hereto, notwithstanding that all of such parties may not have executed the same
counterpart. Delivery of an electronic counterpart shall be effective as manual delivery thereof. 

Section
10.13 Termination; Form of Project Documents . This Agreement shall terminate automatically without any action required by any
Party, if the Parties do not agree upon the forms of all agreements and documents contemplated hereby (including, without limitation,
the form of Shared Facilities Agreement, the form of Administrative Services Agreement, EPC agreement, O M contract and each other
agreement contemplated thereunder, and the project O M agreement and EPC agreement), within forty-five (45) days after the date hereof.
Such forty-five (45) day period may be extended by mutual written agreement between the Parties. The Parties shall use commercial reasonable
best efforts to agree upon a form of Administrative Services Agreement and a form of Shared Facilities Agreement, which shall be attached
as Exhibit B and Exhibit C hereto, respectively, and all agreements and documents contemplated thereby. This Agreement
may also be terminated upon mutual written consent of the Parties at any time prior to the Capital Commitment Expiration Date. 

[REMAINDER
OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

38 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement as of the date first written above. 

Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement] 

Soluna
 DV Devco, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement] 

Soluna
 Holdings, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement] 

Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement] 

EXHIBIT
A 

Form
of Contribution Request 

CONTRIBUTION
REQUEST 

(Delivered
pursuant to Section 2.2(e) of the Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement) 

Date:
 [ ] 

 Requested
Contribution Date: [ ] 

[__________] 

 c/o
[ ] 
[ADDRESS] 
[CITY, STATE ZIP] 
Attn: 
Email: 

Re: Soluna
DVSL ComputeCo, LLC Contribution Request 

This
Contribution Request is delivered to you pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement dated as of February ___,
2023 (the Contribution Agreement by and among Soluna DV Devco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Devco ),
Soluna Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation Parent ), Soluna DVSL ComputeCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company DVSL ), and Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Spring Lane ,
and together with Devco, Parent and DVSL, the Parties ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this
Contribution Request shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Contribution Agreement, and the terms and provisions of Section
1.2 of the Contribution Agreement shall apply as though set forth herein. 

[DVSL
/ The Requisite Class B Members] submit[s] this Contribution Request pursuant to Section 2.2(e) of the Contribution Agreement. 

1. The
 date of the requested Subsequent Contribution is [________] 1 . 

2. The
 aggregate amount of the Subsequent Contribution is [ ________]. 

3. The
 proceeds of the proposed Subsequent Contribution will be applied to the Project Costs of
 the Project [and if to Project Costs that are Approved Expenses, the amount of such Approved
 Expenses to be paid from the requested Subsequent Contribution is [______], as set forth
 below in an amount (consistent with the timing and source of funds of such reimbursement
 as previously agreed between Spring Lane and Devco) not to exceed, in the aggregate, the
 Development Reimbursement]. 

1
 NTD: Date must be at least [10] business days
after the date of the Contribution Request. 

Exhibit A- 1 

______________________________________________ 

______________________________________________ 

______________________________________________ 

______________________________________________ 

______________________________________________ 

______________________________________________ 

4. We
 request that [______] disburse the proceeds of the Subsequent Contribution to the following
 payees in the following amounts: 

Payee: 

 Payees 
Address: 

 Credit 

 Name
of Account 

 Amount: 

Bank: 

ABA: 

Account
#: 

The
undersigned further confirms and certifies to [_____] that, as of the date of the requested Subsequent Contribution: 

(a) The
conditions precedent to this Subsequent Contribution set forth in Section 4.2 of the Contribution Agreement have been satisfied
or waived in accordance with the terms thereof. 2 

(b) The
proceeds of the proposed Subsequent Contribution will be applied to pay Project Costs in accordance with the Project Budget, and if to
Project Costs that are Approved Expenses, shall be applied in a manner consistent with the timing and sources of funds for such reimbursements
as previously agreed between Spring Lane and Devco, and shall be in an amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, the Development Reimbursement. 

(c) [No
portion of the proposed Subsequent Contribution shall be used or applied in respect of any Cost Overrun Contingency. / The proceeds of
the proposed Subsequent Contribution shall be used in respect of a Cost Overrun Contingency, and all of the conditions precedent set
forth in Section 4.3 of the Contribution Agreement have been fully satisfied by or waived in accordance with the terms thereof.] 

(d) The
amount of the proposed Subsequent Contribution, when aggregated with all other Capital Contributions made under the Contribution Agreement,
does not exceed the Parent Commitment and the Spring Lane Commitment. The amount of the proposed Subsequent Contribution, when aggregated
with all other Capital Contributions made under the Contribution Agreement, does not exceed the Parent Commitment and the Spring Lane
Commitment. The amount of the proposed Subsequent Contribution, when aggregated with all other Capital Contributions made under the Contribution
Agreement, does not exceed the Parent Commitment and the Spring Lane Commitment. 

[ Signature
page follows . ] 

2
 NTD: Any subsequent contribution, including with
respect to cost overrun contingencies, should require that all conditions precedents are met, unless waived. 

Exhibit A- 2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Contribution Request to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A- 3 

EXHIBIT
B 

FORM
OF ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT 

[See
Attached] 

Exhibit B - 1 

EXHIBIT
C 

FORM
OF SHARED FACILITIES AGREEMENT 

Exhibit C - 1 

SCHEDULE
1 

Closing
Consents 

1. Consent
 of under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of October 20, 2021 between Soluna Holdings,
 Inc. (f/k/a Mechanical Technology, Incorporated) and each purchaser identified on the signature
 pages thereto, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, and the
 secured convertible note issued thereunder. 

SCHEDULE
2 

Insurance 

Parent ,
 Devco and SLC Computing Company Insurance Construction and Operation Period 

Parent,
Devco and SLC Computing Company, to the extent applicable, will each obtain insurance for itself and each of its Affiliates coverage
with responsible insurance providers (as evidenced by an AM best rating of A- I VIII or better) on terms and in amounts sufficient to
comply with all Project Documents and any Project Documents and Financing Documents. All policies that are written on a claims made form
must be maintained by for at least five (5) years following the termination of this Agreement. The insurance coverage for each shall
include, at a minimum but not be limited to, the following: 

(a) Workers Compensation . Workers compensation insurance in compliance with appropriate federal and state laws, and employers liability insurance with limit of not less than 1,000,000 per accident or disease for each employee; 

(b) Property Insurance property insurance in an amount not less than the full replacement cost of all property owned by SLC Computing Company or its Affiliates under commercially reasonable terms and deductibles. 

(c) Commercial General Liability . 

With
respect to construction: Commercial general liability insurance, occurrence form, including, but not limited to, contractual coverage
for all of the provisions of this Agreement, with limits of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence with a 2,000,000 aggregate; and 

With
respect to operations: Commercial general liability insurance, occurrence form, including, but not limited to, contractual coverage for
all of the provisions of this Agreement, with limits of not less than 1,000,000 per occurrence with a 2,000,000 aggregate; 

(d)
 Automobile Liability . On or prior to the commencement of operations, automobile liability insurance, including vehicles owned,
hired and non-owned, with a combined single limit of not less than 1,000,000 per accident; 

(e)
 Excess Liability . Excess liability insurance, umbrella form, shall carry coverage in excess of the limits provided for in the
above policies except employer s liability, with a limit of not less than (i) during construction, 10,000,000 and (ii) during
operations, 5,000,000; 

(f)
Builder s Risk. In an amount at least equal to 57,363,601, which shall cover the Project as well as the project owned by Soluna
DV ComputeCo, LLC, with deductible periods and term to be agreed. 

(g)
Director s and Officer s. Coverage in an amount and on terms agreed upon by Spring Lane and Parent in writing. 

 . 

 (h)
Errors and Omissions . To be provided by the EPC Contractor in amounts to be determined by the Soluna s insurance advisors. 

(i)
Title Insurance . Coverage in an amount and on terms agreed upon by Spring Lane and Parent in writing. 

(j)
Cybersecurity . Coverage in an amount and on terms agreed upon by Spring Lane and Parent in writing and to the extent available on
commercial reasonable terms. 

Schedule
7.8 

Tax
Matters 

None. 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 8
 ex10-68.htm

Exhibit
10.68 

Portions
of this Document which are competitively sensitive have been redacted. 

Execution
Version 

AGREEMENT
FOR ELECTRIC SERVICE TO 

 SOLUNA DV SERVICES, LLC 

BY
AND BETWEEN 

SOLUNA
DV SERVICES, LLC 

AND 

LIGHTHOUSE
ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE, INC. 

EFFECTIVE DATE: FEBRUARY 24, 2023 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

I. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 2 
 
 II. 
 TERM 
 10 
 
 III. 
 MEMBERSHIP. 
 11 
 
 IV. 
 CONDITIONS 
 11 
 
 V. 
 TERMS
 OF SERVICE 
 13 
 
 VI. 
 CUSTOMER
 FACILITIES 
 15 
 
 VII. 
 RIGHT
 OF ACCESS 
 16 
 
 VIII. 
 COMPLIANCE
 WITH APPLICABLE LAW 
 16 
 
 IX. 
 METERING
 AND DISCONNECTING CIRCUIT BREAKER 
 17 
 
 X. 
 PERFORMANCE
 SECURITY 
 19 
 
 XI. 
 MONTHLY
 AND WEEKLY CHARGES 
 20 
 
 XII. 
 INVOICES
 AND PAYMENT 
 21 
 
 XIII. 
 TAXES 
 23 
 
 XIV. 
 RESALE 
 23 
 
 XV. 
 FORCE
 MAJEURE 
 23 
 
 XVI. 
 INDEMNIFICATION,
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 
 24 
 
 XVII. 
 FINES
 AND PENALTIES 
 27 
 
 XVIII. 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES 
 27 
 
 XIX. 
 BREACH/DISCONTINUANCE
 OF SERVICE 
 29 
 
 XX. 
 TERMINATION 
 30 
 
 XXI. 
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
 32 
 
 XXII. 
 DISPUTES 
 33 
 
 XXIII. 
 FORWARD
 CONTRACT AND MASTER NETTING AGREEMENT 
 34 
 
 XXIV. 
 ASSIGNMENT 
 34 
 
 XXV. 
 NOTICE 
 34 
 
 XXVI. 
 ENTIRE
 AGREEMENT 
 35 
 
 XXVII. 
 WAIVER. 
 36 
 
 XXVIII. 
 THIRD
 PARTY BENEFICIARIES 
 36 
 
 XXIX. 
 ADDITIONAL
 TERMS 
 36 
 
 XXX. 
 SURVIVAL;
 EFFECT OF TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 
 37 
 
 XXXI. 
 MULTIPLE
 COUNTERPARTS/FAX OR EMAIL SIGNATURES 
 37 
 
 XXXII. 
 CHOICE
 OF LAW AND VENUE 
 37 
 
 XXXIII. 
 JURY
 WAIVER. 
 37 
 
 XXXIV. 
 NON-WAIVER. 
 37 
 
 XXXV. 
 AMENDMENTS 
 38 
 
 XXXVI. 
 RULES
 OF CONSTRUCTION 
 38 

AGREEMENT
FOR ELECTRIC SERVICE TO SOLUNA DV SERVICES, LLC 

This
contract for electric service (this Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is by
and between Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc., a Texas cooperative corporation (hereinafter referred to as Cooperative ),
and Soluna DV Services, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, a subsidiary of Soluna Computing, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Customer ).
Cooperative and Customer are individually referred to as Party and collectively referred to as the Parties. 

WHEREAS ,
Briscoe Wind Farm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Briscoe owns and operates an approximately one hundred and
fifty (150) MW windfarm located at or near Briscoe and Floyd Counties, Texas, together with all materials, systems, structures, features
and improvements necessary to produce electricity at such facility (the Facility and associated Briscoe Interconnection
Facilities (as defined below); 

WHEREAS ,
Customer desires to develop, install, and operate several modular datacenters on a single modular data center farm (the MDC Farm that will be (a) built in phases, with the first phase having an estimated peak demand of the lesser of approximately twenty-five (25)
MW or the peak demand approved by ERCOT (the First Phase and the completed MDC Farm having an estimated peak demand of
up to approximately one hundred and fifty (150) MW, and (b) electrically interconnected to the Briscoe Interconnection Facilities (defined
below) behind the Facility s Point of Interconnection (as defined below) to the ERCOT Transmission System (as defined below); 

WHEREAS ,
GSEC (as defined below), Cooperative s full requirements wholesale provider, has by separate agreement arranged to purchase power
at wholesale from Briscoe or to deliver and purchase power from the ERCOT (as defined below) market to serve Cooperative with electric
power and energy for resale to Customer for service to the MDC Farm; 

WHEREAS ,
by this Agreement, the Parties have agreed to contract for the provision of electric power and energy to be provided by Cooperative to
Customer at the Delivery Point (as defined below) for service to the MDC Farm; 

WHEREAS ,
Briscoe and Customer wish to settle the Customer s Load (defined below) and the Facility s Net Energy, as defined herein,
on a net basis with ERCOT in accordance with ERCOT Nodal Protocol 10.3.2.3 and Applicable Law Net Metering ); 

WHEREAS ,
Customer requires Service (as defined below) from the Cooperative at the Delivery Point commencing on the Service Date (as defined below);
and 

1 

WHEREAS ,
Customer wishes to become a member of Cooperative, as further provided herein: 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the monies to be paid by Customer to Cooperative, and the mutual covenants, agreements, recitals,
and obligations herein, the Parties do hereby agree as follows: 

I. DEFINITIONS 

Affiliate 
means, in relation to any Party, (i) any other Person that Controls, is under the Control of, or is under common Control with the named
Party and (ii) any Person that, directly or indirectly, is the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50 or more of any class of equity
securities of, or a membership, joint venture, partnership or other ownership interest in, the named Party or of which the named Party
is directly or indirectly the owner of fifty percent (50 or more of any class of equity securities or other ownership interest. 

Agreement 
has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph. 

Applicable
Law(s) means all laws, statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, regulations, certificates, orders, licenses and permits of any Governmental
Authority, or other executive, legislative, judicial, or administrative action of a Governmental Authority, including a final decree,
judgment or order of a court, that are applicable to a Party, the business of a Party, the MDC Farm, or the Facility, or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement now in effect or hereafter enacted, amendments to or interpretations of any of the foregoing by a Governmental
Authority having jurisdiction, and all applicable judicial, administrative, arbitration and regulatory decrees, judgments, injunctions,
writs, orders, awards or like actions, including, without limitation, environmental laws pertaining to the facilities or the MDC Farm
or the Service or operation thereof, which standards or criteria must be met in order for the Service or facilities to be lawfully provided
or operated. Applicable Laws includes the ERCOT Protocols and the requirements of NERC and the TRE. 

Associated
Equipment has the meaning given in Section IX(B). 

Aux
Energy means Energy delivered to Briscoe to power auxiliary facilities and station load pursuant to the Aux Energy Retail Service
Agreements. 

Aux
Energy Retail Service Agreements has the meaning given to such term in the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

Bankrupt 
means, with respect to a Party, such Party (i) files a petition or otherwise commences, authorizes or acquiesces in the commencement
of a proceeding or cause of action under any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law; (ii) makes a general assignment
for the benefit of creditors; (iii) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, or merger); (iv) has been
adjudicated bankrupt; (v) becomes subject to an order, judgment or decree for relief, entered in an involuntary case, without the
application, approval or consent of such Party by any court of competent jurisdiction appointing a receiver, trustee, assignee,
custodian or liquidator, for a substantial part of any of its assets and such order, judgment or decree shall continue unstayed and
in effect for any period of ninety (90) consecutive days; (vi) has failed to remove an involuntary petition in bankruptcy filed
against it within ninety (90) days of the filing thereof, or (vii) becomes subject to an order for relief under the provisions of
the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 301. 

2 

Bankruptcy
Code means Title 11 of the United States Code. Briscoe has the meaning given in the Recitals hereof. 

Briscoe
Interconnection Facilities means the physical equipment utilized by the Facility to interconnect to the Delivery Point, including
transmission lines, transformers and associated equipment, substations, relay and switching equipment and safety equipment. 

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or any day on which national banks in Dallas, Texas are authorized or required to
close. 

Change
in Law means the adoption, enactment, promulgation or issuance of, a change in, or a new or changed interpretation by a Governmental
Authority of, any Applicable Law after the Effective Date. 

Claims 
means any and all demands, claims, judgments, obligations, liabilities, liens, causes of action, lawsuits, arbitrations, mediations,
investigations or proceedings, whether at law or in equity. 

Conditions
Satisfaction Date has the meaning set forth in the GSEC Briscoe PPA. Cooperative has the meaning given in the introductory
paragraph. 

Confidential
Information means all oral and written information (i) relating to the business, strategy, policies, prospects, assets or plans
of a Party or any members of a Party s or GSEC s Group, in each case pertaining to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby, (ii) relating to load and customer information of GSEC or a Party, and (iii) all other information identified as confidential
provided by a Party pursuant to this Agreement. With respect to clauses (i) and (ii), information shall be Confidential Information whether
or not it is marked as confidential by a Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, only the price terms in this Agreement shall be Confidential
Information. The following information does not constitute Confidential Information: (a) information that is or becomes generally available
to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the receiving Party in violation of this Agreement or any other obligation of
confidentiality; (b) information that was already known by the receiving Party on a non-confidential basis prior to this Agreement; (c)
information that becomes available to the receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the disclosing Party if
such source was not, to the knowledge of the receiving Party, subject to any prohibition against disclosing the information to the receiving
Party; (d) information that the receiving Party develops independently without using the Confidential Information; and (e) information
that the disclosing Party approves for release in writing. 

Control 
(including the terms controls , controlled , under the control of and under common control
with means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies
of a Party, whether through ownership interest, by contract or otherwise. 

3 

Cooperative
Group means Cooperative and its directors, officers, managers, members, employees, attorneys-in-fact and agents. 

Interval has the meaning set forth in the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

Net
Energy means, for any period during the Term, the Net Energy delivered by the Facility to GSEC for resale to Cooperative to serve
Customer s Load during Intervals, as measured at the MDC Meter. 

Net
Energy Price means a price of /MWh. Customer has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph. Customer
Facilities has the meaning given in Section VI(A). 

Customer
Ground Lease means the Lease Agreement by and between Customer and Alice Faye Grabbe dated as of February 24, 2023. 

Customer
Group means Customer and its directors, officers, managers, members, employees, attorneys-in-fact, and agents. 

Customer s
Load means the load of the MDC Farm. DCB has the meaning given in Section IX(E). 

DCB
Consultant has the meaning given in Section IX(E). 

DCB
Consultant Agreement has the meaning given in Section IX(E). 

Delivery
Point means the EPS Meter located where Energy is delivered to the MDC Farm, which shall be the location where the Facility is
electrically interconnected with the ERCOT Transmission System, as defined in the ERCOT Protocols and the Interconnection Agreement,
and as specifically described in Exhibit D. 

Effective
Date has the meaning given in the introductory paragraph. Energy means alternating current electric energy measured
in MWh. 

Environmental
Attributes means the environmental and other attributes as may exist from time to time that differentiate the Facility or the
Energy generated by the Facility from energy generated by fossil fuel or nuclear powered generating units, and any and all credits,
benefits, emissions reductions, offsets, and allowances, howsoever entitled, attributable to the generation from the Facility, and
its displacement of conventional energy generation, including (i) any avoided emissions of pollutants to the air, soil or water such
as sulfur oxides (SOx), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide (CO) and other pollutants designated by the United States
Environmental Protection Agency or other Governmental Authorities, (ii) all emissions reduction credits; (iii) any avoided emissions
of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride and other
greenhouse gases (GHGs) that have been determined by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, or otherwise by
law, to contribute to the actual or potential threat of altering the earth s climate by trapping heat in the atmosphere, (iv)
credits, benefits or allowances resulting from the compliance of the Facility or Energy from the Facility with the laws, rules and
standards of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the UNFCCC or the Kyoto Protocol of the
UNFCCC or crediting early action with a view thereto, and (v) all RECs. 

4 

EPS
Meter means the ERCOT-Polled Settlement Meter, as such term is defined in the ERCOT Protocols, that is assigned to Briscoe for
purposes of settling Export Energy. 

 EPS
Metering Design has the meaning assigned to such term in the ERCOT Protocols. ERCOT means the Electric Reliability
Council of Texas, a non-profit corporation, and 

 its
successor(s) in responsibilities and function. 

ERCOT
Protocols means the ERCOT Nodal Protocols, Operating Guides, Planning Guides, and other binding documents adopted by ERCOT, including
any attachments or exhibits referenced in such documents, as amended from time to time, that contain the scheduling, operating, planning,
reliability, and settlement policies, rules, guidelines, procedures, standards and criteria of ERCOT. 

ERCOT
Settlement Metering Operating Guide means the ERCOT Settlement Metering Operating Guide dated June 1, 2022, as may be amended
from time to time. 

ERCOT
Transmission System means the interconnected Transmission Service Provider- owned facilities that are used for transmission of
electricity in ERCOT. 

Event
of Default has the meaning given in Section XIX. 

Export
Energy means, for any period during the Term, the Energy generated by the Facility and exported to the ERCOT Transmission System
at the EPS Meter. 

Extension
Term has the meaning assigned to such term in Section II(A). Facility has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Federal
Power Act means the Federal Power Act, as amended, 16 U.S.C. 791a, et seq. 

Finance
Entity(ies) means any and all individuals or entities of any type, including their 

 authorized
agents and representatives, providing any form of direct or indirect debt or equity financing, including debt guaranty or assurance,
to a Party or Indemnitee, and including senior or subordinated debt, lease or equity financing (including tax equity financing). 

Firm
Load Shed means ERCOT-directed curtailment of retail customers during Energy Emergency Alert (EEA) Level 3 or a transmission emergency,
as further described in the ERCOT Protocols. 

5 

First
Phase has the meaning given in the Recitals. 

Forced
Outage means an unexpected failure of one or more components of the Facility that prevents Briscoe from making power available
to serve Customer s Load. 

Force
Majeure means an event or circumstance which (i) prevents a Party from performing its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) which
event or circumstance is beyond the reasonable control of such Party, (iii) was not reasonably foreseeable by such Party, or if reasonably
foreseeable could not have been overcome with the exercise of due diligence, (iv) is not the result of such Party s negligence
or fault, and (v) which by the exercise of due diligence, such Party is unable to overcome or avoid or cause to be avoided. Without limiting
the prior sentence, Force Majeure shall include (provided the criteria in the first sentence are met) failure of transmission or distribution
facilities or other equipment, partial or complete forced outage, breakage of or damage to machinery or equipment, acts of God, fire,
tornado, earthquake, flooding, explosion, severe weather conditions including ice and wind, civil disturbance, acts of the public enemy,
strikes or embargoes, action or restraint by court order or Governmental Authority, riot, insurrection, war, labor dispute, natural disaster,
pandemic or epidemic, vandalism, terrorism, and sabotage; provided, however, under no circumstances shall the following circumstances
or conditions constitute a Force Majeure: any Change in Law addressed in Section XX(B), economic hardship, or change in market conditions
affecting the economics of any Party. 

Governmental
Authority means any federal, state, local or municipal governmental, quasi-governmental, regulatory or administrative agency,
commission, body or other authority, including a court, exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative,
policy, regulatory or taxing authority or power, or any court or governmental tribunal or any other entity with legal authority as to
the electric system in the geographic area in which the MDC Farm is located, or their respective successor entities. Governmental
Authority includes any independent system operator, reliability organization, public utility commission, or quasi-governmental
or quasi-regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Parties, the Facility, or the subject matter of this Agreement, including
NERC, ERCOT, PUCT and TRE, or their successor entities. For the avoidance of doubt, Governmental Authority excludes GSEC,
Briscoe, Customer and Cooperative. 

Group 
means, collectively, the Customer Group, GSEC Group and the Cooperative Group, or individually, the Customer Group or the GSEC Group
or the Cooperative Group, as the case may be. 

GSEC 
means Golden Spread Electric Cooperative, Inc., an electric generation and transmission cooperative providing wholesale electric service
to Cooperative on the Service Date. 

GSEC
Briscoe PPA means that certain Wind Power Purchase Agreement entered into by GSEC and Briscoe contemporaneously with this Agreement. 

6 

GSEC
Group means GSEC and its directors, officers, managers, members, employees, attorneys-in-fact and agents. 

Import
Energy means, for any period during the Term, Energy and Ancillary Services (Ancillary Services as defined by the ERCOT Protocols)
purchased from the ERCOT wholesale market through the Delivery Point by GSEC for resale to Cooperative to serve Customer s Load
when the Energy generated by the Facility is insufficient to meet the total combined demand of the Customer s Load and the Facility,
as measured at the Delivery Point. 

Import
Energy Charges means all charges, penalties, fees, or other costs assessed by ERCOT or any other entity under Applicable Law based
on the Import Energy for the relevant Settlement Interval, including any resettled or restated amounts. 

Import
Energy Fee means /MWh. 

Import
Energy Price means the SPP plus all charges and fees assessed by ERCOT or any other entity under Applicable Law based on the portion
of usage metered at the Delivery Point that is attributable to Import Energy for the relevant Settlement Interval, including any resettled
or restated amounts. 

Indemnified
Losses means any and all losses, damages, costs, expenses, liabilities, fines, penalties or judgments of whatever kind or character
incurred by a Person or Party with respect to a Claim, including reasonable attorneys fees, court costs and other reasonable costs
and expenses of litigation. 

Indemnitee 
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section XVI(A)(i). 

Indemnitor 
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section XVI(A)(i). Interconnection Agreement means that certain ERCOT Standard
Generation 

Interconnection
Agreement by and between Briscoe and the Transmission Service Provider (as successor-in-interest to Sharyland Utilities, L.P.) for the
Facility, dated as of December 20, 2013, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 ERCOT Standard Generation Interconnection Agreement,
dated as of October 14, 2014, and as may be amended further from time to time. 

Interest
Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section XII(A). 

Market
Price Cap means an SPP of /MWh, which may be adjusted by the mutual written agreement of Cooperative, Customer and GSEC. 

Material
Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Person, a material adverse effect on the ability of such Person to achieve compliance
with Applicable Law with respect to transactions made pursuant to this Agreement, or, with respect to Cooperative: (i) a decrease in
the net revenue on a per megawatt-hour basis received by Cooperative under this Agreement of /MWh or more; or (ii) an increase
in unrecovered net cost for GSEC or Cooperative on a per megawatt-hour basis of /MWh or more arising from its performance under
this Agreement or the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

7 

MDC
Farm has the meaning given in the Recitals hereof. 

MDC
Interconnection Facilities means the electrical delivery facilities to be owned and operated by Customer that are used to deliver
power from the Briscoe Interconnection Facilities to the MDC Farm, as further described in Exhibit A. 

MDC
Meter has the meaning set forth in Section IX(B). 

Meter 
means the EPS Meter or the MDC Meter, as the case may be. 

MW means megawatt of alternating current. 

MWh 
means megawatt-hour of alternating current. 

NERC 
means the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and the applicable regional entities performing functions through delegation
agreements with NERC, each an entity charged with developing, monitoring, assessing and enforcing compliance with reliability standards
pursuant to Section 215 of the Federal Power Act, and their successors in responsibilities and function. 

NERC
Reliability Standard(s) means a requirement or requirements, approved by the United States Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
under Section 215 of the Federal Power Act, or approved or recognized by an applicable Governmental Authority in other jurisdictions,
to provide for Reliable Operation of the Bulk-Power System (as such terms are defined by NERC). The term includes requirements for the
operation of existing Bulk-Power System facilities, including cybersecurity protection, and the design of planned additions or modifications
to such facilities to the extent necessary to provide for Reliable Operation of the Bulk-Power System, but the term does not include
any requirement to enlarge such facilities or to construct new transmission capacity or generation capacity. 

Net
Energy means, for any period during the Term, Energy generated by the Facility and delivered to GSEC for resale to Cooperative
to serve Customer s Load, measured in the manner set forth in Exhibit B. 

Net
Energy Fee means /MWh. 

Net
Energy Security has the meaning set forth in the Performance Security Agreement. 

Net Metering has the meaning provided
in the Recitals. 

Netting
Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section XII(E). 

Operating Procedure has the meaning set forth in Section
IX(I). 

Performance Security Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section X. 

8 

Person 
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated organization,
Governmental Authority or other form of entity or organization. 

Point
of Interconnection means the location where the Facility is electrically interconnected with the ERCOT Transmission System, as
defined in the ERCOT Protocols and the Interconnection Agreement and as specifically described in Exhibit B of the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

Power
Generation Company means a power generation company as defined in TEX. UTIL. CODE 31.002(10) and 16 Texas Administrative
Code 25.5(82), in each case as may be amended from time to time. 

Primary
Term has the meaning assigned to such term in Section II(A). 

PUCT 
means Public Utility Commission of Texas, and its successor(s) in responsibilities and function. 

RECs 
means any credits, credit certificates, green tags, or similar Environmental Attributes or green energy attributes (such as those for
greenhouse reduction or the generation of green power or renewable energy) created by a Governmental Authority or independent certification
board or group generally recognized in the electric power generation industry, and generated by or associated with the Facility or electricity
produced therefrom (including Renewable Energy Credits as defined in 16 Texas Administrative Code 25.173(c), as
it may be amended or recodified from time to time), but excluding Tax credits or benefits. 

Related
Agreement means the GSEC Briscoe PPA, the Performance Security Agreement any Netting Agreement, and any Net Energy Security issued
in connection with the Performance Security Agreement. 

 Service 
means the service contracted for by the Parties pursuant to this Agreement. Service Date means the date on which all conditions
precedent applicable to the First 

Phase
as set forth in Section IV and Section IX(A) have been met or waived by both Parties and the MDC Farm is capable of accepting deliveries
of Net Energy and Import Energy over the MDC Interconnection Facilities. Such Service Date shall be confirmed to Cooperative by Customer
and Briscoe delivering a notice in writing to GSEC and Cooperative indicating that the Service Date under this Agreement and the GSEC
Briscoe PPA has occurred. The Service Date is expected to occur on or about March 15, 2023. 

Settlement
Interval means the period of time utilized by ERCOT as the basis for settlement calculations in the Real-Time Energy Market (as
defined in the ERCOT Protocols), which as of the Effective Date is fifteen (15) minutes. 

means Price (as such term is defined in the ERCOT Protocols) for the (as such term is defined in the ERCOT Protocols) where the
Service Delivery Point (as such term is defined in the ERCOT Protocols) is located, as published by 

9 

ERCOT,
for the (as defined in the ERCOT Protocols), currently . 

Net
Energy means all Net Energy measured at the MDC Meter that is not Net Energy. 

Net
Energy Price has the meaning set forth in the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

Suspension Period has the meaning set forth in the
Performance Security Agreement. 

Taxes 
means use, conservation, energy, transmission, utility, gross receipts, privilege, sales, use, excise and other taxes, governmental
charges, fees, and assessments, but excluding taxes based on net income or net worth, in each case that are imposed by a
Governmental Authority. 

Term 
means the Primary Term and any Extension Term, as the case may be. 

Termination
Payment means that payment required to be paid upon termination or rejection of this Agreement as described in Section
XX. 

Transmission
Service Provider has the meaning set forth in the ERCOT Protocols. As of the Effective Date, the Transmission Service Provider
is Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC. 

Transmission
Use Charge has the meaning set forth in Section XI(G). 

TRE 
means Texas Reliability Entity, Inc., and its successors in responsibilities and function. 

UFLS 
means Under-Frequency Load Shed as defined by NERC. 

UFLS
Equipment means equipment necessary to satisfy UFLS Requirements. 

UFLS
Requirements means under-frequency load shedding obligations imposed upon GSEC or Cooperative, pursuant to NERC Standard PRC-006-3
 Automatic Underfrequency Load Shedding, PRC-005-6 Protection System, Automatic Reclosing, and Sudden
Pressure Relaying Maintenance, PRC-008 Implementation and Documentation of Underfrequency Load Shedding Equipment Maintenance
Program, and Section 2.6.1 of the ERCOT Nodal Operating Guides as those ERCOT requirements and NERC Reliability Standards may be succeeded
and/or amended from time to time. 

II. TERM 

A. The
term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless terminated sooner in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, the primary term shall continue for five (5) years from the earlier of (i) the date that is one (1) year after the
Effective Date or (ii) the Service Date (the Primary Term ). Following the Primary Term, this Agreement shall continue
for five (5) extension terms of one (1) year each (each such term, an Extension Term unless terminated sooner in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or unless terminated by Cooperative or Customer by written notice delivered to the
other Party at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the Primary Term or then-applicable Extension Term, as the case may
be. 

10 

B. Customer
acknowledges that, on the Service Date, Customer shall begin to incur payment and other obligations associated with Cooperative providing
Service. 

C. The
expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not relieve Customer of its obligation to pay Cooperative for all costs and expenses
associated with providing Service or arising under this Agreement. 

III. MEMBERSHIP 

During
the Term, Customer shall be a member of Cooperative and shall be bound by the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
of Cooperative and by such rules and regulations as may from time to time be adopted by Cooperative; provided that any amendments to
such rules and regulations as may from time to time be adopted by Cooperative after the Effective Date may not apply to Customer to the
extent they are inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement during the Term. The Parties shall comply with all rules
and regulations of the PUCT, NERC, TRE, and ERCOT pertaining to the Parties hereto. 

IV. CONDITIONS 

A. The
rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement are expressly conditioned upon the satisfaction, or waiver in writing by each
Party, of the following conditions to the extent applicable to the First Phase on or before the Conditions Satisfaction Date: 

(1) obtaining
any necessary approvals from ERCOT and the Transmission Service Provider to connect and Net Meter Customer s Load associated with
the First Phase and the Facility s Net Energy as contemplated by the GSEC Briscoe PPA and as further set forth in Section IX; 

(2) execution
of the GSEC Briscoe PPA concurrently with the execution of this Agreement and the satisfaction of all conditions precedent set forth
in Article 3 of the GSEC Briscoe PPA; 

(3) Customer
installing UFLS Equipment sufficient for the Customer s Load to count toward Cooperative s and GSEC s UFLS Requirements
in compliance with ERCOT and NERC requirements; 

(4) Customer
or its Affiliate providing access and permissions needed to allow Cooperative or its designee to achieve Firm Load Shed of Customer s
Load as provided in this Agreement; 

11 

(5)
Cooperative or its designee, as applicable, being assured, as a condition precedent and as an ongoing condition throughout the Term,
that they can: (i) exclude Customer s Load from their respective Firm Load Shed obligations, (ii) meet any Firm Load Shed
obligation that has arisen due to the demand of the Customer s Load by curtailing the Customer s Load, (iii) curtail the
Customer s Load as reasonably necessary to ensure that the Facility is the sole source of Energy for the Customer s Load
during periods that would cause an incremental Firm Load Shed allocation to GSEC or Cooperative, or (iv) implement other changes to
ERCOT s methodology for allocating Firm Load Shed that prevents any allocation caused by the Customer s Load from being
borne by other GSEC or Cooperative customers; 

(6) completion
of any additional requirements imposed by ERCOT in connection with Cooperative interconnecting or serving Customer s Load associated
with the First Phase, including without limitation any load, reliability, or interconnection study imposed on either Party, or on Briscoe
or GSEC, to comply with NERC Reliability Standards FAC-001 and FAC-002, which shall be completed at Customer s expense; 

(7) The
MDC Meter being installed and under the Cooperative s ownership and operation pursuant to the terms of the Operating Procedures
and Section IX(B); 

(8) Customer
granting access rights sufficient to allow the Cooperative and GSEC, as necessary, access to the MDC Meter for purposes of installing,
reading, testing, maintaining, repairing, or replacing such MDC Meter pursuant to the terms of an access easement in the form of Exhibit
C; 

(9) Customer
shall have posted the credit support (including without limitation the Import Energy Account, Net Energy Security and the Performance
Security as each such term is defined in the Performance Security Agreement) required to be posted by Customer under the Performance
Security Agreement; and 

(10) Execution
of the DCB Consultant Agreement by the DCB Consultant and Customer prior to the initiation of Service. 

B. The
Parties agree that the assurance required by the Firm Load Shed condition in Section IV(A)(5) may be satisfied by Cooperative requiring
that the MDC Farm be served exclusively by Energy generated by the Facility during all periods used by ERCOT to set Firm Load Shed obligations;
provided, however, unless GSEC and Cooperative are assured that one of the other options in Section IV(A)(5) can be satisfied, any failure
by Customer to meet the foregoing requirement shall reinstate the condition and Cooperative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement
without penalty or liability to any Party except as provided in Sections XX and XXX if the condition is not met. 

C. If
the Service Date has not occurred on or prior to the Conditions Satisfaction Date, Cooperative or Customer may terminate this Agreement
without penalty and without any Party incurring any liability under this Agreement whatsoever. Alternatively, in the event that the Service
Date has not occurred on or prior to the Conditions Satisfaction Date, the Parties may mutually agree to amend this Agreement. 

12 

V. TERMS
 OF SERVICE 

A. On
the Service Date, Customer forecasts that its peak load for the MDC Farm will initially be the lesser of approximately twenty-five (25)
MW or the peak demand approved by ERCOT. Customer thereafter shall provide Cooperative with at least thirty (30) days advance written
notice of any changed peak load forecast and the projected date for such increase. Customer shall update such notice as required. Customer s
Load shall not exceed loads studied and approved by ERCOT and Transmission Service Provider pursuant to FAC-001 and FAC-002 to the extent
such studies and approvals are required. Customer shall comply with any requirements imposed by ERCOT in connection with Cooperative
interconnecting or serving Customer s Load at the increased levels provided in Customer s notice, including without limitation
any load, reliability, or interconnection study imposed on either Party, or on Briscoe or GSEC, to comply with NERC Reliability Standards
FAC-001 and FAC-002, which shall be completed at Customer s expense. 

B. Cooperative
agrees to use reasonable diligence to provide Service to Customer at the Delivery Point, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and
any limitations on such Service set forth herein. 

C.
Commencing on the Service Date, Customer shall receive Service from Cooperative at the Delivery Point and shall pay for such Service
in accordance with this Agreement. Customer agrees to purchase all Net Energy delivered at the MDC Meter up to Customer s
Load. To the extent that the Net Energy delivered at the MDC Meter is insufficient to serve Customer s Load, Customer agrees
to purchase Import Energy to serve Customer s Load. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties understand that Import Energy will
not be purchased by Customer when the price of Import Energy exceeds the Market Price Cap. Service will be at a voltage of
approximately kV, three-phase, and 60 cycles per second. The Parties agree and acknowledge that the production of the Energy
from the Facility is intermittent, that Import Energy may be subject to interruption, and that neither GSEC nor Cooperative is
providing a warranty or guarantee of the quantity of Energy to be produced by the Facility for any hourly, daily, monthly, annual or
other period or that Import Energy will be free from interruption. For the avoidance of doubt, GSEC shall be permitted to reduce or
cease deliveries of Energy from the Facility during (i) any Force Majeure declared by Briscoe under the GSEC Briscoe
PPA, (ii) scheduled maintenance of the Facility, (iii) Forced Outages, (iv) periods when the MDC Farm is not accepting deliveries of
Energy from the Facility, (v) when Import Energy exceeds the Market Price Cap and Customer has not limited Customer s Load to
Energy served from the Facility and (vi) during any Suspension Period. 

D.
Customer shall be solely responsible for any forecasting and scheduling coordination with Briscoe required to determine when Import
Energy will be used to provide Service to Customer. Neither GSEC nor Cooperative shall be responsible for determining whether and
when Customer s Load will be served from the Facility or with Import Energy and whether Energy provided shall be Net
Energy or Net Energy. Customer shall be responsible for paying and satisfying when due any ERCOT costs or charges imposed in
connection with the sale, scheduling, and/or delivery of Energy to the Delivery Point, including without limitation any applicable
market charges, transmission costs, transmission line losses, registration charges, and any operation and maintenance costs and
charges, whether imposed on Customer or Cooperative. If any such charges or costs are imposed on Cooperative or incurred by
Cooperative, Customer will promptly pay such charges or costs, or reimburse Cooperative for such costs or charges if paid by
Cooperative, upon receipt of an invoice from Cooperative. Each Party also shall provide the other Party with all supporting data for
such cost or charge available to the Party. For sake of clarity, the Parties agree that any charges imposed under this Section V(D)
shall be net of all costs or charges incurred by GSEC to provide Service to Cooperative for resale to Customer, which Customer
agrees will be included in the monthly charge set forth in Section XI. 

13 

E. The
Parties agree that Briscoe and/or Customer, and not Cooperative, are responsible for meeting any registration and modeling requirements
imposed by ERCOT for Generation Resources, as defined in the ERCOT Protocols, or loads that are Net Metered with a Generation Resource
behind an ERCOT meter. All risks of non-compliance under Applicable Law of the interconnection and delivery of Energy from the Facility
or from the Delivery Point into the MDC Farm s private electric distribution system are assumed by Briscoe and Customer. The risk
of delivery or non-delivery of Energy from the Facility lies solely with Customer or Briscoe and not Cooperative or GSEC. For the avoidance
of doubt, the delivery of Energy from the EPS Meter to the Customer Facilities and any losses between the EPS Meter and the Customer
Facilities shall be the responsibility of Customer. Title to, liability for, and risk of loss of Energy delivered hereunder shall be
Customer s upon Cooperative s delivery to Customer at the Delivery Point. 

F. Neither
Cooperative nor GSEC shall be responsible for determining whether and when Customer s Load will be served from the Facility, whether
and when the Facility will export Energy to the ERCOT market or sell to GSEC for ultimate resale to Customer and whether Energy provided
shall be Net Energy or Net Energy. Customer further understands and agrees that, subject to the terms of this Agreement,
Import Energy shall be purchased when the Facility is not available to serve Customer s Load and that Customer shall be responsible
for such charges and associated fees as set forth herein. 

G. After
the Service Date, any test energy that is utilized pursuant to this Section V(G) shall be delivered and purchased by the Parties in accordance
with the GSEC Briscoe PPA and this Agreement. 

H. Any
amendment to the Interconnection Agreement affecting the Point of Delivery for or provision of Service shall be subject to approval by
Cooperative, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree that it shall be
unreasonable for Cooperative to withhold its consent to an amendment to the Interconnection Agreement if such amendment does not adversely
affect GSEC s rights or obligations under the GSEC Briscoe PPA or Cooperative s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 

14 

VI. CUSTOMER
 FACILITIES 

A. Except
for the MDC Meter, which shall be paid for by Customer but owned and operated by Cooperative, Customer shall provide and be responsible
for all electric distribution and other facilities necessary for Customer to receive Service from Cooperative under this Agreement downstream
of the EPS Meter (collectively all such facilities owned by Customer, the Customer Facilities ). 

B. If
Service provided to Customer causes voltage fluctuations, disturbances, interference, distorted wave forms or deterioration of service
to other electric customers served by Cooperative, or to telecommunication facilities services, which can be specifically identified
and verified by Cooperative, Cooperative shall have the right to require the installation by Customer of suitable apparatus to correct
or limit such fluctuation or disturbance at no cost to Cooperative. If such corrective action is not taken promptly upon request, Cooperative
shall have the right to cause reasonable corrective measures to be taken on Customer s behalf (provided Cooperative shall do so
only in accordance with all Applicable Laws), and Customer hereby agrees to pay all documented reasonable and actual costs incurred by
Cooperative in connection with such corrective action. 

C. Customer
shall install, own and maintain UFLS Equipment and Cooperative or Customer, as applicable, shall complete all necessary registrations
or other requirements with NERC and ERCOT to include the Customer Facilities in its compliance program for applicable UFLS Requirements.
Upon request, Cooperative shall provide registration documentation relating to the Customer Facilities to Customer prior to registering.
Customer shall be responsible for owning any UFLS Equipment and complying with all applicable UFLS Requirements. Customer shall test
and maintain UFLS Equipment as necessary to meet the UFLS Requirements, and shall provide Cooperative with documentation to demonstrate
compliance, including a copy of all testing records associated with UFLS Equipment promptly after the testing occurs. Cooperative shall
instruct Customer as to which relay Frequency Threshold (as defined in the ERCOT Nodal Operating Guide) setting Cooperative requires
and Customer shall set its relays to that Frequency Threshold setting. Prior to performing maintenance or testing, Customer shall provide
prior notice to Cooperative of such maintenance or testing. During maintenance and testing of the UFLS Equipment, Customer s loads
in excess of 100kw must be deenergized, until such time maintenance and testing is concluded and the UFLS Equipment is responding to
the required Frequency Threshold setting. In the event Customer repairs, replaces or modifies the UFLS Equipment, Customer shall retest
affected UFLS Equipment pursuant to the UFLS Requirements, and shall promptly provide Cooperative with a copy of those testing records.
Customer shall provide prior notice to Cooperative of any planned repairs, replacements or modifications of UFLS Equipment. In the event
a loss of load occurs due to an under- frequency event, Customer shall not restore load until approved by Cooperative. 

15 

D.
Customer shall be solely responsible for ensuring that the Customer Facilities and the MDC Farm are operated and maintained in
accordance with industry standards and Applicable Law. In addition, UFLS Equipment and any other Customer equipment or communication
that falls under Cooperative s or GSEC s NERC program shall comply with all NERC requirements, including without
limitation NERC Standard PRC-006-3 Automatic Underfrequency Load Shedding, NERC PRC-005-6 
 Protection System, Automatic Reclosing, and Sudden Pressure Relaying Maintenance, PRC-008 Implementation and
Documentation of Underfrequency Load Shedding Equipment Maintenance Program , any Protection System maintenance requirements
or other requirements imposed pursuant to NERC or ERCOT Nodal Operating Guides as those ERCOT requirements and the NERC Reliability
Standards may be succeeded and/or amended from time to time. Customer shall notify Cooperative without delay of any discovered
damage, destruction, or physical threats to the Customer Facilities and, within thirty (30) days, any potential Misoperation (as
defined by NERC) of the Customer s relays that fall under the Cooperative s NERC program. Additionally, Customer shall
comply with all reasonable requests made by the Cooperative to fulfill any NERC, ERCOT, or other reliability requirements. With
respect to any relay testing requirements, if Customer uses a third party to perform relay testing, Customer shall obtain
Cooperative s approval of the third party used, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or
conditioned. 

VII. RIGHT
 OF ACCESS 

Customer
shall provide Cooperative, and GSEC physical access to the MDC Meter, the DCB (as defined in Section IX(E)) and the Customer Facilities
for any purpose reasonably related to Cooperative s rights under this Agreement or compliance with its obligations to third parties,
including, without limitation, Governmental Authorities. Customer shall also provide Cooperative and GSEC information about the Delivery
Point, the MDC Meter, and the Customer Facilities upon request of Cooperative or GSEC for any purpose reasonably related to Cooperative s
rights under this Agreement or compliance with its obligations to third parties, including, without limitation, Governmental Authorities.
Customer shall make reasonable efforts to assist Cooperative and GSEC to access Cooperative s facilities on Customer s premises,
if any, including reasonable ingress and egress. Duly authorized representatives of Cooperative (including GSEC) shall be permitted to
enter Customer s premises at all reasonable times in order to carry out the provisions hereof; provided that Customer reserves
the right to exclude any such representative who fails to observe Applicable Laws, regulations, permits and the reasonable site control
policies established by Customer. Customer shall provide reasonable assistance to Cooperative, as needed. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, Customer hereby grants Cooperative and GSEC, and shall obtain from third parties as needed, any and all permissions
and authorizations necessary for Cooperative and GSEC to physically access the MDC Meter and associated breakers at any time to perform
any action that Cooperative or GSEC, in their sole discretion, deems appropriate to carry out the provisions of this Agreement. 

VIII. COMPLIANCE
 WITH APPLICABLE LAW 

A. Each
Party shall perform its obligations under or in connection with this Agreement in a manner consistent with all Applicable Laws. Customer
shall ensure its performance of its obligations under or in connection with this Agreement is consistent with all Applicable Laws with
respect to the operation of the MDC Farm from any Governmental Authority and shall obtain and maintain all permits necessary for such
performance. 

16 

B. Customer
shall reimburse Cooperative or GSEC for all costs assessed to Cooperative or GSEC, respectively, by a Governmental Authority relating
to provision of Service to the MDC Farm, including but not limited to actual, documented costs for consulting and legal fees. 

IX. METERING
 AND DISCONNECTING CIRCUIT BREAKER 

A. Customer
shall be responsible for the costs of any metering and telemetry equipment required by ERCOT, Cooperative, GSEC, or the Transmission
Service Provider, as applicable, to facilitate the transactions described in this Agreement. Prior to the Service Date, Customer shall,
or shall cause Briscoe to, seek approval from ERCOT and the Transmission Service Provider for any additional approvals needed to allow
Net Metering of the First Phase, and thereafter shall obtain such additional approvals as may be required in connection with the Service
after the First Phase. The Parties shall cooperate in good faith to obtain any necessary approvals of a new or modified EPS Metering
Design at the Delivery Point as necessary to facilitate such Net Metering. If such approval is not obtained prior to the Conditions Satisfaction
Date, this Agreement may be terminated by Customer or Cooperative as provided in Section IV. 

B.
Electric power delivered hereunder shall be measured by (i) the EPS Meter and (ii) a revenue quality meter MDC
Meter ). The MDC Meter and associated equipment, including current and potential transformers Associated
Equipment ), shall be located at the MDC Farm at the location shown on Exhibit A. The MDC Meter shall be owned, installed and
maintained by Cooperative at Customer s expense and shall meet specifications acceptable to Cooperative and GSEC. The
Associated Equipment shall be installed and maintained by Customer at Customer s expense and shall meet specifications
reasonably acceptable to Cooperative and GSEC. Both the MDC Meter and Associated Equipment shall be installed, operated and
maintained by or on behalf of Customer in accordance with Applicable Laws. The Parties acknowledge that the MDC Meter is located at
the MDC Farm and will generate readings of all Energy delivered to the MDC Farm. Customer shall grant access rights sufficient to
allow Cooperative and GSEC, as necessary, to access the MDC Meter and Associated Equipment for purposes of reading, testing,
maintaining, inspecting, repairing or replacing (if appliable) the same. Such access shall be pursuant to the terms of an access
easement in the form attached as Exhibit C and shall be executed concurrently with this Agreement. Cooperative, GSEC, or Customer
may request and witness a test of the MDC Meter and Associated Equipment during normal working hours at a time mutually acceptable
to Customer and Cooperative or GSEC, as applicable. 

C.
Cooperative and GSEC shall have remote access to retrieve data from the MDC Meter regarding (i) Energy metered on a real time basis,
and (ii) Settlement Interval load profile data remotely retrievable via MV-90 software and shall provide such data to Briscoe and to
GSEC as reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes of this Agreement and the GSEC Briscoe PPA. Meter data shall include delivered
and received Energy for real and reactive power. Customer also shall cause to be provided to Cooperative and GSEC primary and backup
remote access to retrieve data on Import Energy delivered from ERCOT at the Delivery Point and Export Energy as measured at the EPS
Meter operated by the Transmission Service Provider. Data from the EPS Meter shall include (a) Energy metered on a real time basis,
and (b) Settlement Interval load profile data remotely retrievable via MV-90 software. EPS Meter data shall include delivered and
received Energy for real and reactive power. 

17 

D. Customer
shall be responsible for the costs of any additional metering, communication and telemetry equipment required by ERCOT, Cooperative,
GSEC, or the Transmission Service Provider, as applicable, to facilitate the telemetry and settlements described in this Agreement and
the GSEC Briscoe PPA. Customer shall provide a B2B virtual private network tunnel using a protocol determined by GSEC for communications
that meets GSEC s security requirements and that will permit GSEC to automate real time telemetry and daily readings of interval
data. 

E.
Customer also shall install, operate and maintain, or cause to be installed, operated and maintained, a Disconnecting Circuit
Breaker DCB between the Briscoe Interconnection Facilities and the MDC Farm that is capable of disconnecting all
Service to the MDC Farm (including delivery of both Net Energy and Import Energy). The DCB shall be installed and owned by Customer
and shall be reasonably acceptable to Cooperative, GSEC and Briscoe. The DCB shall be installed, operated and maintained by Customer
in accordance with Applicable Law, prudent industry practices and manufacturer requirements. The DCB shall be programmed to
automatically disconnect the MDC Farm when the SPP for Import Energy meets or exceeds the Market Price Cap and the Customer s
Load exceeds the Net Energy produced by the Facility. Customer shall be responsible for monitoring and operating the DCB so that
such disconnect is achieved. Customer, at its sole cost, also shall provide Cooperative, GSEC and Briscoe with a secondary control
scheme to disconnect the MDC Farm from the Facility if the foregoing DCB fails to timely disconnect the MDC Farm from the Facility
as provided herein. Customer shall provide, or cause to be provided, Cooperative, GSEC with access to the DCB with lockout
provisions that can be physically accessed by Cooperative and GSEC at all times and that will permit Cooperative or GSEC to
disconnect the Delivery Point from the MDC Farm any time that Import Energy meets or exceeds the Market Price Cap and the
Customer s Load exceeds the Net Energy produced by the Facility, or as provided in the Performance Security Agreement, and to
continue disconnection for the entirety of such period of time. Customer shall provide, or cause to be provided, Briscoe with access
to the DCB with lockout provisions that can be physically and remotely accessed by Briscoe at all times and that will permit Briscoe
to disconnect the Delivery Point from the MDC Farm as provided in the Performance Security Agreement, and to continue disconnection
for the entirety of such period of time. Soluna shall not close the DCB until the circumstances giving rise to the right of
Cooperative, GSEC or Briscoe, as applicable, to suspend Service or disconnect the Delivery Point from the MDC Farm have been cured.
The Parties agree that Cooperative, GSEC or Briscoe shall be permitted to disconnect the MDC Farm under the circumstances set forth
herein and that such a disconnect initiated by Cooperative, GSEC or Briscoe, or the failure of Cooperative, GSEC or Briscoe to
initiate such a disconnection, shall not impose on Cooperative, GSEC or Briscoe, or any member of the Cooperative Group or GSEC
Group any liabilities, obligations or responsibilities, or reduce Customer s liabilities or responsibilities, under this
Agreement. Customer shall be responsible to provide any back up power needed to maintain the MDC Farm facilities during such a
period of disconnection. CUSTOMER SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD COOPERATIVE GROUP AND GSEC GROUP HARMLESS FOR ANY AND ALL COSTS,
PENALTIES, CHARGES OR OTHER CLAIMS OF ANY KIND INCURRED DUE TO A FAILURE OF THE DCB TO DISCONNECT SERVICE AS PROVIDED HEREIN OR FOR
ANY OTHER FAILURE OF THE DCB. Customer shall grant access rights sufficient to allow Cooperative, GSEC and Briscoe, as
necessary, to access the DCB for purposes of testing, inspecting and, as necessary, operating the DCB. Access by Cooperative and
GSEC shall be pursuant to the terms of an Access Easement in the form attached as Exhibit C, which shall be executed concurrently
with this Agreement. Access by Briscoe shall be pursuant to the terms of an Access Easement, which shall be executed concurrently
with this Agreement. Cooperative or GSEC shall be permitted to test local control of the DCB when installed and thereafter upon a
reasonable request. Tests shall be conducted during normal working hours at a time mutually acceptable to Customer and Cooperative
or GSEC, as applicable. At Customer s expense, Customer agrees to hire a third party DCB Consultant to
program, test and monitor the DCB and to monitor Import Energy prices, with notification to Cooperative and GSEC if the Import
Energy price will exceed the Market Price Cap. Cooperative and GSEC shall be express, intended third party beneficiaries of the
agreement with the DCB Consultant DCB Consultant Agreement ), the terms of which, and any amendment thereto or
assignment thereof, shall be subject to the approval of Cooperative and GSEC, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned, or delayed. Customer shall pay all fees due under the DCB Consultant Agreement. Cooperative and GSEC shall be permitted
to test operation of monitoring and notification under the DCB Consulting Agreement when initiated and thereafter upon a reasonable
request. 

18 

F. If
any Meter fails to register or is found upon testing to be outside the accuracy standards set forth in the ERCOT Settlement Metering
Operating Guide, adjustments shall be made to prior meter readings within the past twelve (12) months from the time the error is discovered
or a shorter period corresponding to the time period during which the meter readings were inaccurate if it can be determined when the
inaccuracy first occurred, in each case unless Applicable Law or ERCOT Protocols require a different timeframe, and Cooperative shall
credit or charge Customer for amounts previously over or under billed after giving effect to such adjustments in the next monthly billing
period. 

G. Cooperative,
Customer, GSEC and Briscoe shall develop mutually agreeable written operating procedures in accordance with this Section IX.G. Operating
Procedures ). The Operating Procedures shall not modify the terms or conditions of this Agreement or the GSEC Briscoe PPA. The
Operating Procedures may include methods of day-to-day communications; metering, programing of devices including programing and operation
of the DCB hereunder, telecommunications, and data acquisition procedures; key personnel list for applicable Cooperative, Customer, GSEC
and Briscoe personnel; operations and maintenance scheduling and reporting; unit operations log; issues concerning variations in Service
frequency fluctuation; and any such other matters as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. 

X. PERFORMANCE
 SECURITY 

Performance
security shall be provided by Customer pursuant to a separate agreement among the Parties, Briscoe, and GSEC Performance
Security Agreement ). The requirements of the Performance Security Agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, are
incorporated herein by reference and shall be deemed to be part of this Agreement as if set forth herein. 

19 

XI. MONTHLY
 AND WEEKLY CHARGES 

A. For
each monthly, weekly or bi-weekly billing period during the Term, Customer shall promptly make payment to Cooperative the sum of the
following for all Service consumed by Customer for the applicable billing period. 

B. The
Parties agree that appropriate logic will be applied with respect to the meter readings recorded by the EPS Meter and the meter
readings recorded by the MDC Meter. The logic will allow Parties, Briscoe, and GSEC to accurately determine the quantities of Aux
Energy supplied to the Facility, Net Energy, Net Energy and Import Energy supplied to the MDC Farm. An illustration of
the logic is set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto. 

C. The
Parties agree that Briscoe shall determine the quantity of Net Energy in any billing month and which quantities of Net Energy are Net
Energy and Net Energy during the billing month in accordance with Section 7.1 of the GSEC Briscoe PPA and shall invoice GSEC for
Net Energy in accordance with Section 7.2 of the GSEC Briscoe PPA. Subject to the adjustment procedure set forth below and Customer s
rights in Sections XII(B) and XII(C), Customer agrees that the quantities of Net Energy and Net Energy during the billing
month set forth in the Briscoe invoice to GSEC are a correct basis for Cooperative s development of the monthly charge under this
Agreement. If Briscoe fails to designate Net Energy and Net Energy to facilitate timely billing under the terms of this Agreement,
Cooperative shall bill Customer based on the assumption that all Net Energy is Net Energy and shall provide a true-up to Customer
within one month of receiving an accurate accounting of the Net Energy from Briscoe. Cooperative shall also have the right to send subsequent
invoices for prior billing periods based upon corrections or other similar adjustments to GSEC s wholesale power costs for Import
Energy (including Import Energy Charges) or Net Energy under the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

D. Customer
shall be invoiced on a weekly or bi-weekly basis for Import Energy as provided in Section 2.2(B) of the Performance Security Agreement. 

E. Customer s monthly bill shall be the sum of the following: 

i. Net
 Energy, as billed to GSEC by Briscoe (comprised of Net Energy for the billing month
 times the Net Energy Price and Net Energy for the billing month times the Net Energy
 Price); 
 
 ii. the
 Net Energy Fee, which shall be applied to all Net Energy; 
 
 iii. Any
 true up required for Import Energy for the billing month times the Import Energy Price and
 the Import Energy Fee; and 
 
 iv. Any
 true up required for Import Energy Charges for all intervals during the billing month. 

20 

F. Upon
the agreement of all Parties to this Agreement and the parties to the GSEC Briscoe PPA, payments due under this Agreement, the Performance
Security Agreement and the GSEC Briscoe PPA may be netted. 

G. During
the months of June, July, August and September, Customer s monthly bill shall also include a Transmission Use Charge 
equal to times the current year s ERCOT monthly wholesale Transmission Cost of Service charge plus , times Customer s
Import Energy demand during the ERCOT 4CP interval for the applicable billing month, as defined in 16 Texas Administrative Code 
25.192. Each year following the first calendar year after the Service Date, Customer shall calculate a Transmission Use Charge true-up
by no later than June 

 1.
The Transmission Use Charge true-up shall reconcile Customer Transmission Use Charges for the prior year to the actual charges incurred
for that year based on the MDC Farm s actual demand during the ERCOT 4CP intervals. The reconciliation amount shall be credited
or charged to Customer invoices in equal installments during June, July, August and September. 

XII. INVOICES
 AND PAYMENT 

A.
Invoices for sums due hereunder shall be rendered to Customer via email on a monthly, weekly or bi-weekly basis, as provided in
Section XI, and promptly after Cooperative s receipt of an invoice from GSEC for the Service provided hereunder. Invoices
shall be rendered within fifteen (15) calendar days of Cooperative s receipt of its informational copy of Briscoe s
invoice to GSEC for Net Energy for the billing month. All payments drawn from the Import Energy Account (as defined in the
Performance Security Agreement) shall offset Import Energy charges from GSEC to Cooperative and from Cooperative to Customer.
Invoices may be paid (i) by United States Postal Service priority mail, with delivery confirmation, or by reputable express courier
service (e.g, FedEx or UPS) with delivery confirmation in accordance with Section XXV, (ii) in person at the office of the
Cooperative, (iii) by electronic funds transfer in accordance with instructions provided and to the account designated by
Cooperative or (iv) by another method approved by Cooperative in writing. All invoices rendered hereunder are due when rendered and
payable within ten (10) Business Days after the date of issuance as shown on the invoice, and Cooperative must receive such invoice
within such period. Customer shall provide GSEC and Briscoe with notice of the date of payment upon payment of each invoice. Any
amount that is not paid when due shall bear interest from (and including) the due date to the date of payment (but excluding the
date of payment) at a rate equal to two percent (2 over the per annum rate of interest published in The Wall Street Journal under
 Money Rates as the prime lending rate; provided, however, that in no event shall the applicable interest rate exceed
the maximum lawful rate permitted by Applicable Laws (the applicable rate, the Interest Rate ). If Customer fails to
pay the full amount of Cooperative s invoice for Net Energy within ten (10) Business Days after the date on which Cooperative
issued such invoice as shown on the invoice, Cooperative shall draw funds from the Net Energy Security to apply as payment for Net
Energy on the next Business Day. Upon failure of Customer to cure the default described in Section XIX(G), Cooperative may
discontinue or suspend Service to Customer as further set forth in the Performance Security Agreement or in Section XIX(G).
Discontinuance or suspension of Service shall not relieve Customer of any of its obligations under this Agreement. The failure of
Customer to pay any remaining amount of Cooperative s invoice before such payment is past due shall, if not remedied,
constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement, subject to the terms of Section XIX herein, and Cooperative shall provide
written notice to Customer of Cooperative s intention to discontinue Service. For avoidance of doubt, to the extent that
Briscoe has suspended service to GSEC under the GSEC Briscoe PPA due to Customer s failure to provide Net Energy Security,
Cooperative shall be entitled to suspend Service to Customer under this Agreement. 

21 

B. Any
Party may, in good faith, dispute the correctness of any invoice rendered under this Agreement. In the event an invoice or portion thereof,
or any other claim or adjustment arising hereunder, is disputed, written notice of the objection must be given to the delivering Party
stating the basis for the dispute (including all supporting calculations). The Parties will treat such matter as a dispute in accordance
with Section XXII. If Customer disputes an invoiced amount, Customer shall nevertheless pay such disputed amount on or before the due
date. Upon resolution of the dispute under this Agreement or a dispute under the GSEC Briscoe PPA, any payment required to be refunded
to a Party under this Agreement shall be made within thirty (30) days after such resolution. In the event that the Party making the refund
is shown to have acted in bad faith with respect to the invoice under dispute, such payment shall be made with interest at the Interest
Rate from (and including) the date on which such payment was made up to (but excluding) the date such payment is refunded. 

C.
If any Party discovers an error in billings or payments under this Agreement due to metering, billing or other errors, or a prior
invoice was prepared on an estimated basis, each Party shall be entitled to an adjustment of the amount payable hereunder to reflect
such revised price, error discovery, or the availability of actual (as opposed to estimated) invoicing information. If an invoice
has been prepared on an estimated basis and the information necessary to prepare such invoice based on an actual basis becomes
available or the Parties have agreed to a revised estimate, or an adjustment is required due to a revision, adjustment or
re-settlement by ERCOT, the invoicing Party shall make such adjustments and provide a revised invoice with a calculation of the
payment necessary to correct the prior invoice and such invoice shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof. A
Party that otherwise seeks an adjustment to an invoice as described in this Section XII(C), must provide the other Party with
written notice and a description of the desired adjustment. Such notice shall include a calculation of the payment necessary to
correct the prior invoice. Such invoice adjustment shall be made in the same manner as provided for other invoice adjustments
herein, unless disputed as provided herein. Any invoice that has not been challenged pursuant to this Agreement within thirty-six
(36) months of the date it was received by the receiving Party shall be deemed final and not subject to adjustment under this
Section XII(C); provided that the Parties shall abide by the deadlines established in the ERCOT Protocols for requesting adjustments
to ERCOT invoices. No adjustment shall be made to Net Energy and Net Energy charges based on information provided by
Briscoe unless a corresponding change is made in Briscoe s invoice for such Energy to GSEC under the GSEC Briscoe
PPA. 

22 

D.
Each Party shall have the right during normal business hours to examine the relevant books, records and charts of the other Party to
the extent reasonably necessary to verify the accuracy of any statement, payment, calculation or determination made pursuant to the
provisions of any section hereof. If any such examination shall reveal, or if either Party shall otherwise discover, any error in
its own or the other Party s statements, payment, calculation or determinations, then proper adjustment and correction thereof
shall be made as promptly as practicable thereafter and in no event more than thirty-six (36) months after an invoice was first
delivered to a Party. Invoices and payments will be subject to collection as may be appropriate as the result of reviews or audits
made for the purpose of verification, as provided for in Cooperative s tariff. 

E. Upon
the written agreement of the Parties, GSEC, and Briscoe, payments due under this Agreement, the Performance Security Agreement and the
GSEC Briscoe PPA may be netted. The terms of such netting if agreed by all such Parties may be governed by a netting agreement among
the respective parties Netting Agreement ). 

XIII. TAXES 

Customer
shall be responsible for all existing and any new Taxes imposed or levied by any Governmental Authority on the Energy sold and delivered
hereunder before, upon and after delivery to the Delivery Point, regardless of whether they are imposed on Customer or Cooperative. For
sake of clarity, the Taxes subject to this Section XIII do not include Taxes imposed on net income (e.g., federal income tax) or on margins
(e.g., Texas franchise tax), which shall be the responsibility of the Party earning such income. 

XIV. RESALE 

Customer
understands and agrees that the electric Service provided under this Agreement shall only be used to serve the Customer s Load
and not be resold by Customer at retail to any third parties. Customer may use power and Energy purchased under this Agreement only to
serve the Customer s Load on Customer s side of the Delivery Point. 

XV. FORCE
 MAJEURE 

If
either Party is rendered unable by Force Majeure to carry out, in whole or in part, its obligations under this Agreement, and if such
Party gives notice and reasonable description of the event of Force Majeure to the other Party as soon as reasonably practicable after
the occurrence of such event, then during the pendency of such event of Force Majeure, but for no longer period, the obligations of the
affected Party (other than the obligation to make payments hereunder when due) shall be suspended to the extent performance is prevented.
The affected Party shall take all reasonable steps to remedy the cause of the Force Majeure with all reasonable dispatch. In no event
will any Force Majeure event extend this Agreement beyond the Term. If an event of Force Majeure continues for more than three hundred
and sixty-five (365) consecutive days, then the Party not declaring Force Majeure may terminate this Agreement by notice to the other
Party setting out the termination date, provided that the Force Majeure event is continuing at the time such notice is received. Upon
such termination, neither Party shall have any further obligation nor liability to the other Party except as provided in Section XXX
hereof. 

23 

XVI. INDEMNIFICATION,
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 

A. INDEMNIFICATION . 

i. CUSTOMER
 INDEMNITOR SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD HARMLESS COOPERATIVE AND GSEC
 AND ANY MEMBER OF ITS RESPECTIVE GROUP (EACH, AN INDEMNITEE FROM AND AGAINST
 ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND INDEMNIFIED LOSSES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THOSE BASED
 ON NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE, WHETHER GROUNDLESS, FALSE, FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER
 SUCH CLAIMS OR ACTIONS ARE FILED PRIOR TO OR AFTER THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, FOR
 INJURIES TO ONE OR MORE PERSONS INCLUDING DEATH RESULTING THEREFROM, AND DAMAGE TO PROPERTY
 IN ANY MANNER, ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM ELECTRICITY OR ELECTRIC FACILITIES, OCCURRING
 ON INDEMNITOR S SIDE OF THE DELIVERY POINT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH INJ URIES
 OR DAMAGES HAVE BEEN CAUSED BY GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF AN INDEMNITEE. 

ii. CUSTOMER
 SHALL ALSO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS COOPERATIVE AND GSEC AND THEIR RESPECTIVE GROUPS FROM
 AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL THIRD PARTY CLAIMS AND THIRD PARTY INDEMNIFIED LOSSES OF ANY NATURE
 WHATSOEVER, WHETHER GROUNDLESS, FALSE, FRAUDULENT OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER SUCH CLAIMS OR
 ACTIONS ARE FILED PRIOR TO OR AFTER THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CLAIMS BASED
 ON THE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNIFIED PARTY, ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH: (I) COOPERATIVE S
 DELIVERY AND SALE OF ENERGY TO CUSTOMER, (II) CUSTOMER S RECEIPT OR PURCHASE OF ENERGY
 FROM COOPERATIVE, (III) CUSTOMER S OR ITS AFFILIATES OPERATIONS ON ITS SIDE
 OF THE DELIVERY POINT (IV)
COOPERATIVE S OR GSEC S OR GSEC S DESIGNEE S DISCONNECT OF THE MDC FARM; AND/OR (V) ANY CO- OWNERSHIP OF THE
MDC FARM OR THE FACILITY OR FINANCING RELATED TO THE MDC FARM OR THE FACILITY INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY AN OWNER OF THE MDC FARM
OR THE FACILITY (OTHER THAN CUSTOMER OR BRISCOE) OR A FINANCE ENTITY OF CUSTOMER OR BRISCOE OR ANY SUCH OTHER OWNER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE
AFFILIATES (ALL SUCH ENTITIES ARE THIRD PARTIES FOR PURPOSES OF THIS INDEMNIFICATION).
FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, A GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY IS A THIRD PARTY. 

24 

iii. THE
 INDEMNITOR SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS EACH INDEMNITEE FROM THE INDEMNITOR S
 FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY APPLICABLE LAWS. 

B. LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE GROUP HERETO BE LIABLE
TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE GROUP FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND BASED ON WHATEVER THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER TORT, CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT (I) TO THE EXTENT COVERED BY AN INDEMNITY
HEREUNDER WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES FOR WHICH IT IS REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY AND ITS RESPECTIVE GROUP,
WHICH THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS MAY INCLUDE CLAIMS FOR SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (OTHER THAN
CLAIMS BETWEEN OR AMONG COOPERATIVE, GSEC OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR FINANCE ENTITIES) OR (II) FOR PENALTIES FOR WHICH IT IS REQUIRED
TO INDEMNIFY THE OTHER PARTY AND ITS RESPECTIVE GROUP OR FINES IMPOSED BY A GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY, EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES CLAIMED, PENALTIES
OR FINES ARE SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES. 

C. LIMITATION
ON COOPERATIVE AND GSEC LIABILITY . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, COOPERATIVE AND GSEC SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY,
INCLUDING FOR THEIR NEGLIGENCE, RELATED TO (I) THE OPERATION OF OR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS, REGULATIONS, AUTHORIZATIONS OR PERMITS
OF THE MDC FARM, BRISCOE FACILITY OR THE CUSTOMER FACILITIES; (II) THE DELIVERY POINT S OR MDC FARM S INABILITY TO ACCEPT
ENERGY; (III) THE DETERMINATION OF WHETHER AND WHEN CUSTOMER S LOAD WILL BE SERVED FROM THE FACILITY OR WITH IMPORT ENERGY, WHETHER
ENERGY PROVIDED SHALL BE NET ENERGY OR NET ENERGY; (IV) THE ACTIVATION OR FAILURE TO ACTIVATE THE DCB OR 

 (V)
CLAIMS BROUGHT BY ANY OWNER OF THE MDC FARM OR FACILITY OTHER THAN CUSTOMER OR BRISCOE, CLAIMS BROUGHT BY CUSTOMER S OR BRISCOE S
FINANCE ENTITIES, AND CLAIMS BROUGHT BY ANY FINANCE ENTITIES OF OTHER OWNERS OF THE MDC FARM OR FACILITY, AND IN EACH CASE THEIR RESPECTIVE
AFFILIATES. 

25 

D. DISCLAIMER
OF WARRANTIES . COOPERATIVE AND GSEC MAKE NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER WITH REGARD TO THE PROVISION OF ELECTRIC SERVICE AND DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OR TRADE, OR LACK THEREOF, THAT MAY BE INCONSISTENT WITH THIS DISCLAIMER. 

E. Indemnity
Procedure . The Indemnitee (including GSEC and the GSEC Group, as applicable) shall reasonably promptly after the receipt of notice
of any Claims against such Indemnitee with respect to which indemnification may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, notify the Indemnitor
in writing thereof; provided that the failure of the Indemnitee reasonably promptly to provide any such notice shall only reduce the
liability of the Indemnitor by the amount of any damages attributable to the failure of the Indemnitee to give such notice in such manner.
The Indemnitor shall control the settlement of all Claims over which it has assumed the defense; provided, however, that Indemnitor shall
not conclude any settlement which requires any action or forbearance from action by, concedes any liability by, or compromises future
claims of the Indemnitee or any of its Affiliates without the prior approval of the Indemnitee (which shall not be unreasonably withheld).
The Indemnitee shall provide reasonable assistance to the Indemnitor when the Indemnitor so requests, at the Indemnitor s expense,
in connection with such Claim. In all cases, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in and be represented by counsel of its
own choice and at its own expense in any such Claim or with respect to any Claim. 

F. Indemnity
Payment . In the event that either Party is required to be indemnified by the Indemnitor, the Indemnitor shall promptly pay the
Indemnitee any amounts due and owing by Indemnitor. The amount owing to the Indemnitee shall be the amount of such Indemnitee s
actual loss or expense net of any insurance proceeds. If there should be a dispute between Indemnitee and Indemnitor as to the amount
or manner of determination of any indemnity obligation, the Indemnitor shall nevertheless pay when due such portion, if any, of the obligation
that is not subject to dispute. Upon resolution of the dispute, if additional payment is due, it shall be paid with interest at the Interest
Rate, which shall be applied to the unpaid amount for the period following (and including) the original due date to (but excluding) the
date such amount is paid. In the event that Indemnitee recovers from a third party all or any portion of an amount of its loss or expense
that was paid by the Indemnitor, the Indemnitee shall refund Indemnitor the recovered amount, including any recovered interest. 

26 

XVII. FINES
 AND PENALTIES 

IF
FINES, ASSESSMENTS, PENALTIES, CHARGES, LEGAL COSTS AND/OR ATTORNEY S FEES ARE ASSESSED AGAINST COOPERATIVE OR GSEC BY ANY
ENTITY DUE TO NONCOMPLIANCE BY CUSTOMER, CUSTOMER S AFFILIATES, THE CUSTOMER S FACILITIES, OR OTHERWISE DUE TO THE
ARRANGEMENTS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN, WITH ANY LEGAL, REGULATORY, OR TARIFF REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO CUSTOMER, CUSTOMER S
AFFILIATES, THE CUSTOMER S FACILITIES, OR THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CONTRACT TO WHICH CUSTOMER IS A PARTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY TRANSMISSION CHARGES, FINES OR PENALTIES IMPOSED BY NERC, ERCOT OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY, AND TO THE
EXTENT EACH OF THE FOREGOING IS NOT THE FAULT OF COOPERATIVE OR GSEC, CUSTOMER SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS COOPERATIVE AND
GSEC AGAINST ANY AND ALL COSTS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES AND CLAIMS SUFFERED OR INCURRED BY COOPERATIVE OR GSEC AS A RESULT,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, COOPERATIVE S AND GSEC S REASONABLE AND DOCUMENTED ATTORNEY S FEES. 

XVIII. REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES 

A. Cooperative
 hereby represents and warrants to Customer as follows: 

(1) Cooperative
is a cooperative corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Texas and has all requisite
power and authority to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. 

(2) Cooperative
has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate
the transaction as contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery by Cooperative of this Agreement, and the performance by Cooperative
of its obligations hereunder, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Cooperative, no
other corporate action on the part of Cooperative or its board of directors or members being necessary. 

(3) This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Cooperative and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of
Cooperative enforceable against Cooperative in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other applicable laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, or by general
equitable principles. 

(4) There
is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it any legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect its ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(5) No
Event of Default with respect to it has occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur as a result of its entering
into or performing its obligations under this Agreement. 

(6) As
of the Effective Date, Cooperative does not reasonably expect that its provision of Service to Customer hereunder would require Cooperative
to change its current registration in any way which would result in a Material Adverse Effect on Cooperative, including, but not limited
to, Cooperative s current ERCOT registration as an LSE or other registration. 

27 

(7) As
of the Effective Date, Cooperative does not reasonably expect that this Agreement or Cooperative s Service provided hereunder would
cause it to lose its tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(12) of the United States Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. 501. 

B. Customer
 hereby represents and warrants to Cooperative as follows: 

(1) Customer
is a limited liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and has all requisite
company power and authority to conduct its business as it is now being conducted. 

(2) Customer
has all requisite company power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery by Customer of this Agreement, and the performance by Customer of its
obligations hereunder, have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary company action on the part of Customer, no other action
on the part of Customer or its members being necessary. Customer specifically warrants that it or its Affiliate(s) control the MDC Farm
and it has the authority to cause such Affiliate(s) to abide by the terms of this Agreement. 

(3) This
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Customer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Customer
enforceable against Customer in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
arrangement, moratorium or other applicable laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, or by general equitable
principles. 

(4) There
is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it or any of its Affiliates any legal proceedings that could materially adversely
affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

(5) No
Event of Default with respect to it has occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur as a result of its entering
into or performing its obligations under this Agreement. 

(6) For
the duration of the Term, Customer shall ensure that the MDC Farm complies with all applicable ERCOT Protocols (including Protocol 10.3.2.3
as amended by Nodal Protocol Revision Request 945) related to the permissible netting of generation and load at ERCOT meters. 

(7)
For the duration of the Term, Customer, and any entity holding or that will hold an interconnection agreement or land lease in
connection with the MDC Farm, are not companies (as defined below): (i) owned by, or where the majority of stock or other ownership
interest of the company is held or controlled by: (a) individuals who are citizens of China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, or a
designated country; or (b) a company or other entity, including a governmental entity, that is owned or controlled by citizens of or
is directly controlled by the government of China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, or a designated country; or (iii) headquartered in
China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, or a designated country under the Lone Star Infrastructure Protection Act, TEX. BUS. COM.
CODE 113.003. For purposes of this representation and warranty,
 companies means a sole proprietorship, organization, association, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited
partnership, limited liability partnership, or limited liability company, including a wholly owned subsidiary, majority-owned
subsidiary, parent company, or Affiliate of those entities or business associations, that exists to make a profit. 

28 

(8) Customer
acknowledges that for the duration of the Term Customer is and shall be a retail customer of Cooperative as defined by TEX. UTIL. CODE
 31.002(16) and 16 Texas Administrative Code 25.5 (113). For the duration of the Term, Customer represents and warrants
that (i) it will not provide or receive compensation from Briscoe to produce, generate, transmit, distribute, sell, or furnish electricity
from the Facility to any retail customer within the service territory of an electric cooperative that is a member of GSEC and that has
not opted-in to retail competition pursuant to Chapter 41 of the Texas Utilities Code and (ii) it shall not be an electric utility as
defined by TEX. UTIL. CODE 31.002(6) as a result of any transaction identified in this Agreement. Nothing in this Section XVIII(B)(8)
is intended to preclude Briscoe from providing or receiving compensation from Customer for services other than producing, generating,
transmitting, distributing, selling, or furnishing electricity from the Facility to Customer in a manner that would violate Applicable
Law or from engaging in sales as a Power Generation Company including sales to GSEC for resale to Cooperative for service to Customer.
Without limiting the foregoing, Cooperative acknowledges and agrees that, to the extent permissible by law, Briscoe may receive compensation
from Customer for or in connection with any work which may be performed by Briscoe or its personnel at the Facility s substation
related to the construction, maintenance and decommissioning of the MDC Interconnection Facilities and MDC Farm for Customer s
self-use. 

XIX. BREACH/DISCONTINUANCE
 OF SERVICE 

Upon
the occurrence of, and during the continuation of, an Event of Default, the non- defaulting Party shall have the right, in its sole discretion,
to terminate this Agreement by notice to the other Party designating the date of termination in accordance with the provisions of this
Section XIX below; provided that, any delay in providing such written notice shall not waive any Event of Default or any right or remedy
provided by Applicable Law. In addition to the right of termination and without regard to whether the non-defaulting Party elects to
terminate the Agreement, all remedies at law and in equity shall be available to the non-defaulting Party, subject to the limitations
on liability set forth in this Agreement. 

Each
of the following occurrences shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder: 

A. Failure
by a Party to make any payment required hereunder when due if, after notice from the other Party, such failure is not remedied within
ten (10) days after receipt of such notice from the other Party; 

B. Failure
by a Party to perform any other material obligation hereunder if, after notice from the other Party, such failure is not remedied within
thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice from the other Party; 

C. A
 Party is Bankrupt; 

29 

D. Reserved. 

E. A
Party s material and uncured breach of one of its representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, except those in Sections
XVIII(B)(7) or (8), which are specifically addressed in Section XIX(F); 

F. Customer s
representation and warranties contained in Sections XVIII(B)(7) or (8) prove to no longer be correct during the Term with respect to
Customer or Customer s assignee as permitted by this Agreement; 

G. Customer s
failure to provide a cash deposit or letter of credit required to be provided by Customer pursuant to the Performance Security Agreement
or other breach of the Performance Security Agreement referenced in Section X if, after notice from Cooperative or GSEC, such failure
is not remedied within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the other Party, provided that upon the occurrence of,
and during the continuation of such failure Cooperative shall have the right in its sole discretion to interrupt and/or suspend Service,
including by activation of the DCB; or 

H. Termination
 of the Performance Security Agreement. 

XX. TERMINATION 

This
Agreement may be terminated in the sole discretion of the non-defaulting Party as follows: 

A. Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default or otherwise consistent with the provisions in Sections XX or XIX of this Agreement. 

B.
If, after the Service Date, (i) GSEC s continued receipt of service from Briscoe, GSEC s continued sale to Cooperative
for resale to Customer, or Cooperative s continued service to Customer would have a Material Adverse Effect on Cooperative,
(ii) a Change in Law occurs that renders administration of or performance by a Party, Briscoe, or GSEC under this Agreement or the
GSEC Briscoe PPA illegal or impossible, (iii) a Change in Law occurs that materially increases Cooperative s, GSEC s,
Customer s or Briscoe s costs to perform under this Agreement or the GSEC Briscoe PPA, (iv) a Change in Law occurs that
would cause Briscoe, if it continued to perform under the GSEC Briscoe PPA, to be subject to regulation as a public
utility , as such term is defined in the Public Utility Regulatory Act, or to lose its status as an exempt wholesale
generator, as such term is defined in section 1262(6) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 2005, and the regulations
of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission thereunder, or (v) a Change in Law occurs that reduces the quantity of RECs associated
with Net Energy consumed by the MDC Farm or otherwise adversely affects Briscoe s ability to qualify for RECs associated with
any portion of the Net Energy consumed by the MDC Farm, the Parties shall work in good faith for a sixty (60) day period following
receipt of notice of such circumstances from the affected Person(s) to resolve the factors that caused such circumstances. If such
circumstances may be overcome by reconfiguring or otherwise changing any characteristics of the Facility, the MDC Farm, the EPS
Meter, the Briscoe Interconnection Facilities, the MDC Interconnection Facilities, the Delivery Point, and/or the MDC Meter, or by
amending this Agreement, the Performance Security Agreement, any Netting Agreement, or the GSEC Briscoe PPA in a manner acceptable
to each of GSEC, Briscoe, Customer, and Cooperative, the Parties shall work together in good faith to determine whether it is
commercially reasonable to make such changes, and if so, to effect such changes. If, upon the conclusion of such sixty (60) day
period, the Parties, GSEC, and Briscoe have been unable to reach a mutually acceptable agreement to address such circumstances,
either Party may terminate this Agreement without liability to either Party, except those liabilities that arose prior to
termination. During such sixty (60) day period, Cooperative shall not be required to continue performance under this Agreement if
(a) performance has been suspended under the GSEC Briscoe PPA, or (b) such performance results in increased liability or unrecovered
cost or noncompliance with Applicable Laws. Such suspension may be accomplished by activation of the DCB and shall be a Suspension
Period. 

30 

C. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if, notwithstanding such suspension of performance under this Agreement, Cooperative will experience increased liability
or unrecovered costs or noncompliance with Applicable Laws, Cooperative may terminate this Agreement without liability upon thirty (30)
days notice to Customer if such increased liability or unrecovered costs or noncompliance with Applicable Laws cannot be overcome
within such thirty (30) day period by the measures set forth in clause (B) above. Cooperative shall notify Customer at the address provided
in Section XXV or otherwise specified in accordance with Section XXV if GSEC or Cooperative intends to suspend performance pursuant to
this Section XX(C) or the corresponding provision in the GSEC Briscoe PPA. 

D. By
Cooperative immediately with written notice to Customer if: (i) ERCOT, the PUCT or another RTO requests or requires Cooperative to change
its current registration which results in a Material Adverse Effect on Cooperative, including but not limited to a change in Cooperative s
current ERCOT registration as an LSE or other registration, in order to provide Service hereunder, whether through an interpretation
of existing Applicable Law or Change in Law; or (ii) a change in this Agreement or a change to Cooperative s Service provided hereunder
would cause it to lose its tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(12) of the United States Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. 501. 

E. Reserved. 

F. By
either Party with written notice to the other Party, if the Service Date has not commenced on or prior to the Conditions Satisfaction
Date; 

G. By
either Party with written notice to the other Party, if the conditions precedent set forth in Sections IV or IX(A) have not been met
as provided therein on or prior to the Conditions Satisfaction Date; and 

H. This
Agreement may be terminated in the sole and absolute discretion of Cooperative upon written notice to Customer upon termination of the
GSEC Briscoe PPA or the Performance Security Agreement. 

31 

I. This
Agreement shall terminate following written notice to Cooperative upon termination of the Customer Ground Lease. Customer shall provide
Cooperative with prompt notice of any termination of the Customer Ground Lease. 

At
such time as this Agreement terminates or expires, Customer shall pay to Cooperative a Termination Payment in an amount
equal to any amounts due to Cooperative under this Agreement, including but not limited to outstanding charges for Service provided up
to and including the termination date, amounts that accrued based on transactions during the period prior to termination and that are
due after termination and any amounts due to Cooperative under the indemnity provisions of this Agreement. Cooperative may draw on the
Performance Security (as defined in the Performance Security Agreement) or the cash deposit amount, as described in the Performance Security
Agreement, towards the Termination Payment. Cooperative may draw on Net Energy Security for payment of Net Energy, as provided herein
and in the Performance Security Agreement. This Termination Payment shall apply in all circumstances, irrespective of the reason the
Agreement is terminated, the Party that seeks termination, or whether the termination results from the expiration of the original Term.
This Termination Payment shall also apply in the context of any rejection of the Agreement under the Bankruptcy Code. 

XXI. CONFIDENTIALITY 

A. Except
as provided in this Section XXI, the Parties shall not publish, disclose, or otherwise divulge Confidential Information to any Person
at any time during or after the Term, without the other Party s prior express written consent. Except as may otherwise be required
by Applicable Laws (but subject to the remainder of this Section XXI), no press release or other similar public announcement or publication
in any media concerning this Agreement or the subject matter of this Agreement may be made by a Party without the consent of the other
Party. 

B. A
receiving Party may use and disclose Confidential Information where required to do so in litigation, administrative, regulatory or other
legal proceedings or otherwise by Applicable Laws, but shall promptly provide notice to the providing Party prior to disclosure, to the
extent legally permitted, and afford the providing Party an opportunity to seek a protective order or other relief to prevent or limit
disclosure of the Confidential Information. In such event, the receiving Party shall reasonably cooperate in connection with the providing
Party s efforts to obtain such protective order or other relief. Further, each Party shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain
the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in any litigation or administrative or regulatory proceeding or in any other instance
where disclosure is required by Applicable Laws. 

32 

C.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Party may provide any Confidential Information: (i) to the Transmission
Service Provider, ERCOT, any other Governmental Authority or any other Person (including subcontractors, consultants, accountants,
financial advisors, experts, legal counsel and other professional advisors to the Parties) as required for scheduling, settlement
and billing or otherwise to perform under or administer this Agreement; (ii) Affiliates and lessors, owners of and potential bidders
and bidders for, and potential purchasers and purchasers of, direct or indirect interests in the Facility or the MDC Farm, as the
case may be (including direct or indirect interests in the equity interests of Briscoe or Customer, as the case may be); (iii) to
any credit rating agency that has issued a credit rating for Cooperative, GSEC or Briscoe or any of its Affiliates or Customer or
any of its Affiliates; (iv) in the case of Cooperative, to GSEC; and (v) in the case of both Parties, Briscoe. Each Party shall
cause its personnel and all Persons to whom it discloses the Confidential Information to treat it confidentially and to not disclose
it to any other Person in any manner whatsoever. The obligation to provide confidential treatment to Confidential Information shall
not be affected by the inadvertent disclosure of Confidential Information by any Party. 

D. Obligations
under this Section XXI shall survive for a period of one (1) year following the termination or expiration of this Agreement, but in no
event to exceed any applicable statutes of limitation. 

XXII. DISPUTES 

A. In
the event of any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Parties shall make good faith efforts
to resolve the dispute within ten (10) Business Days following the delivered date of a written notice of the Dispute by a Party. If the
Parties are unable to resolve the dispute within this timeframe, it shall be referred to officers for the Parties, who shall negotiate
and attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute. If the Parties have not resolved the dispute within thirty (30) days after the dispute
was referred to officers of the Parties, or such longer period as the Parties may mutually agree is necessary to achieve resolution of
the dispute, such Party may then seek any and all available legal and equitable remedies in a court of competent jurisdiction, but nothing
herein shall limit a Party s right to initiate litigation prior to the expiration of the time periods set forth herein, if application
of statutes of limitations would prevent a Party from filing a lawsuit within the time permitted by Applicable Law for filing lawsuits,
or as necessary to seek injunctive relief. 

B. If
multiple Disputes arise under this Agreement or any Related Agreement and no Party has initiated litigation with respect to any then-active
Dispute, the Parties shall work in good faith to consolidate into a single Dispute all then-active Disputes for the purposes of resolving
the Disputes together in accordance with the process outlined in Section XXII(A). If multiple suits have been instituted under this Agreement
or any Related Agreement, the subject matters of which are related by common questions of law or fact and which could result in conflicting
awards or obligations under this Agreement and the Related Agreements, then any Party may request that all such proceedings be consolidated
into a single proceeding. Such request to consolidate litigation shall be directed to a court, judge, or other decisionmaker overseeing
the litigation. The parties agree that nothing in this Agreement is (i) intended to limit any rights to consolidation that state or federal
procedural rules may provide or (ii) intended to foreclose such consolidation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties reserve the
right to oppose consolidation where such consolidation would result in material increased costs or delay in the resolution of particular
suits. 

33 

XXIII. FORWARD
 CONTRACT AND MASTER NETTING AGREEMENT 

A.
Each Party acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transaction(s) contemplated herein constitute forward contracts within
the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code; (ii) this Agreement constitutes a master netting agreement within the meaning of
the Bankruptcy Code; (iii) each Party is a financial participant within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code; (iv) all
payments made or to be made by one party to the other Party pursuant to this Agreement constitute settlement payments 
within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code; and (v) this Section XXIII entitles each Party the contractual right to cause the
liquidation, termination, or acceleration of the transactions contemplated herein within the meaning of Bankruptcy Code
Sections 556, 560 and 561. 

B. Each
Party acknowledges and agrees that, upon a Party becoming Bankrupt, the other Party shall be entitled to exercise its rights and remedies
under this Agreement in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the Bankruptcy Code set forth in, inter alia, Sections 362(b)(6),
362(b)(17), 362(b)(27), 546(e), 548(d)(2), 556, 560 and 561 thereof. 

C. Each
Party acknowledges and agrees that, for purposes of this Agreement, the other Party is not a utility as such term is used
in Section 366 of the Bankruptcy Code, and each Party agrees to waive and not to assert the applicability of the provisions of Section
366 of the Bankruptcy Code in any bankruptcy proceeding wherein such Party is a debtor. In any such proceeding, each Party further agrees
to waive the right to assert that the other Party is a provider of last resort. 

D. Each
Party covenants that it shall not dispute its status as a forward contract merchant for purposes of this Agreement within
the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code. 

XXIV. ASSIGNMENT 

This
Agreement shall not be assigned by either Party without prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed. Any assignment by Customer shall not be effective until the assignee assumes in writing all obligations
of this Agreement, including without limitation Section X of this Agreement and all obligations in the Performance Security Agreement. 

XXV. NOTICE 

Any
notice required or authorized to be given hereunder or any other communications between the Parties provided for under the terms of this
Agreement shall be in writing (unless otherwise provided) and shall be delivered i personally, (ii) by reputable express courier
service, or (iii) by email, addressed to the relevant Party at the addressor email (as the case may be) stated below (as such number
or address may be changed in accordance with this Section XXV). Any notice so given personally, by express courier service, or by email
shall be deemed to have been given when actually received by the recipient. The Parties addresses for service and other contact
information are: 

If to Cooperative: 
 Lighthouse Electric Cooperative,
 Inc. 

P.O. Box 600 

Floydada,
 TX 79235 
 Attn:
 General Manager 

Email: 

34 

With a copy to: 
 McLaren Law Firm, PLLC 

2708 82nd Street 

Lubbock, Texas 79423 

Attn: 

E-mail: 

And an additional
 copy to: 
 Golden Spread Electric Cooperative,
 Inc. 

905 South Fillmore, Suite
 300 

Amarillo, Texas 79101-3541 

Attn: President and Chief
 Executive Officer 

Email: 

With a copy to: 
 Golden Spread Electric Cooperative,
 Inc. 

905 South Fillmore, Suite
 300 

Amarillo, Texas 79101-3541 

Attn: Chief Legal Officer
 and General Counsel 

Email: 

If to Customer: 
 Soluna
 DV Services LLC 
 Soluna
 Computing, Inc. 

325
 Washington Ave. Extension 
 Albany,
 NY 12205 

Attn: Chief Operating Officer 

Email: 

Notice
to a copy party shall not be required for such notice to be deemed received pursuant to the above. The above-listed names, titles and
addresses of either Party may be changed by written notification to the other Party in accordance with this Section XXV. 

XXVI. ENTIRE
 AGREEMENT 

This
Agreement, the Performance Security Agreement and any Netting Agreement entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and
that certain DCB Consultant Agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date constitute the entire agreement between the
Parties respecting the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations of Cooperative
and Customer regarding the same subject matter. Neither Cooperative nor Customer, nor either of their respective agents and
employees, have made any representations, promises, or made any inducements, written and verbal, which are not contained herein.
Each of Customer and Cooperative agrees that it is not relying on any statement not herein contained. This Agreement may be modified
at any time by mutual written agreement by the Parties hereto. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be void,
unenforceable, or in violation of law, such provision shall be severed from this Agreement and the remaining provisions of this
Agreement shall continue to be binding on the Parties and shall be enforced to the fullest extent possible, in a manner consistent
with the original intent of the Parties. 

35 

XXVII. WAIVER 

No
waiver, expressed or implied, to any breach of any one or more of the covenants or agreements hereof shall be deemed to be a waiver of
any subsequent breach. 

XXVIII. THIRD
 PARTY BENEFICIARIES 

No
provisions of this Agreement are intended to, and shall not, create any rights in or confer any benefits upon any person other than
the Parties hereto, except for GSEC s rights under Sections IV, V, VI(D), VII, VIII(B), IX, X, XI(C), XII(A), XII(C), XVI,
XVII, XIX(G), XX(B) XXI, XXVIII and XXX, the definitions of Market Price Cap and Service Date 
incorporated in this Agreement and the rights of the Cooperative Group and GSEC Group to indemnification under Sections IX and XVI.
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 

A.
The Parties acknowledge that Cooperative is granted the right to enforce, exercise, or act on behalf of GSEC with respect to any of
the rights of GSEC and Cooperative set forth in Article 10, Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 5.1, 6.1, 6.3, 7.2, 7.8, 12.4, 15.1(D), 15.2,
17.3 and 17.10, and the definition of Service Date incorporated in the GSEC Briscoe PPA, and Cooperative is therefore
an express, intended third-party beneficiary of the GSEC Briscoe PPA for those purposes. 

B.
The Parties agree that GSEC shall have the right to enforce, exercise, or act on behalf of Cooperative with respect to any of the
rights of GSEC set forth in Sections IV, V, VI(D), VII, VIII(B), IX, X, XI(C), XII(A), XII(C), XVI, XVII, XIX(G), XX(B),XXI, XXVIII
and XXX, the definitions of Market Price Cap and Service Date incorporated into this Agreement and the
rights to indemnification under Sections IX, XVI, and XVII of this Agreement, and GSEC is therefore an express, intended third-party
beneficiary of this Agreement for those purposes. 

XXIX. ADDITIONAL
 TERMS 

The
Service contracted for herein is to be provided and taken in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement including any and all amendments
that may hereafter be approved in accordance with Applicable Law. 

Customer
assumes all responsibility for electricity and the Customer Facilities on Customer s side of the Delivery Point. 

36 

Customer
shall reimburse Cooperative for all reasonable and documented costs incurred by Cooperative in arranging for Service to Customer, including
but not limited to costs for actual, documented consulting and legal fees. 

XXX. SURVIVAL;
 EFFECT OF TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION 

Notwithstanding
any termination or expiration of this Agreement, this Agreement will remain in effect with respect to, and to the extent necessary to
facilitate the settlement of, all liabilities and obligations arising hereunder before the effective date of such termination or expiration.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Section XIX (Breach/Discontinuance of Service), Section XXI (Confidentiality), Section
XXXII (Choice of Law and Venue), Section XXXIII (Jury Waiver), Section XVI (Indemnification, Limitation of Liability, and Disclaimer
of Warranties) and any other indemnity provision, Section XII (Invoices and Payment) to the extent of any payments accrued prior to termination,
and any provision which expressly or by implication is to continue in full force and effect after the termination or expiration of this
Agreement, shall survive the termination or expiration hereof, and such provisions shall remain in effect and enforceable following such
expiration or termination. If any provision of this Agreement provides an express survival period, this Agreement shall survive termination
with respect to that provision for the express survival period set forth herein. 

XXXI. MULTIPLE
 COUNTERPARTS/FAX OR EMAIL SIGNATURES 

This
Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, and each counterpart shall be considered as if it were an original. Email signatures
shall be given the same effect as originals. 

XXXII. CHOICE
 OF LAW AND VENUE 

This
Agreement shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to principles
of conflicts of law. Both Parties hereto irrevocably agree to resolve any and all disputes connected with or arising from this Agreement
exclusively in a federal district court in Travis County, Texas. 

XXXIII. JURY
 WAIVER 

Both
Parties to this Agreement irrevocably waive any and all rights to a jury trial for any dispute connected with or arising from this Agreement,
or the relationship between the Parties thereto, whether the claim, dispute or cause of action is based in contract, tort, statutory
or any other legal basis. 

XXXIV. NON-WAIVER 

No
waiver by either Party hereto of any one or more defaults by the other Party in the performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be construed as a waiver of any other default or defaults whether of a like kind or different nature. 

37 

XXXV. AMENDMENTS 

Any
amendment to this Agreement must be made in writing signed by both Parties. 

XXXVI. RULES
 OF CONSTRUCTION 

The
initially capitalized terms listed in this Article I, or defined elsewhere in this Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth in Section
I, or (unless otherwise indicated) as defined elsewhere in this Agreement, whenever the terms appear in this Agreement, whether in the
singular or the plural or in the present or past tense. In addition, the following rules of construction shall apply: 

A. The
 masculine shall include the feminine and neuter. 

B. References
to Articles, Sections, or Exhibits shall be to articles, sections, or exhibits of this Agreement. 

C. References
to any Applicable Law shall be to such Applicable Law, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified, or interpreted or applied
by a relevant Governmental Authority from time to time. 

D. References
to any agreement shall be to such agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented, or modified from time to time. 

E. The
words herein, hereof and hereunder shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
particular article or section of this Agreement; the word including shall mean including, without limitation 
and the word include shall mean include, without limitation. 

F. The
Exhibits are incorporated in and are intended to be a part of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this
Agreement or the Exhibits , this Agreement shall prevail. 

G. This
Agreement was negotiated and prepared by all Parties with the advice and participation of counsel. The Parties have agreed to the wording
of this Agreement and none of its provisions shall be construed against one Party on the ground that such Party is the author of this
Agreement or any part hereof. 

H. Whenever
this Agreement refers to a number of days, such number shall be deemed to refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified.
Whenever any action must be taken hereunder on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by
the next day that is a Business Day. 

(SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS) 

38 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

COOPERATIVE 

LIGHTHOUSE
 ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE, INC. 

By: 

Name:

Title:

CUSTOMER 

SOLUNA
 DV SERVICES, LLC 

By:

Name:

Title:

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 9
 ex10-69.htm

Exhibit
10.69 

SECOND
ADDENDUM AMENDMENT 

THIS
SECOND ADDENDUM AMENDMENT, dated as of March 10, 2023, (this Agreement ), is by and among and each purchaser
identified on Schedule A hereto (each, including its successors and permitted assigns, a Purchaser and collectively,
the Purchasers ), Collateral Services LLC, Collateral Agent and together with the Purchasers, the
 Secured Parties ), and Soluna Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Mechanical Technology, Incorporated), a Nevada corporation (the Company 
and together with the Purchasers each a Party and collectively the Parties ). 

W
I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS,
the Company and Purchasers entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 25, 2021 (the SPA ). Capitalized
Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the SPA and other Transaction Documents (as defined in the SPA); 

WHEREAS,
on July 19, 2022, the Parties entered into an Addendum (the Addendum to memorialize certain agreements between the Parties,
which was subsequently amended by the Addendum Amendment dated September 13, 2022 First Amendment ); 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual benefits accruing to Parties hereunder and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows: 

AGREEMENTS 

1. Security
Interests . The Parties confirm the release of the Secured Parties security interest in the assets of Soluna DVSL ComputeCo,
LLC D1A ). The Parties rescind the release the security interest in the assets of Soluna DV Computeco, LLC D1B and D1B will be deemed a debtor under the Security Agreement with all its assets pledged to the Secured Parties. 

2. Default
Waiver . Contemporaneously with the payment by the Company of the amounts set forth on Schedule A, the Purchasers waive any currently
existing events of default arising under the Notes, through the date hereof. This Document shall be a Joint Instruction to the Escrow
Agent under the September 29, 2022, escrow agreement, to release the funds set forth on Schedule A to the Purchasers pursuant to instructions
provided by each Purchaser for its portion. 

3. ROFR .
In the event the Secured Parties seek to foreclose on any equity interest in D1A, Soluna SLC Fund I Projects Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, or an affiliate Spring Lane will be provided one time option to purchase for cash, whatever equity
interests are being foreclosed upon at a price and upon terms that are commercially reasonable. If Spring Lane shall fail to accept the
offer within 10 days after it being made or close within 30 days after it being made, the Secured Parties shall have no further obligation
to Spring Lane. 

4. Cash
Proceeds . The 5,770,065.00 cash proceeds of that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement among the Company and Spring Lane related to
the purchase of membership interests of D1A annexed hereto as Exhibit 4 (the P S Agreement shall not be deemed to
be a portion of the Collateral prior to such proceeds being expended by the Company. Asset purchased with such funds shall be deemed
a portion of the Collateral. The assets of D1A shall remain not part of the Collateral. 

1 

5. Third
Party Beneficiary . 

a. Spring
Lane shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement and shall have the right to enforce this Agreement directly to the extent Spring
Lane deems such enforcement necessary or advisable to protect its rights hereunder. Any notices or options required to be given or made
to Spring Lane hereunder shall be in writing and delivered to Spring Lane at the following address: 100 Cambridge Street, Suite 1802,
Boston, MA 02114, 

b. The
Company representants that the P S Agreement annexed hereto (with its exhibits) is the complete agreement with Spring Lane and there
are no other agreements or understanding, written or oral. The Company undertakes P S Agreement not to make any amendments, changes
or waivers to the P S Agreement, Contribution Agreement (as defined in the P S Agreement), Restated LLCA (as defined in the P S
Agreement) without the consent of the Secured Parties. 

6. Public
Disclosure . Within one (1) business day after execution of this Agreement, the Company shall file a form 8-K with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, disclosing this Agreement, which shall be an exhibit to such filing. The Company shall also file additional
form 8-Ks within one (1) Trading Day after the Second Reset and Third Reset. 

7. Event
of Default . A breach of the terms of this Agreement shall be an Event of Default under the Notes. 

8. Representations .
The Company warrants and represents that all the warranties and representations of the Company set forth in the Transaction Documents
are true and accurate in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and will be as of the Approval Date, First Reconcile
Date and Second Reconcile Date. This Agreement shall be included in the definition of Transaction Documents in the SPA. 

9. Governing
Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of New
York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within the State of New York. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State and County of New York for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or therewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives,
and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.
(b) EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY DISPUTE OR CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY
TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY
MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE
BREACH, TERMINATION OR VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (II) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED
THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK SEPARATE COUNSEL OF ITS OWN CHOICE TO REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT, (III)
EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) EACH SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

2 

10. Injunctive
Relief . Each Party acknowledges and agrees that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the other
and that the remedy or remedies at law for any such breach will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of any such breach, in addition
to all other available remedies, the non-breaching party shall be entitled to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate
and specific performance of such obligations without the necessity of showing economic loss or the posting of any bond. 

11. Severability .
In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable
or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that in such case the parties
shall negotiate in good faith to replace such provision with a new provision which is not illegal, unenforceable or void, as long as
such new provision does not materially change the economic benefits of this Agreement to the Parties. 

12. Independent
Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance
of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently
protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction
Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. For
reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company through
G M. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company
and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision
contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the
Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 

13. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of executed counterparts of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic format (including
via .pdf and DocuSign) shall be effective as an original. 

14. Notices .
All notices shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the SPA and Security Agreement. 

15. Entire
Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof
and thereof, superseding all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or oral, between or among the parties. Except as specifically
modified herein, the Transaction Documents including the Addendum remain in full force and effect without any waivers or modifications.
No amendment, modification or other change to this Agreement or waiver of any agreement or other obligation of the parties under this
Agreement may be made or given unless such amendment, modification or waiver is set forth in writing and is signed by the Parties; provided,
however, that Spring Lane s written consent shall be required with respect to any amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement
that impacts Spring Lane s rights hereunder. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the
specific purpose for which given. As used in this Agreement, any consent of the Purchasers shall be determined in accordance with the
terms of the SPA. 

 [Signatures
begin on next page] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Addendum Amendment to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

Soluna
 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Soluna
 DV Computeco, LLC 

By: 

By: 

Its: 

Its: 

PURCHASERS 

ALPHA
 CAPITAL ANSTALT 
 
 SUPEREIGHT
 CAPITAL HOLDINGS LTD. 

By:

By:

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

Title: 

3I, LP 

By:

XINIU NIE 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

AJF Consulting 

By:

YI HUA CHEN 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

COLLATERAL
 AGENT 

Collateral Services LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

4 

SCHEDULE
A 

Purchaser 
 Payment
 Amount 
 
 Alpha
 Capital Anstalt 
 391,052.07 
 
 Supereight
 Capital Holdings Ltd. 
 8,175.24 
 
 AJF
 Consulting 
 10,110.17 
 
 3i
 LP 
 156,505.77 
 
 Xiniu
 Nie 
 30,905.18 
 
 Yi
 Hua Chen 
 20,603.53 
 
 Total 
 617,351.96 

5 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-21>
 10
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF SOLUNA HOLDINGS, INC. 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Soluna
 Computing, Inc. 
 Nevada 

New
 York 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF SOLUNA COMPUTING, INC. 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Soluna
 MC, LLC 
 Nevada 
 
 Soluna
 SW, LLC 
 Nevada 
 
 Soluna
 Callisto Holdings, Inc. 
 Soluna
 DV Devco, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Soluna
 DV ComputeCo, LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Soluna
 DV Services, LLC 
 Nevada 

Delaware 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF SOLUNA MC, LLC 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Soluna
 MC Borrowings, LLC 2021-1 
 Delaware 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF SOLUNA SW, LLC 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Soluna
 SW Borrowings, LLC 2022-1 
 Delaware 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF DV DEVCO, LLC 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Soluna
 DVSL ComputeCo, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-262594 on Form S-3, the Registration Statement
No. 333-261427 on Form S-3, and the Registration Statement No. 333 260614 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 31, 2023, with
respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Soluna Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company ),
formerly known as Mechanical Technology, Incorporated, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our report contained
an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

/S/
UHY LLP 

Albany,
New York 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael Toporek, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Soluna Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March
 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael Toporek 

Michael
 Toporek 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Philip Patman, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Soluna Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March
 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Philip Patman, Jr. 

Philip
 Patman, Jr. 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. 

 Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. Section 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Soluna Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Toporek, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a)
and (b)), that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March
31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael Toporek 

Michael
 Toporek 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

This
certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason other than as specifically required by
law. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Soluna
Holdings, Inc. 

 Certification
of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. Section 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Soluna Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Philip Patman, Jr., Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a)
and (b)), that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March
31, 2023 

/s/
 Philip Patman, Jr. 

Philip
 Patman, Jr 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

This
certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document, and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason other than as specifically required by
law. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 slnh-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 slnh-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 slnh-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 slnh-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

